<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1801602_0001801602-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10817030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>518105</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2494301</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3439995</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2242955</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1937382</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001801602-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328163927
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001801602-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SpringBig Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001801602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				882789488
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40049
		FILM NUMBER:		23770126

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		621 NW 53RD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 260
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 772-9172

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		621 NW 53RD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 260
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001801602-23-000028.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 wdq-20221231.htm
 10-K

wdq-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control 
 over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued 
 its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the 
 filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by 
 any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of 
 common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, was million. 
 
 As of March 28, 2023, there were shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value issued and outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 , 2022 . 

2 

SPRINGBIG, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page Frequently Used Terms 
 4 
 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 6 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 7 
 Part I Item 1. 
 Business 
 9 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 47 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 Part II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 49 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 93 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 94 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 94 
 Part III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 95 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 95 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 95 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 95 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 95 
 Part IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 97 
 Signatures 
 98 
 
 3 

Frequently Used Terms 
 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to : 
 amended and restated merger agreement are to the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of April 14, 2022,by and among Tuatara, Merger Sub and Legacy SpringBig, as amended and restated by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 4, 2022; 
 amended and restated registration rights agreement are to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement entered into, by and among Tuatara, Sponsor, Legacy SpringBig, and the other signatories thereto; 
 business combination are to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement 
 Canadian CRTC are to the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission; 
 Cannabis Act are to the Cannabis Act (Canada); 
 Cantor or Holder are to CF Principal Investments LLC; 
 Cantor Equity Facility are to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Cantor Registration Rights Agreement, related to a committed equity facility by which SpringBig has the right to sell to CF Principal Investments LLC up to 50,000,000 of newly issued common stock; 
 Cantor Registration Rights Agreement are to the registration rights agreement, dated as of April 29, 2022, by and between Tuatara and Cantor; 
 Code are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
 Common Shares, Common Stock or Shares are to the shares of common stock of SpringBig Holdings, Inc., par value 0.0001 per share 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement are to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2022, by and between Tuatara and the Holder, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated July 20, 2022; 
 Company, SpringBig, we, us, our and similar terms are to SpringBig Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 COVID-19 are to SARS-Cov-2 or COVID-19, and any evolutions thereof or related or associated epidemics, pandemics or disease outbreaks; 
 CSA are to the U.S. Controlled Substances Act of 1970, as amended; 
 DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended; 
 effective time are to the effective time of the certificate of merger effecting the merger contemplated by the amended and restated merger agreement; 
 Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FCC are to the United States Federal Communications Commission; 
 GAAP are to United States generally accepted accounting principles 
 Legacy SpringBig are to SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation, prior to the business combination, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SpringBig following the business combination; 
 merger are to the merger evidenced by a certificate of merger between Merger Sub and Legacy SpringBig pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy SpringBig, with Legacy SpringBig continuing as the surviving entity and a subsidiary of SpringBig; 
 merger agreement are to the original merger agreement and the amended and restated merger agreement, collectively, as amended or modified from time to time, by and among Tuatara, Merger Sub and Legacy SpringBig 
 Merger Sub are to HighJump Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Tuatara; 
 Nasdaq are to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; 
 Notes and Warrants Purchase Agreement are to that certain securities purchase agreement, dated April 29, 2022, as amended by the Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, and Amendment No. 2 to the Purchase Agreement, dated December 28, 2022, between the Company and L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell up to (i) a total of up to 16 million of 6 Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Notes due 2024 (the L1 Notes and (ii) a number of warrants equal to one-half of the principal of the Notes actually issued, divided by the volume weighted average price VWAP on the trading day prior to such Note issuance date (the Investor Warrants ), in a private placement. 
 original merger agreement are to the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and among Tuatara, Merger Sub and SpringBig; 
 4 

PIPE subscription financing are to the aggregate 13,100,000 of proceeds from the issuance of the subscription shares; 
 SaaS are to software-as-a-service; 
 Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
 Sponsor are to TCAC Sponsor, LLC a Delaware limited liability company; 
 TCPA are to the United States Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, as amended; 
 transfer agent are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as transfer agent; 
 Tuatara, we, our or us are to Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, the predecessor entity to SpringBig and 
 , US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 
 
 5 

Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward looking statements. Forward looking statements include our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "may," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future cash flows, operating or financial performance or other events. These forward looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry and Company, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that any such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, results may prove to be materially different. Unless otherwise required by law, we disclaim any obligation to update our view of any such risks or uncertainties or to announce publicly the result of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made in this report. 
 
 A number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results reflected in these forward-looking statements are identified in the section entitled Risk Factors and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available publicly on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity and performance as well as other events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 
 6 

Risk Factor Summary 
 
 We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in their entirety for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 We have a relatively short operating history in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become profitable or maintain profitability in the future. 
 If we do not successfully develop and deploy new software, platform features or services to address the needs of our clients, if we fail to retain our existing clients or acquire new clients, and/or if we fail to expand effectively into new markets, our revenue may decrease and our business may be harmed. 
 We have a significant working capital deficiency and a history of losses, may need to raise additional funds to meet our obligations and sustain our operations, and may not achieve profitability in the future. There is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Federal law enforcement may deem our clients to be in violation of U.S. federal law, and, in particular the CSA. A change in U.S. federal policy on cannabis enforcement and strict enforcement of federal cannabis laws against our clients would undermine our business model and materially affect our business and operations. 
 Some of our clients currently and in the future may not be in compliance with licensing and related requirements under applicable laws and regulations. We further cannot ensure that our clients will conduct their business in a way that complies with all laws. Allowing unlicensed or noncompliant businesses to access our platform and services, or allowing businesses to use our solutions in a noncompliant manner, may subject us to legal or regulatory enforcement and negative publicity, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition, brand and reputation. 
 Our business is dependent on U.S. state laws and regulations and Canadian federal and provincial laws and regulations pertaining to the cannabis industry, its continued legalization, and the rapid changes in applicable laws and regulations may increase the risk that we will not be successful. We are subject to various standards, laws and regulations and any actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 Our business is dependent on the market acceptance of cannabis consumers and negative trends could adversely affect our business operations. 
 Our business is highly dependent upon our brand recognition and reputation, and any erosion or degradation of our brand recognition or reputation would likely adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We currently face intense competition in marketing and advertising services available to our clients, and we expect competition to further intensify as the cannabis industry continues to evolve. 
 If we fail to predict and/or manage our growth effectively, our brand, business and operating results could be harmed. 
 If we are unable to recruit, train, retain and motivate key personnel, we may not achieve our business objectives. 
 If our current marketing model is not effective in attracting new clients, we may need to employ higher-cost sales and marketing methods to attract and retain clients, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 We may be unable to scale and adapt our existing technology and network infrastructure in a timely or effective manner to ensure that our platform is accessible, which would harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our platform or cyber security breaches, unauthorized access or other events could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects and/or subject us to significant liability. 
 The impact of global, regional or local economic and market conditions or events may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Investors should not rely on outdated financial projections. 
 We may improve our products and solutions in ways that forego short-term gains. 
 Future investments in our growth strategy, including acquisitions, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 7 

We may need to raise additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, causing dilution to our stockholders, restricting our operations or adversely affecting our ability to operate our business. Further, we may be unable to obtain such financing. 
 Our obligations to the holder of the L1 Notes are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets, so if we default on those obligations, the noteholders could foreclose on, liquidate and/or take possession of our assets. If that were to happen, we could be forced to curtail, or even to cease, our operations. The L1 Notes also restricts our ability obtain additional debt and equity financing, which may restrict our ability to grow and finance our operations. 
 We may be subject to potential adverse tax consequences. 
 Changes in accounting standards or other factors could negatively impact our future effective tax rate. 
 Cannabis remains illegal under federal law, and therefore, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding cannabis would likely result in our inability to execute our business plan. 
 Our business and our clients are subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws regarding financial transactions related to cannabis, which could subject our clients to legal claims or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 We are dependent on our banking relations, and we may have difficulty accessing or consistently maintaining banking or other financial services due to our connection with the cannabis industry. 
 Due to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business and/or in enforcing certain of our commercial contracts, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 
 We may in the future be, subject to disputes and assertions by third parties with respect to alleged violations of intellectual property rights. These disputes could be costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. 
 Some of our solutions contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and solutions. 
 The success of our business heavily depends on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 If we fail to meet all applicable requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), and Nasdaq determines to delist our common stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be issued and/or sold into the market in the near future. This would result in dilution to existing shareholders and could cause the market price of our shares of common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 We may amend the terms of our public and private warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without the approval of all security holders. 
 We have and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management has and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives. 
 8 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Our Mission 
 
 We provide our clients with an easy-to-use loyalty, digital communications platform that drives their consumers to action. SpringBig empowers our clients to effectively communicate with, increase the loyalty of, and expand their consumer population through the provision of an integrated technology platform supported by robust analytics. Our goal is to become the leading SaaS software platform to cannabis retailers and brands, providing data-driven loyalty, marketing and consumer buying experience solutions throughout the U.S. and Canada, and ultimately expanding internationally and into other regulated markets. 
 
 Summary of Our Business 
 
 SpringBig is a market-leading software platform providing customer loyalty and marketing automation solutions to retailers and brands. SpringBig believes that it is a market leader in its product categories for a number of factors including, among others, (i) the number of SpringBig customers and consumers enrolled on SpringBig s platform (and the percentage of known licensed cannabis retailers enrolled in SpringBig s product service) (ii) scale (SpringBig has operations and clients in all states that have legalized cannabis) (iii) the comprehensive services offered by SpringBig (iv) the technology offered by SpringBig that, among other things, connects the three categories of participants in the cannabis ecosystem (customers, retailers, and brands) and provides effective communications and marketing to end-consumers (v) SpringBig s expertise in loyalty programs and marketing automation (vi) the quality of SpringBig s client services and (vii) SpringBig s ability to provide data analytics. 
 
 Since our inception in 2016, we have leveraged our deep expertise in loyalty marketing to develop solutions that address the key challenges faced by retailers and brands, including those in the cannabis industry. Stringent, complex, and rapidly evolving regulations have resulted in restricted access to traditional marketing channels for cannabis retailers and brands, preventing them from utilizing many traditional methods for effectively accessing and engaging with consumers. In addition, the lack of industry-specific data and market intelligence solutions limit cannabis retailers and brands ability to efficiently market their products, thereby hindering their growth. Our platform enables our clients to increase brand awareness, engage customers, improve retention, and access actionable consumer feedback data to improve marketing. Our clients can use our loyalty marketing, digital communications, and text/email marketing solutions drive new customer acquisition, customer spend and retail foot traffic. Our proven business-to-business-to-customer B2B2C software platform creates powerful network effects between retailers and brands and provides an ability for both to connect directly with consumers. As retailers and brand scale, a virtuous cycle is created, ultimately expanding SpringBig s reach, strengthening our value proposition: 

9 

Today, we serve approximately 1,300 brand and retailer clients across approximately 3,000 distinct retail locations in North America. Our clients distribute in excess of 2 billion messages annually, and in the last year more than 7.5 billion of gross merchandise value GMV was accounted for by our clients utilizing our platform. SpringBig has successfully grown its revenue at a rapid pace, from 5.7 million in 2019 to 26.6 million in 2022. We have an excellent track record of securing and retaining our clients with our value proposition, which we measure by our net revenue retention rate. When evaluating our retention rates and calculating our net revenue retention rate, SpringBig calculates the average recurring monthly revenue from retail clients, adjusted for losses, increases and decreases in monthly subscriptions during the prior twelve months divided by the average recurring monthly subscription revenue over the same trailing twelve-month period. To determine the average recurring monthly revenue, SpringBig calculates monthly subscription revenue (derived from the monthly recurring subscription fees paid by retail clients, excluding the initial monthly contract amount of any new client subscriptions) from all retail clients, averaged over the previous twelve month period. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Key Operating and Financial Metrics for a further discussion of net revenue retention rate. 
 
 We believe SpringBig is well positioned to become the leading software platform for cannabis retailers and brands by providing data-driven loyalty and marketing solutions to enhance a frictionless consumer buying experience. 
 
 What SpringBig Does 
 
 We have developed and commercialized a comprehensive suite of Software-as-a-Service SaaS solutions for our retailer and brand clients (who we refer to as clients and their end-user customers as customers or consumers ). 
 
 Through their subscriptions, our retail clients have access to in-depth campaign data, robust analytics, and actionable feedback and summaries to help inform their business decisions and maximize customer engagement and retention. When a client subscribes to our platform, we charge affordable initial set-up fees and the majority of our revenue is derived from a monthly recurring subscription fee. Typically, our subscription agreements extend for twelve months, and unless terminated in accordance with their terms, generally renew for subsequent and recurring 12-month periods. Our client subscriptions cover access to our platform as well as messaging services. 
 
 Within the terms of a subscription, a client receives a pre-determined quantum of communication credits per month, and we invoice the client additional amounts if the pre-determined credit volume is exceeded in any month (though the subscription agreements do not stipulate the volume of messages the client must cause to be sent during a month). The fees for such excess use are set forth in the client s subscription agreement. In some cases, a client has separate subscriptions relating to the use of the software platform and the communications and, in other cases, these are bundled into a single subscription. 
 
 The monthly subscription fee charged to SpringBig s clients is set forth in such client s subscription agreement and is based on the scope of the subscription, which is determined based on (1) the number of customers on a client s database (e.g., use of the SpringBig platform) and/or (2) the pre-determined quantum of communication credits that such client may use per month. As noted above, if this pre-determined credit volume is exceeded in any month, SpringBig will invoice the client for such excess use by the client. Excess use revenue has historically accounted for up to 30 of revenue. We expect excess use revenue as a percentage of recurring subscription revenue to decrease as customers scale and progress to higher subscription tiers over their lifetime. SpringBig s revenue is not based on the success or effectiveness of any marketing campaign communications. 
 
 We also generate revenue by empowering brands with direct access to consumers via our brands platform. Our recently introduced brands platform allows brands to advertise and engage cannabis consumers, drive brand awareness, acquire VIP customers with high lifetime value, and access detailed reporting insights into essential campaign attribution metrics. Pricing for the brands platform is either structured on a bulk-pay basis or as a monthly subscription. 
 
 Industry Overview 
 
 We operate within the large and expanding cannabis retail market in the United States and Canada. Cannabis is one of the fastest emerging consumer end markets in the U.S, and it is expected to grow from 20 billion in 2020 to in excess of 40 billion by 2025, representing a compound annual growth in excess of 15 . Currently, 37 states plus the District of Columbia have legalized medical cannabis, and 21 states plus the District of Columbia have legalized adult-use cannabis. While there is generally a lag period between the time a market adopts legislation permitting either medical or adult cannabis use and significant revenue generation by SpringBig, states that have recently enacted legalization measures, such as New York and New Jersey, are expected to contribute significant additional sales growth to the market by 2025 when they are expected to be fully operational. Further momentum from the legislative and regulatory changes is expected to drive expansion of the total addressable market as more states continue to legalize cannabis for adult-use and medical use. We operate in all states that have legalized cannabis in some form (be it adult-use or medical), and we plan to be a first-mover in future new markets. Additional tailwinds such as a decrease in raw material costs, intensifying competition amongst cannabis retailers and brands, and 
 10 

increased marketing spends by clients are also expected to contribute to the expansion of our total addressable market as customer engagement and retention will become ever more critical for cannabis retailers and brands to succeed. 
 
 Current technology offerings to cannabis retailers and brands are rudimentary, and the technology landscape offers a highly fragmented environment with lots of competition within a pool of small players. We believe that SpringBig is the leading loyalty and marketing software platform of scale to the cannabis industry and that we are best positioned to capture the significant uptick expected in marketing spend. There are only a few cannabis-specific companies that provide products similar to our offering, and SpringBig currently does not face competition from traditional loyalty marketing providers due to legal restrictions for cannabis at the federal level; however, as described in Key Challenges, below, SpringBig believes it is well-positioned to provide differentiated value as the competitive landscape evolves. 

Key Challenges 
 
 The stringent and evolving regulations, which also vary state-by-state, restrict retailers and brands abilities to engage with customers, currently present significant challenges to their marketing efforts. In addition, these retailers and brands lack access to actionable data and analytics tools to market their products to customers efficiently. 
 
 Customer Engagement Needs 
 
 The cannabis industry is a highly fragmented and competitive industry where price and promotions are key drivers of sales. Further, traditional marketing channels restrict cannabis marketing, preventing businesses from marketing their products and reaching consumers. Google, Facebook, and other social media platforms serve as an outlet for businesses to market their products in most other industries, but they restrict cannabis companies from operating on their platforms. Some SMS providers also restrict licensed cannabis businesses from accessing networks, and these barriers currently make it challenging for cannabis retailers and brands to drive customer acquisition, retention, engagement, and loyalty. Furthermore, the continued penetration by cannabis focused e-commerce providers have increased competition and decreased customer loyalty for bricks and mortar cannabis retailers. 
 
 SpringBig has developed and commercialized a comprehensive suite of SaaS solutions to address the challenges that cannabis retailers and brands face in this industry. Further, while cannabis clients do not currently have access to certain traditional marketing channels, including social media platforms, we believe that our platform s products and services, in particular our data and analytics capabilities, position us well to provide significant value to cannabis retailers and brands whenever these social media platforms become available, by enabling these businesses to determine the effective targeting and focus of their marketing solutions and loyalty programs. 
 
 As state-by-state legalization continues, we expect cannabis retailers and brands to look to expand and seek new ways to reach and engage customers efficiently. 
 
 11 

Data and Analytics Needs 
 
 In our experience, many cannabis retailers and brands lack access to customer feedback data that is essential to reach customers and build relationships with them efficiently. Additionally, we have found that cannabis retailers and brands do not currently have the technological infrastructure and analytical tools necessary to process the data they collect from customers into actionable data for marketing purposes. Unlike most other industries, the cannabis sector requires market intelligence and data solutions that are tailored to the specific needs of individual retailers, brands and consumers considering the current restrictive and evolving regulatory and legal environment. The current federal regulatory status of cannabis poses barriers of entry for large communication and data solution providers, representing a significant unmet need. 
 
 How SpringBig Addresses These Challenges 
 
 Our solutions are designed to address the key challenges faced by cannabis retailers and brands. Today s industry participants lack sufficient visibility into customer behavior and need a solution that bridges communication between consumers, retailers and brands. We believe our solutions foster valuable connections and interactions that improve clarity, trust and satisfaction between these stakeholders. 
 
 Although carrier-imposed restrictions limit the use of blatant cannabis content being sent directly via SMS, SpringBig has developed a proprietary solution, compliant with TCPA, FCC, and Canadian CRTC, that helps cannabis retailers and brands communicate directly with their consumers, offering a direct communication and engagement channel, using text, images and other forms of media. 
 
 We believe our platform empowers our clients to improve and analyze customer acquisition, retention, basket spend and retail foot traffic. Retailers and brands can use SpringBig s platform to connect with consumers, thus driving improvements in customer engagement and retention and increasing brand exposure. Once customers are engaged, the SpringBig platform enables businesses to amplify consumer spend through differentiated marketing solutions which target the consumer directly in an industry where doing so has been challenging in the past. While brand loyalty in the cannabis market has historically proven challenging, our offerings effectively connect the consumer with brands and drive loyalty. 
 
 We provide retailers with the analytics infrastructure to make data actionable. Our data solutions are purpose-built for the cannabis industry and enable our clients to leverage data to more effectively market their products to consumers. Through our integrations with 19 point of sale POS providers, 4 major cannabis e-commerce providers and other data providers, our platform offers robust consumer purchasing and marketing feedback data to allow our customers to take direct marketing and promotional actions. These commercial relationships take varying forms, depending on the relationship, including licensing and referral arrangements. 
 
 Furthermore, our proprietary auto-connect module supports further automation of marketing campaigns based on data. We also offer marketing automation solutions that provide for consistency of customer communication, which retailers and brands can use to drive customer retention and retail foot traffic. Our platform offers functionality to help build brand loyalty through loyalty programs that offer various rewards and offers. Our reporting and analytics offerings deliver valuable insights that our clients utilize to better understand their customer base, purchasing habits and trends. Consumer actions become measurable, thus providing our clients with data that can be leveraged to make better informed business decisions and more targeted marketing campaigns. 
 
 In the cannabis industry, the retailer maintains the relationship with the consumer, and it is challenging in the current regulatory environment for brands to directly interact with those consumers. The SpringBig brands platform enables brands to directly interact with consumers in a manner that is otherwise not feasible, short of such brand independently compiling and maintaining a separate consumer database. 
 
 Through SMS marketing, emails, customer feedback system and loyalty programs, we believe our solutions are crucial in managing customer relationships in this emerging industry. In time, as legislation permits, our product offerings will likely be enhanced to incorporate other aspects of the customer experience, including further enhanced data analytics and, when legally permissible, online ordering and payments. 
 
 Our Retail Offering 
 
 We serve in excess of 1,300 retailers in approximately 3,000 distinct locations providing them with a comprehensive suite of tools needed to attract customers, market products, and analyze key data. We are entrenched with most of the leading multi-state operators which allows us to capture the enterprise customer base, while also being equally suited to the smaller cannabis retail operators. 
 
 12 

The anticipated growth of the cannabis retail market presents an opportunity to reach additional retailers as cannabis becomes more widely used and states continue to legalize. The tools that we provide allow retailers to engage and better communicate with their consumers. Further, SpringBig offers retailers robust reporting and analytics tools, which help them understand product and sales trends, track consumer activity, and gain insights that can be leveraged to drive sales. 
 
 On the consumer side, we offer a suite of elegant consumer-facing products. The enrollment process is streamlined and designed to provide for compliance and clarity. Once enrolled, consumers can develop their profile, will receive appropriate messages and offers and access their retailer s specific rewards wallet application, where multiple images, videos, and links can be added for the consumer to explore. 
 
 An important component of our platform is text message marketing, which allows clients to send promotions to existing customers. Our text messaging platform offers a variety of features, including multiple customer segmentations, which automatically groups customers into segments based on their preferences and purchase behavior. Retailers also have access to the autoconnects feature, which allows them to easily leverage customer data and send messages directly to consumers based on certain actions and also includes functionality to help clients avoid missed opportunities to send text messages. We also provide an e-signature app, designed to accommodate a proper double opt-in procedure, through both implied and expressed consent, to facilitate compliance with the TCPA, FCC, and Canadian CRTC. Finally, campaign performance analytics provide transparency on deliverability and message opening rates. We utilize proprietary technology to filter out fake phone numbers, burner phones, and landlines. In an environment where communication with cannabis consumers is constrained, text messaging is extremely effective in influencing purchase behavior, while also driving foot traffic and continuing to reach new customers and target markets. 
 
 Retailers compile highly-targeted marketing campaigns based on the consumer profiles and preferences and are provided with detailed campaign metrics that enable further refinement and enhanced targeting of future campaigns. The consumer application (wallet) itself can easily be customized with a distinct icon, name, layout, and color scheme, thus allowing for brand consistency and a higher-quality and frictionless customer experience. Here, customers can access and check their points, redeem rewards, and view upcoming offers. The wallet fully integrates with cannabis e-commerce providers, allowing customers to place orders directly from their wallet. The features and ease of use that comes with the SpringBig rewards wallet creates customer loyalty and establishes a relationship between the client and the consumer. Customer relationships are a crucial component in retail that has been restricted as a result of the complexities of the cannabis industry. Nonetheless, we have designed our platform to make this connection easy. 
 
 The SpringBig platform also provides support for consumer feedback with robust dashboards that track key survey performance indicators that allow clients to measure customer satisfaction. The Feedback by SpringBig offering allows businesses to survey customers post-purchase, track and analyze feedback, and then take action based on this information. From the initial online search to in-store purchase, clients possess the ability to track the entire customer experience. Comprehensive reports give clients the tools to better understand customer trends, and allows the retailer to analyze specific operational, product, and promotional opportunities. By identifying key trends, our users are able to improve customer loyalty and increase retention. 
 
 SpringBig offers retailers powerful insight dashboards that provide comprehensive data that can be used to make informed business decisions. Our platform also allows retailers to create marketing campaigns, ensuring that consumers receive all relevant promotions. Once a campaign launches, retailers are able to analyze in-depth data in order to measure campaign success. ERP-level customer data management and analysis also allow retailers to organize their sales funnel and provide a personalized, targeted approach to marketing campaigns. 
 
 Our platform integrates with many of the leading POS systems in the cannabis industry, which allows retailers to simplify workstreams by automatically collecting a plethora of data on consumers. Integrating our marketing automation software with the retailer s POS system makes for more efficient management of customer relationships and facilitates using specific POS data in design and implementation of marketing campaigns. With integrations, in real-time retailers can review performance results and the return on investment ROI for each marketing campaign. Additionally, the SpringBig clients are also able to ascertain which cannabis brands and products perform the best, thus allowing retailers to customize meaningful messaging and offers for their customer base. 
 
 Our Brand Marketing Platform 
 
 Our brand marketing platform offers a leading direct-to-consumer marketing automation platform in the cannabis industry. The data-rich direct-to-consumer marketing engine allows brands to target and measure the complete transaction cycle from initial engagement through point of sale. 
 
 We provide cannabis brands with the opportunity to provide content that, in turn, our retail clients can utilize in their targeted consumer marketing campaigns. This provides the brand with differentiated access to the consumer and that can be effectively leveraged through the brand and retailer cooperating in a promotional campaign on our platform. 
 13 

Brands aim to materially increase their brand awareness, expand retail partnerships and acquire and retain new customers. The SpringBig brands platform provides brand clients with access to detailed reports that offer valuable insights into essential campaign attribution metrics. There are approximately 5,000 existing cannabis brands in the U.S., and this early-stage initiative represents a significant future growth opportunity for us. Our marketing database with over 40 million consumers is a highly-differentiated SpringBig asset that powers cannabis brands in driving brand recognition and promoting awareness. 
 
 Our Platform and Data Assets 
 
 We have created a distinct B2B2C platform supported by a wealth of data assets to effectively monetize our large and growing base of cannabis consumers. Currently, the cannabis industry falls significantly short of market intelligence and data solutions that would typically be found in other industries: retailers lack analytics infrastructure to make data actionable for marketing, and lack of feedback data poses challenges for brands to reach and establish relationships with consumers directly. Our leading messaging, loyalty, and customer experience platform recognizes powerful network effects among brands, retailers, and cannabis consumers to enable our clients to make better business decisions. We retain retailers as paying SaaS subscription customers, who then acquire consumers. Brands target retailers that successfully acquire loyal consumers, which drives increased retailer interest and recurring revenue. 
 
 The SpringBig platform is also supported by large data assets created by our fully integrated cannabis technology ecosystem. We partner with industry leading data analytics, e-commerce, and POS providers to monetize our base of over 40 million consumers and generate revenue for our clients. 
 
 We intend to continue to invest in our platform to enhance its functionality and the value of our data assets so that both we and our clients can continue to grow. We anticipate building on our existing platform infrastructure so that we are well positioned to benefit from the further emergence of the burgeoning cannabis and cannabis-tech markets. 
 
 Certain Regulatory Considerations and How We Adapt to Changing Regulatory Landscape 
 
 SpringBig helps drive regulatory compliance. We pride ourselves on being ahead of the curve when it comes to changes to regulations to both SMS and to the overall cannabis landscape. 
 
 The TCPA prohibits autodialed text messages, unless made with the prior express, written consent of the receiving party, to any telephone number assigned to a cell phone. Additionally, mobile carriers act as gatekeepers between businesses and consumers. The Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association CTIA ), a trade organization for mobile carriers (including SpringBig s messaging distributors), periodically issues industry best practice guidance which currently includes prohibiting messaging content that contains or promotes sex, hate, alcohol, firearms, or tobacco (referred to as SHAFT ), and interpretation of this guidance includes cannabis within the tobacco category. SpringBig s platform (including, in particular, its text message marketing) is designed to ensure compliance with TCPA, SHAFT guidelines, and other applicable CTIA guidance; SpringBig proactively monitors and, as necessary, adapts its platform and services to comply with these guidelines and standards. Further, as part of its proactive monitoring of mobile carriers guidelines, SpringBig endeavors to maintain close relationships with our messaging distributors, and as such, have been made well aware of any carrier-implemented restrictions that may impact the way cannabis retailers and brands communicate with their consumers via SMS. These relationships have allowed us to continue servicing our customers in a rapidly changing environment, with no disruption of service or restrictions from sending messages from major carriers. 
 
 SpringBig s customers can utilize the platform consent interface or other means to obtain the consumer s consent that is required to receive messages, and, as an integral part of its services, SpringBig creates templates for its retail customers that are in compliance with SHAFT guidelines to use in promotional messaging. The approved templates do not explicitly discuss or promote cannabis, but rather provide general information about the retailer, the consumer s reward status and can also incorporate a link that directs opted-in consumers to additional promotional material created by the retailer customers. 
 
 As a third-party provider of a software platform, state cannabis regulatory marketing rules generally do not apply to SpringBig. SpringBig s retail customers are responsible for ensuring that their marketing materials comply with state law. 
 
 Additionally, SpringBig has instituted policies and procedures to verify the licensing status of our clients (which are utilized in on-boarding both retail and brand clients in addition to other client diligence) and to conduct periodic screening to confirm the continued licensing status of our clients. Further, SpringBig is constantly monitoring proposed and pending legislative changes on the state and federal level. We have an emerging markets-focused sales team that is designed to ensure SpringBig is developing relationships with retailers, brands, and partners in emerging markets, so when the legalization status changes, those retailers, brands and potential partners already have a deep partnership formed with SpringBig. One of the primary ways we do this is through our Greenhouse program. This program allows licensed retailers who have not yet opened their doors to build their potential consumer list, design their loyalty program, and meet our extensive partnership network to 
 14 

help inform their tech stack decisions as they move towards being fully operational. We have found that this program has helped us make headway in the emerging cannabis markets and sets up the foundation for a strong partnership in the future. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe that we are a leading provider of customer loyalty and marketing automation solutions to cannabis retailers and brands, and our key competitive strengths are the following: 
 
 We are a leading direct-to-consumer marketing and customer loyalty platform in the cannabis industry. We are the largest loyalty marketing automation provider in the cannabis space with over 40 million consumers enrolled in our platform, and over 1,300 retailer and brand customers with approximately 3,000 discrete retail locations. We started serving the cannabis market in 2016 and were a pioneer in providing SMS marketing solutions to cannabis retailers. As we expanded our customer base, platform and solutions, we now serve approximately one-third of all retail locations in the United States. We partner with the majority of the leading multi-state-operators MSOs ). We believe that our differentiated suite of solutions and deep understanding of customer needs will enable us to expand our leadership position as we grow into existing and new markets and expand our offering. 
 
 We have a diverse geographic footprint, with operations in all states that have legalized cannabis in some form. We believe that our broader geographic footprint, scope of operations, and established position in the industry all support our efforts to be a first mover in future new markets and also may make it more difficult, time-intensive and costly for competitors to replicate. 
 
 We provide critical value to our customers demonstrated by leading net retention. Loyalty and messaging are critical for cannabis retailers and brands to directly engage, connect, and retain their customer base. Our suite of solutions is designed to enable our customers to engage with their consumers in an efficient way, sustainably driving customer retention, acquisition, spend and foot-traffic. On average, our clients are able to recover the cost of their monthly subscription for the SpringBig platform within a couple of days of utilizing our offerings each month. In addition, we have successfully integrated with 19 of the industry s leading POS systems, which enables us to collect and analyze consumer data and feedback, providing our clients with actionable insights for marketing purposes, and we have also completed our initial POS system integration outside of the cannabis industry. Our ability to expand our relationships with customers, and their satisfaction in our product offerings and client service, are demonstrated by our category leading net revenue retention rate being consistently above 100 and having averaged in excess of 110 over the past three years. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Key Operating and Financial Metrics for a further discussion of net revenue retention rate. 
 
 In addition to the value provided through our platform, we believe that the quality of our client service and our responsiveness to clients provides us with a competitive advantage. Management believes that our established presence in the industry and personal one-on-one service philosophy enhances our ability to compete favorably in attracting and retaining clients. 
 
 We have a deep expertise of marketing regulation in the cannabis industry and the challenges faced by our clients. We entered the cannabis market in 2016 and have leveraged our management s expertise in loyalty programs and marketing automation from other sectors to solve the challenges faced by cannabis retailers and brands to engage with their customers and increase retention. We have designed specific campaign and communication solutions that comply with cannabis regulation and are rapidly implementable by our clients as they expand in the high growth and highly competitive cannabis industry. We are highly differentiated from our competitors in several ways. We have integrations with 19 POS providers in the cannabis market, and these integrations allow our clients to offer their consumers a seamless experience for points redemption and loyalty program enrollment. Additionally, we have invested, and continue to invest significantly in ensuring we have a robust, scalable business, with a particular emphasis on client success and engineering. While SpringBig does not obtain customers on behalf of our clients, our client success organization services each client from contract signing throughout their life with SpringBig, providing onboarding services, and on-going education and support. This team is also responsible for guiding our clients through the ever-changing regulatory environment. Our engineering team, primarily based in the U.S., makes up the largest percentage of our staff. The team is constantly working to enhance the platform with the addition of new features and functionality at a regular cadence to ensure we remain significantly ahead of our competitors in this regard. Additionally, after completing the onboarding process, SpringBig customers are assigned a dedicated client success manager who is responsible for overall account management, including monitoring campaign deliverability and providing information on strategic campaign and auto-connect usage. Our client support team is available for all inbound requests from 8am-8pm ET and services all North American time zones. 
 
 We are the highly regarded platform of choice to consolidate the highly fragmented cannabis technology ecosystem. As a leading provider of customer loyalty and marketing automation solutions to cannabis retailer and brands, we are well positioned to be a consolidator of a highly fragmented technology ecosystem. Our growth strategy is informed by our clients needs, and we have meaningful visibility into such needs as a result of the wealth of data our platform provides. We plan to 
 15 

create significant value by leveraging consumer purchasing and feedback data across multiple new vertical software offerings across loyalty, data analytics, and, when legally permissible, online ordering and payments. 
 
 We assembled a highly experienced senior management team to execute on our strategy. Our Chief Executive Officer and Founder, Jeffrey Harris, has over 35 years of deep industry experience and has successfully founded loyalty marketing businesses in the past. Our Chief Financial Officer, Paul Sykes, has over 20 years of experience as CFO of high-growth SaaS businesses in a public company environment. Our Chief Technology Officer, Navin Anand, has over 10 years of experience in leading large technology groups in SaaS and telecom organizations. 
 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 
 Our goal is to become the leading SaaS software platform to cannabis retailers and brands, providing data-driven loyalty, marketing and consumer buying experience solutions. In order to achieve our goal, we plan to implement the following organic and M A growth strategies along with expanding in keeping with the changing regulatory landscape in the U.S. 
 
 Expansion Within Existing Retailers and Brand Customers 

As of today, we service approximately 1,300 retailer and brand clients with approximately 3,000 retail locations, which is comprised of most of the largest multi-state cannabis companies and a significant number of single-state operators. Our excellent reputation in the cannabis market and comprehensive solutions offering provide us with the opportunity to expand our footprint and grow these accounts via up-selling and cross-selling. We grow alongside our clients via a flywheel effect as we benefit from the growth of their businesses and expansion of their customer base, which is, in turn, enabled by their use of our platform. We have a track record of using our comprehensive product offerings and results-driven proposition to grow our relationships with clients and drive revenue. 
 
 We also plan to grow our business by expanding accounts with existing clients that may not have initially leveraged our platform for all of their locations. Our clients realize significant returns on investment and increased customer engagement, which has historically driven the success of our land and expand strategy. In addition, we expect to further our penetration with existing clients as they enter new markets, as our platform will touch more end-customers and gather more actionable data. 
 
 Further Penetrate Existing Markets 
 
 We plan to leverage and expand our existing sales force and marketing strategy to acquire additional cannabis retailers and brands as new clients. We have a successful track record of consistently adding new clients. As existing markets in legalized states expand and cannabis becomes more widely used, we believe our existing presence positions us to continue to gain market share. We believe that the continued growth of the cannabis market and evolution of regulation, both in terms of legalizing recreational and medical use cannabis (as described below) as well as regarding communications and advertisements, will drive further adoption of our platform. 
 
 16 

New Medical and Recreational Markets 
 
 As an increasing number of states in the U.S. legalize medical cannabis use or transition from medical to recreational cannabis use, a significant growth opportunity presents itself as the number of retailers, the consumer base and total spend all increase. We have historically been responsive as a first-mover into new medical and adult-use markets as they become legal, which gives us a significant competitive advantage to grow as state by state legalization evolves. We believe our deep understanding of the space coupled with our experienced sales force will enable us to quickly enter and execute in new markets and capture new business, which we can sustain via our exceptional product offerings. SpringBig entered the Canadian market in February 2021 through acquiring a Canadian business and we now provide full-servicing of our Canadian clients through our Toronto office. Although the revenues derived from the Canadian market in 2022 were immaterial, we are experiencing significant growth in the number of clients as the market continues to develop in Canada. 
 
 New Features and Functionality 
 
 We intend to continue investing in and developing our technology capabilities to offer our clients more advanced and comprehensive solutions. This will help enable us to extend our platform beyond our core offering which presents significant upsell opportunities. Some of these future offerings may include e-commerce, data and analytics, programmatic advertising, budtender education, payments (when legally permissible), product referral automation, and commerce automation (in-store kiosks). 
 
 Monetization of GMV 
 
 Approximately 7.5 billion of GMV is currently processed by the retailers that are on our platform. Through our entrenched position with retailers delivering mission critical messaging and loyalty solutions, we believe we are well-positioned to monetize a portion of GMV through payments and reward points. We plan to capture a portion of this spend through the SpringBig rewards wallet solution that our current clients utilize to manage their rewards program. Additionally, with over 40 million consumers and 19 POS integrations, we have access to a wealth of data that drive our proprietary insights. While these integrations assist in our ability to offer feedback to our customers, these commercial relationships do not represent a material amount of SpringBig s revenues, constitute a material amount of shared revenue, or constitute a material distribution source for SpringBig. However, we believe there is a path to monetize this data and create new revenue opportunities. 
 
 Brands 
 
 We expect brand revenue to drive a significant part of our growth going forward, and we are focused on capturing a portion of the over 5,000 brands that are in the cannabis space today. We rolled out the SpringBig brands offering in 2020, which has allowed us to grow spend across our client base. As the cannabis industry matures, we believe the continued proliferation of branded products will meaningfully drive their sales and marketing spend to the cannabis industry, with a trajectory that will surpass that of retailers in the future. As brands grow in scale and become nationally recognizable, we are well positioned to capture a significant share of the communication, engagement and loyalty dollars spent by brands and therefore Brands clients will start to represent a more significant proportion of SpringBig s total revenue. 
 
 M A 
 
 As a leading provider of customer loyalty and marketing automation solutions to cannabis retailer and brands, we have differentiated insights into the critical needs of the cannabis industry. Our M A strategy is informed by our client feedback, and we have identified the following needs that guide our M A strategic focus: 
 
 Cannabis retailers and brands lack actionable data and need better insight and recommendation technology. 
 
 Purpose-built marketing technology and targeting is necessary to improve consumer acquisition and retention. 
 
 The cannabis industry lacks robust fintech solutions, including processing of payments and consumer credit. 
 
 The cannabis technology space is highly fragmented, and we believe that we are well positioned to be a leading consolidator. We intend to explore M A opportunities in adjacencies that address our client s critical needs, and enable us to expand our product and service offerings, expand our geographic reach, increase our scale and realize material revenue and cost synergies. We are well positioned to consolidate the technology ecosystem with clear strategic rationale and value creation across loyalty, data analytics, online ordering, and, when legally permissible, POS/payment opportunities. 

17 

Sales 
 
 Our sales team is primarily based out of our Boca Raton, Florida headquarters with additional team members in our Canadian office in Toronto, Ontario and client services support staff at both these locations and in Seattle, Washington to assist new and existing clients. As of December 31, 2022, of the 126 people we employed, 64 individuals focused exclusively on selling and client service. Our sales force is well versed in our offerings, including consumer facing, retailer platform, and brand platform products. 
 
 As we continue to scale, we expect to continue to recognize significant efficiencies with our sales effort. Currently, our primary focus revolves around converting inbound leads, as cannabis retailers and brands look to join our platform upon beginning their operations. We also utilize state cannabis regulators lists of licensees to internally generate client leads. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 Similar to our sales efforts, we expect to continue to achieve marketing efficiency as we scale our business. We believe our platform s scale and strong customer loyalty market themselves, however we still intend to implement a variety of marketing efforts to attract additional retailers and brands not yet on our platform. Marketing efforts include multiple strategies designed to attract and retain both retail and brands subscribers. 
 
 Technology 
 
 We invested significantly to create a fully integrated technology stack that connects the three categories of participants in the cannabis ecosystem, namely the customers, retailers, and brands. By partnering with other industry leaders through various data analytics, e-commerce and POS platforms, we help to enhance engagement, analytics, and create a truly omni-channel experience for our clients and their customers. 
 
 Our suite of SaaS-based solutions provides cutting-edge technologies, and we continue to be the database of record for over a thousand cannabis businesses, with customer profiles being created first through our loyalty platform, and through integration of our platform with POS systems, where we can collect crucial data points through POS transactions. Below is a summary of how our technology supports our clients: 
 
 Powerful POS Integration Sync: Powerful POS integrations allow us to provide real-time redemptions for both loyalty rewards and promotional offers, real-time campaign analytics, and deep transaction data. 
 
 Customizable Permission Settings: Our platform enables clients to establish their own levels of user permissions for their retail and marketing staff to ensure the correct people have the correct access to data and marketing tools. 
 
 Datahub: The robust data warehouse provides clients with access to all of their data and allows them to create their own insights. 
 
 Insight Data Dashboards: Our customizable dashboards help clients conveniently visualize the most meaningful data and organize it for easy review. 
 
 Budz: Our customer referral engine, allows retailers best customers to become brand ambassadors by referring new customers to their favorite stores. 
 
 Feedback by SpringBig: Our customer feedback tool allows retailers to capture post-transaction feedback about their store, products, and staff. 
 
 Autoconnect: Allow retailers to reach their consumers at critical stages during the consumer buying journey including win-back, abandon cart, and purchase behavior messaging. 
 
 Revenue Concentration 
 
 We have a diversified client base of approximately 1,300 clients with approximately 3,000 retail locations. No single client accounted for more than 11 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 11 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our top 10 clients accounted for 27 and 24 of total revenue over the same periods. In addition, our revenue is well-diversified across the U.S. and Canada. No single state or province generated more than 15 our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We do not currently generate a material amount of revenue in Canada. 

18 

Research Development 
 
 We conduct concerted product development efforts focused on implementing new, value-add features to our platform, as well as developing new solutions that increase functionality, data-driven actionable insights and enhance ease of use throughout the customer journey. We expect our research and development expenses to remain consistent as a percentage of total revenue with increased growth continuing to support product enhancements. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 We have not experienced a significant impact on our results due to seasonality. However, our clients may experience seasonality in their businesses that, in turn, can impact the revenue generated from them. Our business may become more seasonal in the future and historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of future performance. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our direct competitors for various elements of our offerings and services include businesses both within and outside of the cannabis industry that are specifically focused on marketing and customer engagement, commerce and POS solutions or SaaS software, as well as companies focused on technology solutions focused on the cannabis industry. 
 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market include: the scale of our operations in all states that have legalized cannabis in some form and the ability to be a first mover in future new markets, the ability to offer comprehensive services across customer relationship management CRM and marketing software, the ability to support client promotions and the building of loyalty with end-consumers and increase retention, the ability to collect and analyze consumer data and feedback (and providing clients with actionable insights for marketing purposes), and effective communications and marketing to end-customers. We believe we compete favorably based on these factors. 
 
 For additional information about the risks to our business related to competition, see the section captioned Risk Factors Risks Related to SpringBig s Business and Industry We currently face intense competition in marketing and advertising services available to our clients, and we expect competition to further intensify as the cannabis industry continues to evolve. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are valuable assets that are important to our business. In our efforts to safeguard our copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other intellectual property rights worldwide, we rely on a combination of federal, state, common law and international rights in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 We have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we register our brand names in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we have been issued trademark registrations in the United States, covering among other marks, SpringBig. 
 
 We also rely on non-disclosure agreements, invention assignment agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, or license agreements with employees, independent contractors, consumers, software providers and other third parties, which protect and limit access to and use of our proprietary intellectual property. 
 
 Though we rely, in part, upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees, as well as the functionality and frequent enhancements to our platform are larger contributors to our success in the marketplace. 
 
 Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For more information, see the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to SpringBig s Intellectual Property. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 126 full-time employees, including employees focused on engineering, client success, corporate development, brands, digital message and general and administrative and professional services. We also engage independent contractors to supplement our permanent workforce. 114 employees are located in the United States and 12 employees are located in Canada. 
 
 We believe that being able to attract and retain top talent is both a strategic advantage for SpringBig and necessary to realize our objectives for our business. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced any work stoppages. 

19 

Corporate Information 
 
 We were originally formed on January 24, 2020 under the name Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation, as a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company, incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On June 13, 2022, in anticipation of the consummation of the previously announced business combination among Tuatara, Merger Sub and Legacy SpringBig, Tuatara changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and it then changed its name to SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Our principal executive office is located at 621 NW 53rd Street, Suite 260, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. Our telephone number is (800) 772-9172. Our website address is www.springbig.com. Information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the risks, uncertainties and other information set forth in the reports and other materials filed or furnished by us with the SEC. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We have a relatively short operating history in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to maintain profitability in the future. 
 
 We have a relatively short operating history in a quickly evolving industry that may not develop as we anticipate, if at all. Both our relatively short operating history and the pace of dramatic change in the cannabis industry, and the complex, multiple and sometimes conflicting regulatory regimes applicable to it, makes it difficult to assess our future prospects, and you should evaluate our business in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter as the industry continues to evolve. While our revenue has grown in recent periods, this growth may not be sustainable due to a number of factors, including the maturation of our business, increased competition and the eventual decline in the number of new major geographic markets in which the sale of cannabis is permitted and to which we have not already expanded. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain profitability. Additionally, we expect our costs to increase in future periods as we expend substantial financial and other resources on, among other things: 
 
 sales and marketing, including continued investment in our current marketing efforts and future marketing initiatives; 
 successfully compete with existing and future providers of other forms of marketing and customer engagement; 
 managing complex, disparate and rapidly evolving regulatory regimes imposed by U.S. and Canadian federal, state and provincial, local and other non-U.S. governments around the world applicable to cannabis and cannabis-related businesses; 
 executing our growth strategy; 
 hiring, integrating and retaining talented sales and other personnel; 
 expansion domestically and internationally in an effort to increase our client usage, client base, retail locations we serve, and our sales to our clients; 
 development of new products and services, and increased investment in the ongoing development of our existing products and services; 
 continuing to invest in scaling our business, particularly around client success and engineering; 
 avoiding interruptions or disruptions in our platform or services; and 
 general administration, including a significant increase in legal and accounting expenses related to public company compliance, continued compliance with various regulations applicable to cannabis industry businesses and other work arising from the growth and maturity of our company. 
 
 These expenditures may not result in additional revenue or the growth of our business. If we fail to continue to grow revenue or to sustain profitability, the market price of our securities could decline, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 20 

If we do not successfully develop and deploy new software, platform features or services to address the needs of our clients, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 Our success has been based on our ability to design software, platform features and services that address the needs of our clients. We spend substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing new technologies and enhanced versions of existing platform features, as well as new features, to meet our clients rapidly evolving needs. As consumers and clients demand comprehensive data analysis from platforms such as us, in conjunction with their point-of-sale providers, our ability to integrate with a client s POS system and other third party technology integrations may become increasingly important. If we are unable to arrange or complete new integrations, or improve our existing integrations, we may lose market share to competitors. There is no assurance that enhancements to our software, platform features or new services or capabilities will be compelling to our clients or gain market acceptance. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate market demand or if we fail to develop our software, platform features or services in a manner that satisfies client preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing clients or increase demand for our services. 
 
 The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing service offerings could make our platforms obsolete or adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that delay or prevent our development, introduction or implementation of new platforms, platform features or capabilities, or cause errors to arise with our existing software. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and capabilities, and there can be no assurance that new platforms, platform features, or capabilities will be released according to schedule. Any delays or other disruptions could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by consumers or suppliers brought against us, any of which could harm our business. Moreover, the design and development of new platforms or new platform features and capabilities to our existing platform may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If consumers in the market do not widely adopt our new platforms, platform features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 If we fail to retain our existing clients and consumers or to acquire new clients and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue may decrease and our business may be harmed. 
 
 We compete in a dynamic, innovative, and fairly new market, which we expect will continue to evolve rapidly. We believe that our success is dependent on our ability to continue identifying and anticipating the needs of our clients and, in turn, their consumers, and retaining our existing clients and adding new clients. While we have historically been able to grow and retain our client base, we may grow more slowly than we expect or than we have grown in the past. Our ability to retain clients depends in part on our ability to create and maintain high levels of client satisfaction, which we may not always be capable of providing, including for reasons outside of our control. Any decrease in client satisfaction or other change negatively affecting our ability to retain clients could result in a rapid, concentrated impact to our results going forward. Therefore, our failure to retain existing clients, even if such losses are offset by an increase in revenue resulting from the acquisition of new clients, could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 If we fail to expand effectively into new markets, our revenue and business will be adversely affected. 
 
 While a key part of our business strategy is to add clients in our existing geographic markets, we intend to expand our operations into new markets if and as cannabis continues to be legalized in new markets. Any such expansion places us in competitive markets with which we may be unfamiliar, requires us to analyze the potential applicability of new and potentially complicated regulations regarding the usage, sale and marketing of cannabis, and involves various risks, including the need to invest significant time and resources and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years, if at all. As a result of such expansion, we may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter new markets successfully. In attempting to establish a presence in new markets, we expect to incur significant expenses and face various other challenges, such as expanding our compliance efforts to cover those new markets. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues sufficiently to offset these expenses. Our current and any future expansion plans will require significant resources and management attention. 
 
 We have a significant working capital deficiency and a history of losses, may need to raise additional funds to meet our obligations and sustain our operations and may not achieve profitability in the future. There is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 SpringBig is an early-stage company with a history of losses. We incurred net losses of 13.1 million and 5.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficiency of 1.5 million and we may need to raise additional funds to meet our obligations and sustain our 
 21 

operations. In their report for the year ended December 31, 2022, our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, based on the factors described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity Capital Resources, as of December 31, 2022, we concluded that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue to operate as a going concern for the 12 months following the issuance of the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. SpringBig may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We may continue to incur net losses in the future, and such losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We will need to generate and sustain higher revenue for our business generally, and achieve greater scale and generate greater operating cash flows in future periods in order to achieve and maintain profitability. 
 
 Our efforts to grow our business may be more costly than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue sufficiently to offset our higher operating expenses. We may continue to incur significant losses, and we may not achieve or maintain future profitability, due to a number of reasons, including the risks described in this report, unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, and other unknown events. Furthermore, if our future growth and operating performance fail to meet investor or analyst expectations, or if we have future negative cash flow or losses resulting from our investment in acquiring customers or expanding our operations, this could make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and our future prospects and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Federal law enforcement may deem our clients to be in violation of U.S. federal law, and, in particular the CSA. A change in U.S. federal policy on cannabis enforcement and strict enforcement of federal cannabis laws against our clients would undermine our business model and materially affect our business and operations. 
 
 U.S. federal law, and more specifically the CSA, proscribes the cultivation, processing, distribution, sale, advertisement and possession of cannabis. As a result, U.S. federal law enforcement authorities, in their attempt to regulate the illegal or unauthorized production, distribution, promotion, sale, possession, or use of cannabis, may seek to bring criminal actions against our clients under the CSA. If our clients are found to be violating U.S. federal law relating to cannabis, they may be subject not only to criminal charges and convictions, but also to forfeiture of property, significant fines and penalties, disgorgement of profits, administrative sanctions, cessation of business activities, or civil liabilities arising from proceedings initiated by either the U.S. government or private citizens. Any of these actions or consequences on our clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition, or could force us to cease operations, and as a result, our investors could lose their entire investment. 
 
 Further, to the extent any law enforcement actions require us to respond to subpoenas, or undergo search warrants, for client records, cannabis businesses could elect to cease using our products and services. Until the U.S. federal government changes the laws with respect to cannabis, and particularly if the U.S. Congress does not extend the omnibus spending bill s protection of state medical cannabis programs, described below under the caption Cannabis remains illegal under federal law, and therefore, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding cannabis would likely result in our inability to execute our business plan, to apply to all state cannabis programs, U.S. federal authorities could more strictly enforce current federal prohibitions and restrictions. An increase in federal enforcement against companies licensed under state cannabis laws could negatively impact the state cannabis industries and, in turn, our business, operating results, financial condition, brand and reputation. 
 
 Some of our clients currently and in the future may not be in compliance with licensing and related requirements under applicable laws and regulations. Allowing unlicensed or noncompliant businesses to access our platform and services, or allowing businesses to use our solutions in a noncompliant manner, may subject us to legal or regulatory enforcement and negative publicity, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition, brand and reputation. In addition, allowing businesses that engage in false or deceptive advertising practices to use our solutions may subject us to negative publicity, which could have similar adverse impacts on us. 
 
 While we have instituted policies and procedures in connection with the verification and periodic screening of the licensing status of our clients operating cannabis retail businesses (and our contracts with clients generally provide for client representations relating to compliance, termination of services in the case of client noncompliance, and client indemnification obligations), some of our clients currently and in the future may not be in compliance with licensing and related requirements under applicable state laws and regulations. There could be legal enforcement actions against unlicensed or insufficiently licensed entities selling cannabis, which could negatively impact us. 
 
 Any legal or regulatory enforcement against us based on our platform, the content provided by clients, the marketing campaigns created by clients on our platform or noncompliance by our clients with licensing and other legal requirements, could subject us to various risks, including monetary penalties and/or required changes to our platform or business model, and would likely cause us to experience negative publicity. Any of these developments could materially and adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition, brand, and reputation. 
 
 22 

We generally do not, and cannot, ensure that our clients will conduct their business activities in a manner compliant with the complex, disparate and constantly evolving regulations and requirements affecting the legal cannabis industry. As a result, federal, state, provincial or local government authorities may seek to bring criminal, administrative or regulatory enforcement actions against our clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial conditions, or could force us to cease operations. 
 
 While our solutions provide features to support our clients compliance with certain regulations and other legal requirements applicable to the cannabis industry, and we have policies and procedures regarding the verification and periodic screening of the licensing status of our clients, we generally do not, and cannot, ensure that at all times our clients will conduct their business activities in a manner compliant with such regulations and requirements, in whole or in part. Their legal noncompliance could result in regulatory and even criminal actions against them, which could lead to a material adverse impact on our business and operating results or financial condition, and as a result, our investors could lose their entire investment. For additional information, see the other risk factors in this section, including Some of our clients currently and in the future may not be in compliance with licensing and related requirements under applicable laws and regulations. Allowing unlicensed or noncompliant businesses to access our platform and services, or allowing businesses to use our solutions in a noncompliant manner, may subject us to legal or regulatory enforcement and negative publicity, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition, brand and reputation. In addition, allowing businesses that engage in false or deceptive advertising practices to use our solutions may subject us to negative publicity, which could have similar adverse impacts on us. 
 
 Our business is dependent on U.S. state laws and regulations and Canadian federal and provincial laws and regulations pertaining to the cannabis industry. 
 
 Although the federal CSA classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance, many U.S. states have legalized cannabis to varying degrees. In addition, the enactment of the Cannabis Act legalized the commercial cultivation and processing of cannabis for medical and adult-use purposes in Canada and created a federal legal framework for controlling the production, distribution, promotion, sale and possession of cannabis. The Cannabis Act also provides the provinces and territories of Canada with the authority to regulate other aspects of adult-use cannabis, such as distribution, sale, minimum age requirements (subject to the minimum set forth in the Cannabis Act), places where cannabis can be consumed, and a range of other matters. The governments of every Canadian province and territory have implemented regulatory regimes for the distribution and sale of cannabis for recreational purposes. In addition, subsection 23(1) of the Cannabis Act provides that it is prohibited to publish, broadcast or otherwise disseminate, on behalf of another person, with or without consideration, any promotion that is prohibited by a number of sections of the Cannabis Act. The Cannabis Act therefore includes provisions that could apply to certain aspects of our business, both directly to the solutions we provide and indirectly on account of any noncompliance by those who use our offerings. However, as the Cannabis Act has been recently enacted, there is a lack of available interpretation, application and enforcement of the provisions that may be relevant to digital platforms such as ours, and as a result, it is difficult to assess our potential exposure under the Cannabis Act. 
 
 Laws and regulations affecting the cannabis industry in U.S. states and Canada are continually changing. Any change or even the speed of changes could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan, and could detrimentally affect our operations, revenue, and profitability. The commercial cannabis industry is still a young industry, and we cannot predict the impact of the compliance regime to which it may be subject. We will incur ongoing costs and obligations related to regulatory compliance, and such costs may prove to be material. Failure to comply with regulations may result in additional costs for corrective measures, penalties or restrictions on our operations. In addition, changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof, or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to our operations or increased compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Given the concentration of our revenue from the sale of access to our platforms and services, any increase in the stringency of any applicable laws, including U.S. state, or Canadian federal, provincial or territorial, laws and regulations relating to cannabis, or any escalation in the enforcement of such existing laws and regulations against the current or putative cannabis industry within any jurisdiction, could negatively impact the profitability or viability of cannabis businesses in such affected jurisdictions, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 In addition, although we have not yet been required to obtain any cannabis license as a result of existing cannabis regulations, it is possible that cannabis regulations may be enacted in the future that will require us to obtain such a cannabis license or otherwise seek to substantially regulate our business. U.S. and Canadian federal, state, provincial, local and other non-U.S. jurisdictions cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. Our failure to adequately manage the risk associated with future regulations and adequately manage future compliance requirements may adversely affect our business, our status as a reporting company and our public listing. Further, any adverse pronouncements from political leaders or regulators about businesses related to the legal cannabis industry could adversely affect the price of our securities. 
 
 23 

Because our business is dependent, in part, upon continued market acceptance of cannabis by consumers, any negative trends in the market could adversely affect our business operations. 
 
 We are dependent on public support, continued market acceptance and the proliferation of consumers in the state-level and Canadian legal cannabis markets. While we believe that the market and opportunities in the space will continue to grow, we cannot predict the future growth rate or size of the market. Any downturns in, or negative outlooks on, the cannabis industry may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Expansion of our business is dependent on the continued legalization of cannabis. 
 
 Expansion of our business is, in part, dependent upon continued legislative authorization, including by voter initiatives and referenda, of cannabis in various jurisdictions worldwide, including the legalization of recreational and medical use cannabis. Any number of factors could slow, halt, or even reverse progress in this area. Progress for the industry, while encouraging, is not assured. While there may be ample public support for legislative action in a particular jurisdiction, numerous factors could impact the legislative process, including lobbying efforts by opposing stakeholders as well as legislators disagreements about how to legalize cannabis as well as the interpretation, implementation, and enforcement of applicable laws or regulations. 
 
 Any one of these factors could slow or halt the legalization of cannabis, which would negatively impact our ability to expand our business. Additionally, the expansion of our business also depends on jurisdictions in which cannabis is currently legalized not narrowing, limiting or repealing existing laws legalizing and regulating cannabis, or altering the regulatory landscape in a way that diminishes the viability of cannabis businesses in those jurisdictions. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent upon our brand recognition and reputation, and any erosion or degradation of our brand recognition or reputation would likely adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We believe that our business is highly dependent on the SpringBig brand identity and our reputation, which is critical to our ability to attract and retain clients and consumers. We also believe that the importance of our brand recognition and reputation will continue to increase as competition in the markets in which we operate continues to develop. Our success in this area will depend on a wide range of factors, some of which are within our control and some of which are not. The factors affecting our brand recognition and reputation that are within our control include the following: 
 
 the efficacy of our marketing efforts; 
 our ability to maintain a high-quality, innovative, and error- and bug-free platform and similarly high quality client service; 
 our ability to maintain high satisfaction among clients (and our clients consumers); 
 the quality and perceived value of our platforms and services; 
 successfully implementing and developing new features and revenue streams; 
 our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce trademarks and other indicia of origin that are valuable to our brand; 
 our ability to successfully differentiate our platforms and services from competitors offerings; 
 our ability to continue to integrate with POS systems; 
 our ability to provide our clients with accurate and actionable insights from the consumer data and feedback collected through our platform; 
 our compliance with laws and regulations; 
 our ability to address any environmental, social, and governance expectations of our various stakeholders; 
 our ability to provide client support; and 
 any actual or perceived data breach or data loss, or misuse or perceived misuse of our platforms. 
 
 In addition, our brand recognition and reputation may be affected by factors that are outside our control, such as: 
 
 actions of competitors or other third parties; 
 consumers experiences with retailers or brands using our platform; 
 public perception of cannabis and cannabis-related businesses; 
 positive or negative publicity, including with respect to events or activities attributed to us, our employees, partners or others associated with any of these parties; 
 interruptions, delays or attacks on our platforms; and 
 litigation or regulatory developments. 
 24 

Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity from one or more of the factors listed above may reduce demand for our platform and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, any attempts to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand may be costly and time-consuming, and such efforts may not ultimately be successful. 
 
 We currently face intense competition in marketing and advertising services available to our clients, and we expect competition to further intensify as the cannabis industry continues to evolve. 
 
 The cannabis marketing and software services market is rapidly evolving and is currently characterized by intense competition, due in part to relatively low barriers to entry. We expect competition to further intensify in the future as cannabis continues to be legalized and regulated, new technologies are developed and new participants enter the cannabis CRM and marketing solutions market. Competitors for individual components of our service platforms include businesses both within and outside of the cannabis industry. These include businesses focused on marketing and customer engagement, commerce and POS solutions, and SaaS or other technology solutions for brands and retailers. In addition, if legal market for cannabis becomes more accepted and/or the regulatory regime for cannabis evolves, it may eliminate existing barriers preventing our clients from using traditional marketing and advertising channels. This could result in increased competition in our industry from both products and solutions offered by internet search engines and advertising networks, like Google, social media platforms, like Instagram and Facebook, various other newspaper, television, media companies, outdoor billboard advertising, and online merchant platforms, as well as new participants entering into the cannabis CRM and marketing services market. Such potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than existing market participants. Additionally, as consumers and cannabis industry clients demand richer data, integrations with other cannabis industry participants such as point-of-sale providers may become increasingly important. If we are unable to complete such new integrations as quickly as our competitors, or improve our existing integrations based on legacy systems, we may lose market share to such competitors. Our current and future competitors may also enjoy other competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, more varied or more focused offerings, better market acceptance, and larger marketing budgets. 
 
 Additionally, as the legalization of cannabis continues, cannabis cultivators, product manufacturers and distributors could experience consolidation as existing cannabis businesses seek to obtain greater market share and purchasing power and new entrants seek to establish a significant market presence. Consolidation of the cannabis markets could reduce the size of our potential client base and give remaining clients greater bargaining or purchasing power. This may in turn erode the prices for access to our services and platform and result in decreased margins. Further, heightened competition between cannabis businesses could ultimately have a negative impact on the viability of individual market participants, which could reduce or eliminate their ability to purchase our services and solutions. 
 
 If we are unable to compete effectively for any of these reasons, we may be unable to maintain our operations or develop our products and solutions, and as a result our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our brand, business and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 We have experienced rapid organic growth in our operations, which places substantial demands on management and our operational infrastructure. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we expect we will be required to improve existing, and implement new systems, procedures and controls including, among others, financial and operational systems. We will also be required to expand our finance, administrative and operations staff. We intend to continue making substantial investments in our sales, service and marketing workforce. As we continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a significant number of new employees, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our existing corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, teamwork and a passion for our products and clients. In addition, our revenue may not grow at the same rate as the expansion of our business. There can be no assurance that our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations or that management will be able to hire, train, retrain, motivate and manage required personnel. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, the quality of our platform, efficiency of our operations, and management of our expenses could suffer, which could negatively impact our brand, business, profitability and operating results. 
 
 The growth of our business depends on our ability to accurately predict consumer trends, successfully offer new services, improve existing services and expand into new markets. 
 
 Our growth depends, in part, on our ability to successfully offer new platforms, products and services and improve and reposition our existing platforms and services to meet the requirements of our clients and their customers. This, in turn, depends on our ability to predict and respond to evolving consumer trends, demands and preferences. Our strategy is based on certain key trends and the projected growth of our key markets. However, historical trends may not be indicative of future trends and 
 25 

forecasts or estimated growth rates may not be accurate, in whole or part, or ever materialize. Further, underlying markets could decline, overall growth rates in our product categories could be slower than anticipated. 
 
 The offering of innovative new platforms, products and services and expansion into new offerings involves considerable costs. Any new platform, product or service offering may not generate sufficient consumer interest and sales to become profitable or to cover the costs of its development and promotion and, as a result, may reduce our operating income. In addition, any such unsuccessful effort may adversely affect our brand and reputation. If we are unable to anticipate, identify, develop or market new offerings, that respond to changes in consumer requirements and preferences, or if our new offerings fail to gain consumer acceptance, we may be unable to grow our business as anticipated, our sales may decline and our margins and profitability may decline or not improve. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to recruit, train, retain and motivate key personnel, we may not achieve our business objectives. 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to recruit, train, retain and motivate key personnel, including our CEO, Jeffrey Harris, our CFO, Paul Sykes, our CTO, Navin Anand, and certain other key members of management. Competition for qualified personnel in the technology industry is intense. Additionally, we face challenges in attracting, retaining and motivating highly qualified personnel due to our relationship to the cannabis industry, which is rapidly evolving and has varying levels of social acceptance. Any failure to attract, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel could materially harm our operating results and growth prospects. 
 
 If our current marketing model is not effective in attracting new clients, we may need to employ higher-cost sales and marketing methods to attract and retain clients, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 We use our sales team to build relationships with our client base. Our sales team builds and maintains relationships with clients primarily through phone, email and other virtual contact, which is typically designed to allow us to cost-effectively service a large number of clients. We may need to employ more resource-intensive sales methods, such as increasing sales teams, to continue to attract and retain clients, particularly as we increase the number of our clients and our client base employs more sophisticated marketing operations, strategies and processes. 
 
 We have experience increased spending in connection with growing our sales, service and marketing operation and we expect to incur higher sales and marketing expenses, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We may be unable to scale and adapt our existing technology and network infrastructure in a timely or effective manner to ensure that our platform is accessible, which would harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 
 It is critical to our success that clients and consumers within our geographic markets be able to access our platform at all times. We may experience service disruptions, outages or other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, capacity constraints, and distributed denial of service, or DdoS, fraud or security attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the availability of our platform, especially during peak usage times and as our products become more complex or dependent on integration with third parties, or as usage or traffic increases. If our platform is unavailable when our clients (or their consumers) attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, they may seek other solutions and may seek to cancel and not renew subscriptions for our services. We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to enable rapid releases of new features and products. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, respond adequately to service disruptions, upgrade our systems as needed or continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results would be harmed. 
 
 We expect to continue making significant investments in the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform. We may experience difficulties with the development of our platform that could delay or prevent the implementation of new solutions and enhancements. Software development involves a significant amount of time and resources for our product development team, and we may not be able to continue making those investments in the future. 
 
 To the extent we are not able to continue successfully improving and enhancing our platform, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our platform could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. 
 
 26 

We update our platform on a frequent basis. Despite efforts to test our updates, errors, failures or bugs may not be found in our platform until after it is deployed to our clients. We have discovered and expect we will continue to discover errors, failures and bugs in our platform and anticipate that certain of these errors, failures and bugs will only be discovered and remediated after deployment to clients. Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our platform could result in negative publicity, security incidents, such as data breaches, government inquiries, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our platform, loss of competitive position, or claims by clients for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for client relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. 
 
 We implement bug fixes and upgrades as part of our regular system maintenance, which may lead to system downtime. Even if we are able to implement the bug fixes and upgrades in a timely manner, any history of inaccuracies in the data we collect for our clients, or unauthorized access or damage to, or the loss, acquisition, or inadvertent release or exposure of confidential or other sensitive data could cause our reputation to be harmed and result in claims against us, and cannabis businesses may elect not to purchase our products or, in the case of existing clients, renew their agreements with us or we may incur increased insurance costs. The costs associated with any material defects or errors in our software or other performance problems may be substantial and could harm our operating results and growth prospects. 
 
 A distributed denial of service attack, ransomware attack, security breach or unauthorized data access could impair or incapacitate our information technology systems and delay or interrupt service to our clients and consumers, harm our reputation, or subject us to significant liability. 
 
 We may become subject to DdoS attacks, a technique used by hackers to take an internet service offline by overloading its servers. In addition, ransomware attacks against businesses of all sizes are becoming increasingly common. Further, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Our platform may be subject to DdoS, ransomware or other cybersecurity attacks in the future and we cannot guarantee that applicable recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms and other procedures are or will be adequate to prevent network and service interruption, system failure or data loss. Moreover, our platform could be breached if vulnerabilities in our platform are exploited by unauthorized third parties or others. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently, and the size of DdoS attacks and the number and types of ransomware attacks are increasing. As a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or stop such attacks while they are occurring. A DdoS attack, ransomware attack or security breach could delay or interrupt service to our clients and consumers and may deter the utilization of our platform. 
 
 We also use information technology and security systems to maintain the physical security of our facilities and to protect our proprietary and confidential information, including that of our clients, consumers, and employees. Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access to our facilities or information systems, or viruses, loggers, malware, ransomware, or other malfeasant code in our data or software, could compromise this information or render our systems and data unusable. Additionally, we rely on third-party cloud-based providers and we are therefore dependent on the security systems of these providers. Any security breaches or other unauthorized access to our service providers facilities or systems, or viruses, loggers, malware, ransomware or other malfeasant code in their data or software, could expose us to information loss, and misappropriation of confidential information, and other security breaches. In addition, our employees, contractors, or other third parties with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent security measures in order to misappropriate personal information, confidential information or other data, or may inadvertently release or compromise such data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage security systems, or to obtain unauthorized access to data we or our contractors maintain, change frequently and are often not recognized until after an attack, we and our service providers may be unable to anticipate the techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. 
 
 Any actual or perceived DdoS attack, ransomware attack, security breach or other unauthorized access could damage our reputation and brand, result in decreased utilization of our platform, expose us to fines and penalties, government investigations, and a risk of litigation and possible liability, require us to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate any resulting problems and otherwise to remediate the incident, and require us to expend increased cybersecurity protection costs. We expect to incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent security breaches and other security-related incidents. Numerous state, federal and foreign laws and regulations require companies to notify individuals and/or regulatory authorities of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Any disclosures of security breaches, pursuant to these laws or regulations or otherwise, could lead to regulatory investigations and enforcement and negative publicity, and may cause our clients and consumers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. 
 
 Additionally, our discovery of any security breach or other security-related incident, or our provision of any related notice, may be delayed or be perceived to have been delayed. Any of these impacts or circumstances arising from an actual or perceived attack, breach or other unauthorized access could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, reputation and relationships with clients and consumers. 
 27 

Furthermore, while our errors and omissions insurance policies include liability coverage for certain of these matters, if we experienced a significant security incident, we could be subject to claims or damages that exceed our insurance coverage. We also cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 
 We rely upon cloud-based technologies provided by third parties, and technology systems and electronic networks supplied and managed by third parties, to operate our business, and interruptions or performance problems with these systems, technologies and networks may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We rely on technologies and services provided by third parties in order to host our cloud-based infrastructure that operates our business. If any of these services becomes unavailable or otherwise is unable to serve our requirements due to extended outages, interruptions, or facility closure, or because it is no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage finances could be interrupted and our operations otherwise could be disrupted or otherwise impacted until appropriate substitute services, if available, are identified, obtained, and implemented. 
 
 We do not control, or in some cases have limited control over, the operation of the data center facilities and infrastructure we use, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, cyberattack, terrorism and similar other events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, to adverse events caused by operator error, and to interruptions, data loss or corruption, and other performance problems due to various factors, including introductions of new capabilities, technology errors, infrastructure changes, DdoS attacks, or other security-related incidents. Changes in law or regulations applicable to data centers in various jurisdictions could also cause a disruption in service. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism or other act of malfeasance, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our platform operations and the loss, corruption of, unauthorized access to or acquisition of client or consumer data. 
 
 Our platform also depends on our ability to communicate through the public internet and electronic networks that are owned and operated by third parties. In addition, in order to provide our solutions on-demand and promptly, our computer equipment and network servers must be functional 24 hours per day, which requires access to telecommunications facilities managed by third parties and the availability of electricity, which we do not control. A severe disruption of one or more of these networks or facilities, including as a result of utility or third-party system interruptions, could impair our ability to process information and provide our solutions to our clients and consumers. 
 
 Any unavailability of, or failure to meet our requirements by, third-party data centers or other third-party technologies or services, or any disruption of the internet, utilities or the third-party networks or facilities that we rely upon, could impede our ability to make our platform accessible, harm our reputation, result in reduced traffic from consumers, cause us to issue refunds or credits to our clients, and subject us to potential liabilities. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, reputation and operating results. 
 
 The impact of global, regional or local economic and market conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our performance is subject to global economic conditions and economic conditions in one or more of our key markets, which impact spending by our clients and consumers. A majority of our clients access to capital, liquidity and other financial resources is constrained due to the regulatory restrictions applicable to cannabis businesses. As a result, these clients may be disproportionately affected by economic downturns. Clients may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our platform, especially during economic downturns. 
 
 Economic conditions may also adversely impact retail sales of cannabis. Declining retail sales of cannabis could result in our clients going out of business or deciding, to stop using our platform to conserve financial resources or move to different marketing solutions. Negative economic conditions may also affect third parties with whom we have entered into relationships and upon whom we depend in order to grow our business. 
 
 Furthermore, economic downturns could also lead to limitations on our ability to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms or at all, reduced liquidity, decreases in the market price of SpringBig s securities, decreases in the fair market 
 28 

value of our financial or other assets, and write-downs of and increased credit and collectability risk on our trade receivables, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Negative economic conditions may be created or exacerbated by catastrophic events or health crises, including, among others, re-occurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar wide-spread public health crises. 
 
 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business and impair our ability to provide our platform to clients and consumers, resulting in costs for remediation, client and consumer dissatisfaction, and other business or financial losses. 
 
 Our operations depend, in part, on our ability to protect our operations against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts and similar events. Despite precautions taken at our facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, spikes in usage volume or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our platform. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, our business could be harmed. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce revenue, subject us to liability and lead to decreased usage of our platform and decrease sales of our marketing services, any of which could harm our business. 
 
 SpringBig s operations and employees face risks related to health crises, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, that could adversely affect SpringBig s financial condition and operating results. These widespread public health events such as a pandemic could materially affect SpringBig s operations, including at SpringBig s headquarters or anywhere else SpringBig operates, and the business or operations of SpringBig s clients, consumers, partners or other third parties with whom SpringBig conducts business. 
 
 In connection with the recent COVID-19 pandemic, governments have, at various times, implemented significant measures intended to control the spread of the virus, including closures, quarantines, travel restrictions, health mandates and social distancing directives, and fiscal stimulus, and legislation designed to deliver monetary aid and other relief. In response to the risks posed by events like the COVID-19 pandemic and to comply with applicable governmental orders, SpringBig has taken active measures to promote the health and safety of our employees. These and other operational changes SpringBig has implemented or may implement in the future may negatively impact productivity and disrupt SpringBig s business. 
 
 To the extent that these restrictions are reinstated and/or remain in place, additional prevention and mitigation measures are implemented in the future, or there is uncertainty about the effectiveness of these or any other measures to contain or treat COVID-19 or other human public health contagions or hazards, there is likely to be an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, which could materially and adversely affect SpringBig s operations as well as SpringBig s relationships with clients and consumers. 
 
 Reinstating shelter-in-place orders and similar regulations promulgated in response to pandemics or other public health crises could impact the ability of SpringBig s clients to operate their businesses. Such events have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, a temporary closure or disruption of SpringBig s clients businesses, either due to government mandate or voluntary preventative measures. In the event of mandated business operations limitations, clients may not be able to withstand prolonged interruptions to their businesses, and may be forced to go out of business. Even if SpringBig s clients are able to continue to operate their businesses, many may operate with limited hours and capacity and other limitations. Any limitations on or disruptions or closures of SpringBig s clients businesses could in turn adversely affect SpringBig s business. Further, we may experience a decrease in new clients due to a lack of financial resources or a decline in new markets as businesses and financial markets deal with the impact of and efforts to curb pandemic events. Further, these conditions may impact our ability to access financial markets to obtain the necessary funding to expand our business as currently contemplated, which may adversely affect our liquidity and working capital. 
 
 The extent of COVID-19 s ultimate effects on SpringBig s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the steps taken to prevent its resurgence or further spread, all of which are still uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. Given the continuing uncertainty about the pandemic s continued effects, it is not currently possible to fully ascertain the overall ultimate impact of COVID-19 on SpringBig s business. However, if the pandemic reemerges and/or persists as a severe worldwide health crisis, the disease may harm SpringBig s business, and may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results may adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 
 You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we encounter in the uncertain and rapidly evolving market for our solutions. Because the cannabis CRM, marketing services and technology markets are new and 
 29 

evolving, predicting their future growth rate and size is difficult. This reduces our ability to accurately evaluate our future prospects and forecast quarterly or annual performance. In addition to the other risk factors discussed in this section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include: 
 
 our ability to attract new clients and retain existing clients; 
 our ability to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan our expenses; 
 the effects of increased competition on our business; 
 our ability to successfully expand in existing markets and successfully enter new markets; 
 the impact of global, regional or economic conditions; 
 the ability of licensed cannabis markets to successfully grow and outcompete illegal cannabis markets; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 our ability to maintain and effectively manage an adequate rate of growth; 
 our ability to maintain and increase traffic to our platform; 
 costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims and related judgments or settlements; 
 changes in governmental or other regulation affecting our business; 
 interruptions in platform availability and any related impact on our business, reputation or brand; 
 the attraction and retention of qualified personnel; 
 the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events and/or health crises (including COVID-19); and 
 the effectiveness of our internal controls. 
 
 Investors should not rely on outdated financial projections. 
 
 In connection with the business combination, we disclosed certain projections of SpringBig s potential financial performance in future years. As previously disclosed, in connection with the sale process, certain financial forecasts for fiscal years through 2024 were prepared by Legacy SpringBig s management and made available to Tuatara. Also, as previously disclosed, the projections were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or with a view toward complying with U.S. GAAP, the published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. Readers were cautioned not to rely on the prospective financial information because actual results are likely to differ materially from the prospective financial information. We reiterate our prior caution not to rely on the previously published and now outdated financial projections. We have not undertaken any obligation to publish any financial projections. 
 
 We may improve our products and solutions in ways that forego short-term gains. 
 
 We seek to provide the best experience for the clients who use our platform. Some of our changes may have the effect of reducing our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the benefits will ultimately improve our business and financial performance over the long term. Any short-term reductions in revenue or profitability could be greater than planned or the changes mentioned above may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We currently have clients across the United States and Canada using our platform. We anticipate growing our business, in part, by continuing to expand our foreign operations. As we continue our expansion, we may enter new foreign markets where we have limited or no experience marketing and deploying our platform. If we fail to launch or manage our foreign operations successfully, our business may suffer. 
 
 We are subject to industry standards, governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and any actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 
 We are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial, local and foreign governmental authorities, including those responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, anti-bribery laws, lobbying and election laws, securities laws and tax laws. These laws and regulations are subject to change over time and thus we must continue to monitor and dedicate resources to ensure continued compliance. 
 
 In addition, our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and foreign governmental agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Numerous foreign, federal and state 
 30 

laws and regulations govern collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of personally identifiable health information, including state privacy and confidentiality laws (including state laws requiring disclosure of breaches); federal and state consumer protection and employment laws; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA; and European and other foreign data protection laws. 
 
 We receive, store, process, and use personal information and other user content. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide, including in the United States, is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, as many new laws and regulations regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information, or PII, and other data have been adopted or are under consideration and existing laws and regulations may be subject to new and changing interpretations. In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use and dissemination of data. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA imposes significant additional requirements with respect to the collection of personal information from California residents. The CCPA, among other things, creates new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides new privacy rights to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. It remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to this legislation or how it will be interpreted. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, significantly modified the CCPA, which has resulted in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses. The CPRA created a new California state agency charged with enforcing state privacy laws, and there is uncertainty about potential enforcement actions that the new agency may take in the future. The effects of the CCPA and the CPRA remain far-reaching, and depending on final regulatory guidance and related developments, may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 
 We are also currently subject to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to additional U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations on advertising that are continuously evolving and developing, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or the TCPA, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, or the CAN-SPAM Act, and, at the state level, the CCPA (as described above), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2021, or VCDPA, and the Colorado Privacy Act, or CPA. Many states are discussing potentially adopting similar comprehensive privacy legislation and we expect many of these will be implemented over the course of the next few years. These laws and regulations directly impact our business and require ongoing compliance, monitoring and internal and external audits as they continue to evolve, and may result in ever-increasing public and regulatory scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Subsequent changes to data protection and privacy laws and regulations could also impact how we process personal information and, therefore, limit the effectiveness of our product offerings or our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic relationships that may involve the sharing of personal information. 
 
 Many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including Canada and other relevant jurisdictions where we conduct or may, in the future, conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of PII and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdiction. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual, such as names, email addresses and, in some jurisdictions, internet protocol addresses and other types of data. In Canada, the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, or PIPEDA, governs the collection, use and disclosure of PII in many provinces in Canada, and though it is silent with respect to territorial reach, the Federal Court of Canada has found that PIPEDA will apply to businesses established in other jurisdictions if there is a real and substantial connection between the organization s activities and Canada. Provincial privacy commissioners take a similar approach to the interpretation and application of provincial private-sector privacy laws equivalent to PIPEDA. Further, Canada has robust anti-spam legislation. Organizations sending commercial electronic messages to individuals must either have express consent from the individual in the prescribed form or the situation must qualify as an instance of implied consent or other authorization set out in Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation, or CASL. The penalties for non-compliance under CASL are significant and the regulator, the Canadian Radio- Television and Telecommunications Commission, is active with respect to enforcement. 
 
 Although we are working to comply with those federal, state, provincial and foreign laws and regulations, industry standards, governmental standards, contractual obligations and other legal obligations that apply to us, those laws, regulations, standards and obligations are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another, other requirements or legal obligations, our practices or the features of our applications or platform. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our contractors to comply with federal, state, provincial or foreign laws or regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations, or any actual or suspected security incident, whether or not resulting in loss of, unauthorized access to, or acquisition, alteration, destruction, release or transfer of PII or other data, may result in governmental enforcement actions and prosecutions, private litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity and could cause employees, clients and consumers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Any inability or perceived inability (even if unfounded) on our part to adequately address privacy, data protection, and information security concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, 
 31 

policies, industry standards, governmental standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, restrict our ability to utilize collected personal information, and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States, Canada and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations, or amendments or changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations, could impair our or our clients ability to collect, use, disclose or otherwise process information relating to employees or consumers, which could decrease demand for our applications, increase our costs and impair our ability to maintain and grow our client and consumer bases and increase revenue. Such laws and regulations may require us to implement privacy and security policies, permit users to access, correct and delete personal information stored or maintained by such companies, inform individuals of security breaches that affect their personal information, and, in some cases, obtain individuals consent to use PII or other data for certain purposes. In addition, a foreign government could require that any data collected in a country not be transferred or disseminated outside of that country, or impose restrictions or conditions upon such dissemination, and we may face difficulty in complying with any such requirements for certain geographic regions. Indeed, many privacy laws, such as those in force in Canada, already impose these requirements. If we fail to comply with federal, state, provincial and foreign data privacy laws and regulations, our ability to successfully operate our business and pursue our business goals could be harmed. Furthermore, due to our acceptance of credit cards, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (also known as the PCI-DSS ), which is designed to protect the information of credit card users. 
 
 In the event our determinations are challenged and found to have been incorrect, we may be subject to unfavorable publicity or claims by one or more state attorneys general, federal regulators, or private plaintiffs, any of which could damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Governmental regulation of the internet continues to develop, and unfavorable changes could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as federal, state, provincial and foreign laws specifically governing the internet. Existing and future laws and regulations, narrowing of any existing legal safe harbors, or previous or future court decisions may impede the growth of the internet or online products and solutions, and increase the cost of providing online products and solutions. These laws may govern, among other issues, taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, broadband residential internet access and the characteristics and quality of offerings. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the internet or online services. There is also a risk that these laws may be interpreted and applied in conflicting ways across jurisdictions, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current practices. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may limit our business activities, expose us to potential legal claims or cause us to spend significant resources on ensuring compliance, any of which could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Future investments in our growth strategy, including acquisitions, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are seeking to expand using both organic and M A growth strategies in keeping with the changing regulatory landscape in the U.S. Expanding accounts with existing clients, adding new clients, entering new markets, adding new features and functionality to our platform and/or acquisitions may involve significant investments of capital, time, resources and managerial attention. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement any new products or solutions. External factors, such as additional regulatory compliance obligations, may also affect the successful implementation of new products and solutions through our platform. 
 
 Additionally, we may make acquisitions that could be material to our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Our ability as an organization to successfully acquire and integrate technologies, services, platforms or businesses is unproven. Acquisitions involve many risks, including the following: 
 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our operating results, financial condition or cash flows because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 32 

we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us, and potentially across different cultures and languages in the event of a foreign acquisition; 
 the acquired business may not perform at levels and on the timelines anticipated by our management and/or we may not be able to achieve expected synergies; 
 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of sales for both us and the company we acquire due to uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of products or support from either company; 
 we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully sell any acquired products or services; 
 an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 
 potential strain on our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures; 
 potential known and unknown liabilities associated with an acquired company; 
 if we incur debt to fund such acquisitions, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; 
 the risk of impairment charges related to potential write-downs of acquired assets or goodwill in future acquisitions; 
 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity or convertible debt securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing equity holders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease; and 
 managing the varying intellectual property protection strategies and other activities of an acquired company. 
 
 We may not succeed in addressing these or other risks or any other problems encountered in connection with the integration of any acquired business. The inability to integrate successfully the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any acquired business, or any significant delay in achieving integration, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, causing dilution to our stockholders, restricting our operations or adversely affecting our ability to operate our business. 
 
 SpringBig may require additional financing to fund its operations or growth. In addition, we have substantial fixed expenses including rent and monthly principal and interests payments on the L1 Notes. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of SpringBig. We may need to raise additional capital and the funding provided by the L1 Notes and potentially available under the Cantor Equity Facility may not be sufficient or available in full. Such additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders. Further, the likelihood that our warrant holders will exercise their warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is dependent upon the trading price of our shares of common stock, which is currently below the applicable exercise price. If the trading price for our shares of common stock remains less than the applicable exercise price, we believe the warrant holders will be unlikely to exercise their warrants. If our need is due to unforeseen circumstances or material expenditures or if our operating results are worse than expected, then we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all, and these additional financings could cause further dilution to our stockholders. Any funds we raise may not be sufficient to enable us to continue to implement our long-term business strategy. Further, our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions, increasing interest rates and the recent disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States. Due to the current legal status of cannabis under U.S. federal law, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, difficulty attracting additional debt or equity financing. In addition, the current legal status of cannabis may increase the cost of capital now and in the future. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include equity conversion rights, covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, expending capital, or declaring dividends, or that impose financial covenants on us that limit our ability to achieve our business objectives. Debt financings may contain provisions, which, if breached, may entitle lenders to accelerate repayment of loans, and there is no assurance that we would be able to repay such loans in such an event or prevent the foreclosure of security interests granted pursuant to such debt financing. If we need but cannot raise additional capital on acceptable terms, then we may not be able to meet our business objectives and satisfy our financial obligations, our stock price may fall, and you may lose your investment. 
 
 Our obligations to the holder of the L1 Notes are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets, so if we default on those obligations, the noteholder could foreclose on, liquidate and/or take possession of our assets. If that were to happen, we could be forced to curtail, or even to cease, our operations. 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into the Notes and Warrants Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company, on June 14, 2022, issued the L1 Notes and the Investor Warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock 
 33 

of the Company at an exercise price of 12 per share. Simultaneously, Legacy SpringBig entered into a guaranty agreement to guarantee the Company s obligations under the L1 Notes and the Company and Legacy SpringBig entered into a security agreement, pursuant to which the Investor was granted a security interest in all of the assets of the Company and Legacy SpringBig to secure repayment of amounts due under the L1 Notes. As a result, if we default on our obligations under the L1 Note, the Investor could foreclose on its security interests and liquidate or take possession of some or all of the assets of the Company, Legacy SpringBig and its subsidiaries, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to curtail, or even to cease our operations. 
 
 Our notes and related agreements restrict our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing which may restrict our ability to grow and finance our operations and, further, no assurances can be made that we will receive additional cash proceeds from the exercise of the Investor Warrants. 
 
 The agreements related to the sale of the L1 Notes and Investor Warrants contain a number of restrictive covenants that may impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us while L1 Notes remain outstanding or unless the restrictions are waived by consent of each noteholder, including restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; incur liens or allow mortgages or other encumbrances; prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain other debt; pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our capital stock; sell assets or enter into or effect certain other transactions (including a reorganization, consolidation, dissolution or similar transaction or selling, leasing, licensing, transferring or otherwise disposing of assets of the Company or its subsidiaries); enter into variable rate transactions (exclusive of the Cantor Equity Facility); and adopt certain amendments to our governing documents, among other restrictions. In addition, the terms of the L1 Notes restrict our ability to issue additional equity capital under certain circumstances. A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the agreements governing our indebtedness could result in an event of default under these agreements. As a result of these restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct our business, unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns and/or unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The Company may not have the ability to prepay the L1 Notes prior to maturity except to the limited extent of proceeds from the Cantor Equity Facility to the extent available. 
 
 Further, while we could potentially receive substantial gross proceeds from the exercise of the Investor Warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all of the Investor Warrants, no assurances can be made that the Investor will elect to exercise any or all of such Investor Warrants and, accordingly, no assurance that we will receive any proceeds from the exercise of the Investor Warrants. We believe the likelihood that the Investor will exercise the Investor Warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is dependent upon the trading price of our shares of common stock, which is currently substantially below the 12.00 exercise price. If the trading price for our shares of common stock remains less than 12.00 per share (or the adjusted exercise price in the event of dilutive issuances), we believe the Investor will be unlikely to exercise its warrants. Accordingly, we may not receive cash proceeds with respect to the Investor Warrants and we are restricted in our ability to raise additional debt or equity financing. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and the Nasdaq stock exchange. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations and rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to potential adverse tax consequences both domestically and in Canada. 
 
 We are a Delaware corporation that is treated as a C-corporation for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. We are subject to taxes, such as income, payroll, sales, use, value-added, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and foreign tax liabilities are subject to various jurisdictional rules regarding the timing and allocation of revenue and expenses. Additionally, the amount of income taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we file and to changes in tax laws. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. From time to time, we may be subject to income and non-income tax audits. While we believe we have complied, and will continue to comply, with all applicable income tax laws, there can be no assurance that a governing tax authority will not have a different interpretation of the law and assess us with additional taxes. Should we be assessed with additional taxes, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, audits may require ongoing time and attention 
 34 

from our management, which could limit their ability to focus on other aspects of our business and impact our business in the future. 
 
 The ability of SpringBig to utilize net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is conditioned upon SpringBig attaining profitability and generating taxable income. SpringBig has incurred significant net losses since inception and it is anticipated that SpringBig will continue to incur significant losses. Additionally, SpringBig s ability to utilize net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, SpringBig had approximately 26.4 million of U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income, which can be carried forward indefinitely. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act included a reduction to the maximum deduction allowed for net operating losses generated in tax years after December 31, 2017 and the elimination of carrybacks of net operating losses. In addition, net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code, respectively, and similar provisions of state law. Under those sections of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. If SpringBig has experienced an ownership change at any time since its incorporation, SpringBig may already be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its existing net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset taxable income or tax liability. In addition, the business combination, and future changes in SpringBig s stock ownership, which may be outside of SpringBig s control, may trigger an ownership change. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit SpringBig s use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result, even if SpringBig earns net taxable income in the future, its ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset such taxable income or tax liability may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to SpringBig. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards or other factors could negatively impact our future effective tax rate. 
 
 Our future effective tax rate may be affected by such factors as changing interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for equity-based compensation, the impact of accounting for business combinations, changes in our international organization, and changes in overall levels of income before tax. In addition, in the ordinary course of our global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 
 
 Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot ensure that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations and compliance in multiple jurisdictions may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or operating results. 
 
 We are subject to the income tax laws of the United States and Canada. New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of our U.S. and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and foreign business operations, and our business and financial performance. In addition, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances, such as Section 280E of the Code, discussed below, could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. Furthermore, changes to the taxation of undistributed foreign earnings could change our future intentions regarding reinvestment of such earnings. The foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or operating results. Requirements as to taxation vary substantially among jurisdictions. Complying with the tax laws of these jurisdictions can be time consuming and expensive and could potentially subject us to penalties and fees in the future if we were to inadvertently fail to comply. If we were to inadvertently fail to comply with applicable tax laws, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Certain taxing authorities may successfully assert that SpringBig should have collected or that in the future SpringBig should collect sales and use or similar taxes for certain services which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We do not collect sales and use or similar taxes in the United States or Canada based on our determination that such taxes are not applicable to our platform. Based on the U.S. Supreme Court s ruling in South Dakota v. Wayfair , certain state taxing authorities may assert that SpringBig had economic nexus with their state and was required to collect sales and use or similar taxes with respect to certain past services that SpringBig has provided (or with respect to future services that SpringBig will provide), which could result in tax assessments and penalties and interest. A successful assertion that SpringBig should be collecting additional sales and use or similar taxes or remitting such sales and use or similar taxes directly to states or other jurisdictions could have an adverse effect on SpringBig and its business. 
 
 35 

Additional Risks Related to the Cannabis Industry 
 
 Cannabis remains illegal under federal law, and therefore, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding cannabis would likely result in our inability to execute our business plan. 
 
 Cannabis, other than hemp (defined by the U.S. government as Cannabis sativa L. with a THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight basis), is a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA. Even in states or territories that have legalized cannabis to some extent, the cultivation, possession, and sale of cannabis all violate the CSA and are punishable by imprisonment, substantial fines and forfeiture. Moreover, individuals and entities may violate federal law if they aid and abet another in violating the CSA, or conspire with another to violate the law, and violating the CSA is a predicate for certain other crimes, including money laundering laws and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the federal government has the authority to regulate and criminalize the sale, possession and use of cannabis, even for individual medical purposes, regardless of whether it is legal under state law. For many years, however, the U.S. government has not prioritized the enforcement of those laws against cannabis companies complying with state law and their vendors. No reversal of that policy of prosecutorial discretion is expected under the Biden administration, although prosecutions against state-legal entities cannot be ruled out. 
 
 On January 4, 2018, then U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memorandum for all U.S. Attorneys (the Sessions Memo rescinding certain past DOJ memoranda on cannabis law enforcement, including the Memorandum by former Deputy Attorney General James Michael Cole (the Cole Memo issued on August 29, 2013, under the Obama administration. Describing the criminal enforcement of federal cannabis prohibitions against those complying with state cannabis regulatory systems as an inefficient use of federal investigative and prosecutorial resources, the Cole Memo gave federal prosecutors discretion not to prosecute state law compliant cannabis companies in states that were regulating cannabis, unless one or more of eight federal priorities were implicated, including use of cannabis by minors, violence, or the use of federal lands for cultivation. The Sessions Memo, which remains in effect, states that each U.S. Attorney s Office should follow established principles that govern all federal prosecutions when deciding which cannabis activities to prosecute. As a result, federal prosecutors could and still can use their prosecutorial discretion to decide to prosecute even state-legal cannabis activities. Since the Sessions Memo was issued nearly three years ago, however, U.S. Attorneys have generally not prioritized the targeting of state law compliant entities. 
 
 Attorney General William Barr testified in his confirmation hearing on January 15, 2019, that he would not upset settled expectations, investments, or other reliance interest[s] arising as a result of the Cole Memo, and that he did not intend to devote federal resources to enforce federal cannabis laws in states that have legalized cannabis to the extent people are complying with the state laws. He stated: My approach to this would be not to upset settled expectations and the reliance interests that have arisen as a result of the Cole Memorandum and investments have been made and so there has been reliance on it, so I don t think it s appropriate to upset those interests. He also implied that the CSA s prohibitions of cannabis may be implicitly nullified in states that have legalized cannabis: [T]he current situation is almost like a back-door nullification of federal law. Industry observers generally have not interpreted Attorney General Barr s comments to suggest that the DOJ would proceed with cases against participants who entered the state-legal industry after the Cole Memo s rescission. 
 
 As such, we cannot assure that each U.S. Attorney s Office in each judicial district where we operate will not choose to enforce federal laws governing cannabis sales against state-legal companies like our business clients. The basis for the federal government s lack of recent enforcement with respect to the cannabis industry extends beyond the strong public sentiment and ongoing prosecutorial discretion. Since 2014, versions of the U.S. omnibus spending bill have included a provision prohibiting the DOJ, which includes the Drug Enforcement Administration, from using appropriated funds to prevent states from implementing their medical-use cannabis laws. In USA vs. McIntosh , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held that the provision prohibits the DOJ from spending funds to prosecute individuals who engage in conduct permitted by state medical-use cannabis laws and who strictly comply with such laws. The court noted that, if the spending bill provision were not continued, prosecutors could enforce against conduct occurring during the statute of limitations even while the provision was previously in force. Other courts that have considered the issue have ruled similarly, although courts disagree about which party bears the burden of proof of showing compliance or noncompliance with state law. Certain of our clients that are retailers currently (and may in the future) sell adult-use cannabis, if permitted by such state and local laws now or in the future, and therefore may be outside any protections extended to medical-use cannabis under the spending bill provision. This could subject such retailer clients to greater and/or different federal legal and other risks as compared to businesses where cannabis is sold exclusively for medical use, which could in turn materially adversely affect our business. Furthermore, any change in the federal government s enforcement posture with respect to state-licensed cannabis sales, including the enforcement postures of individual federal prosecutors in judicial districts where we operate, would result in our inability to execute our business plan, and we would likely suffer significant losses with respect to client base, which would adversely affect our operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 36 

On March 11, 2021, Merrick Garland was sworn in as the U.S. Attorney General. During his campaign, President Biden stated a policy goal to decriminalize possession of cannabis at the federal level, but he has not publicly supported the full legalization of cannabis. In response to questions posed by Senator Cory Booker, Merrick Garland stated during February 2021 congressional testimony that he would reinstitute a version of the Cole Memorandum. He reiterated the statement that the Justice Department under his leadership would not pursue cases against Americans complying with the laws in states that have legalized and are effectively regulating marijuana, in written responses to the Senate Judiciary Committee provided around March 1. It is not yet known whether the Department of Justice under President Biden and Attorney General Garland, will re-adopt the Cole Memorandum or announce a substantive marijuana enforcement policy. Justice Garland indicated at a confirmation hearing before the United States Senate that it did not seem to him to be a useful use of limited resources to pursue prosecutions in states that have legalized and that are regulating the use of marijuana, either medically or otherwise. It is unclear what impact, if any, the current or any new administration will or would have on U.S. federal government enforcement policy on cannabis. Nonetheless, there is no guarantee that the position of the Department of Justice will not change. 
 
 Industry observers are hopeful that the current U.S. political environment will increase the chances of federal cannabis policy reform. However, we cannot provide assurances about the content, timing or chances of passage of a bill legalizing cannabis or liberalizing cannabis regulations. Accordingly, we cannot predict the timing of any change in federal law or possible changes in federal enforcement. In the event that the federal government were to reverse its long-standing hands-off approach to the state legal cannabis markets and start more broadly enforcing federal law regarding cannabis, we would likely be unable to execute our business plan, and our business and financial results would be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business and our clients are subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws regarding financial transactions related to cannabis, which could subject our clients to legal claims or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 We and our clients are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States regarding financial transactions. Violations of the U.S. anti-money laundering (AML) laws require proceeds from enumerated criminal activity, which includes trafficking in cannabis in violation of the CSA. Financial institutions that both we and our clients rely on are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the USA Patriot Act. In Canada, the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Criminal Code (Canada) apply. The penalties for violation of these laws include imprisonment, substantial fines and forfeiture. 
 
 In 2014, the DOJ under the Obama administration directed federal prosecutors to exercise restraint in prosecuting AML violations arising in the state legal cannabis programs and to consider the federal enforcement priorities enumerated in the Cole Memo when determining whether to charge institutions or individuals based upon cannabis-related activity. Around the same time, the Treasury Department issued guidance that clarified how financial institutions can provide services to cannabis-related businesses, consistent with financial institutions obligations under the Bank Secrecy Act. Then-Attorney General Sessions s rescission of the DOJ s guidance on the state cannabis programs in early 2018 increased uncertainty and heightened the risk that federal law enforcement authorities could seek to pursue money laundering charges against entities, or individuals, engaged in supporting the cannabis industry. On January 31, 2018, the Treasury Department issued additional guidance that the 2014 Guidance would remain in place until further notice, despite the rescission of the DOJ s earlier guidance memoranda. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, Canada and elsewhere that prohibit money laundering, including the Proceeds of Crime and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) and the Money Laundering Control Act (U.S.), as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by governmental authorities in the United States, Canada or any other jurisdiction in which we have business operations or to which we export our offerings. If any of our clients business activities, any dividends or distributions therefrom, or any profits or revenue accruing thereby are found to be in violation of money laundering statutes, our clients could be subject to criminal liability and significant penalties and fines. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, by our clients could disrupt our operations and involve significant management distraction and expenses. As a result, a significant number of our clients facing money laundering charges could materially affect our business, operations and financial condition. Additionally, proceeds from our clients business activities, including payments we have received from those clients, could be subject to seizure or forfeiture if they are found to be illegal proceeds of a crime transmitted in violation of anti-money laundering laws, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Finally, if any of our clients are found to be violating the above statutes, this could have a material adverse effect on their ability to access or maintain financial services, as discussed in detail below, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are dependent on our banking relations, and we may have difficulty accessing or consistently maintaining banking or other financial services due to our connection with the cannabis industry. 
 
 Although we do not grow or sell cannabis products, our general connection with the cannabis industry may hamper our efforts to do business or establish collaborative relationships with others that may fear disruption or increased regulatory scrutiny of their own activities. 
 37 

We are dependent on the banking industry to support the financial functions of our products and solutions. Our business operating functions including payroll for our employees, real estate leases, and other expenses are handled and reliant on traditional banking. We require access to banking services for both us and our clients to receive payments in a timely manner. Lastly, to the extent we rely on any lines of credit, these could be affected by our relationships with financial institutions and could be jeopardized if we lose access to a bank account. Important components of our offerings depend on client accounts and relationships, which in turn depend on banking functions. Most federal and federally-insured state banks currently do not serve businesses that grow and sell cannabis products on the stated ground that growing and selling cannabis is illegal under federal law, even though the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, issued guidelines to banks in February 2014 that clarified how financial institutions can provide services to cannabis-related businesses, consistent with financial institutions obligations under the Bank Secrecy Act. While the federal government has generally not initiated financial crimes prosecutions against state-law compliant cannabis companies or their vendors, the government theoretically could, at least against companies in the adult-use markets. The continued uncertainty surrounding financial transactions related to cannabis activities and the subsequent risks this uncertainty presents to financial institutions may result in their discontinuing services to the cannabis industry or limit their ability to provide services to the cannabis industry or ancillary businesses providing services to the cannabis industry. 
 
 As a result of federal-level illegality and the risk that providing services to state-licensed cannabis businesses poses to banks, cannabis-related businesses face difficulties accessing banks that will provide services to them. When cannabis businesses are able to find a bank that will provide services, they face extensive client due diligence in light of complex state regulatory requirements and guidance from FinCEN, and these reviews may be time-consuming and costly, potentially creating additional barriers to financial services for, and imposing additional compliance requirements on, us and our clients. FinCEN requires a party in trade or business to file with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, a Form 8300 report within 15 days of receiving a cash payment of over 10,000. While we do not receive cash payments for the products we sell, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, the imposition of a substantial penalty could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure that our strategies and techniques for designing our products and solutions for our clients will operate effectively and efficiently and not be adversely impacted by any refusal or reluctance of banks to serve businesses that grow and sell cannabis products. A change in banking regulations or a change in the position of the banking industry that permits banks to serve businesses that grow and sell cannabis products may increase competition for us, facilitate new entrants into the industry offering platforms, products or solutions similar to those that we offer, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. Also, the inability of potential clients in our target market to open accounts and otherwise use the services of banks or other financial institutions may make it difficult for us to conduct business, including receiving payments in a timely manner. 
 
 We do not sell cannabis, or products that contain cannabis; accordingly, our company is not part of the cannabis industry that would be restricted from using federal and federally insured banks. However, because of the fact that our revenue is generated largely from companies licensed as operators in the cannabis industry, banks have and may continue to consider us to be part of the cannabis industry that is subject to banking restrictions. If we were to lose any of our banking relationships or fail to secure additional banking relationships in the future, we could experience difficulty and incur increased costs in the administration of our business, paying our employees, accepting payments from clients, each of which may adversely affect our reputation or results of operations. Additionally, the closure of many or one of our bank accounts due to a bank s reluctance to provide services to a business working with state legal cannabis businesses would require significant management attention from SpringBig and could materially adversely affect our business and operations. In addition to banks and financial institutions, merchant processors may take a similar view of the risks of working with SpringBig since we provide services to cannabis businesses, and loss of any of our merchant processor relationships could have similar results. Moreover, Visa reportedly prohibits processing of transactions involving cannabis on its network, and Mastercard has reportedly stated that it is evaluating the inconsistency between U.S. state and federal cannabis law. 
 
 We may have difficulty using bankruptcy courts due to our involvement in the regulated cannabis industry. 
 
 We currently have no need or plans to seek bankruptcy protection. U.S. courts have held that debtors whose income is derived from cannabis or cannabis assets in violation of the CSA cannot seek federal bankruptcy protections. Although we are not in the business of growing or processing cannabis or selling or even possessing cannabis or cannabis products, a U.S. court could determine that our revenue is derived from cannabis or cannabis assets and prevent us from obtaining bankruptcy protections if necessary. 
 
 The conduct of third parties may jeopardize our business. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that our systems, protocols, and practices will prevent all unauthorized or illegal activities by our clients. Our success depends in part on our clients ability to operate consistently with the regulatory and licensing requirements of each state, local, and regional jurisdiction in which they operate. We have policies and procedures to review cannabis license 
 38 

information for operational cannabis retail clients to ensure validity and accuracy of such license information. We cannot ensure that the conduct of our clients, who are third parties, and their actions could expose them to legal sanctions and costs, which would in turn, adversely affect our business and operations. 
 
 A failure to comply with laws and regulations regarding our use of telemarketing, including the TCPA, could increase our operating costs and materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 Our technology allows dispensaries to send outbound text communications to their customers. While we believe that it is each dispensary s responsibility for compliance with state and federal laws regulating outbound communications, we recognize that SpringBig may be named in actions alleging violations of these laws or otherwise have to be involved in demands and actions stemming from alleged violations of these laws (e.g., through subpoenas). There are a number of state and federal laws regulating outbound telephonic communications, including the TCPA and Telemarketing Sales Rule. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC, and the FTC have responsibility for regulating various aspects of these laws. Individual states, like Washington and Florida, also separately regulate outbound telephonic communications. Among other requirements, the TCPA and other laws require the sender of the message to obtain prior express written consent for telemarketing calls and to adhere to state and national do-not-call registry requirements and implement various compliance procedures. These laws impact dispensary customers ability to communicate with their customers and can impact effectiveness of our marketing programs. These laws also raise the risk that SpringBig could be named directly or involved indirectly in litigation. The TCPA and other similar laws do not distinguish between voice and data communications, and, as such, SMS/MMS messages are also calls for the purpose of these outbound telephonic communication statutes. 
 
 The TCPA and similar state laws provide for a private right of action under which a plaintiff may bring suit and, oftentimes, allow the recovery of statutory damages. The TCPA, by way of example, imposes statutory damages of between 500 and 1,500 per violation. There is no statutory cap on maximum aggregate exposure (although some courts have applied in TCPA class actions constitutional limits on excessive penalties). An action may be brought by the FCC, a state attorney general, an individual on behalf of the individual or a class of individuals. Like other companies that play an intermediary role between the sender (the dispensary) and the recipient (the dispensary customer) of telephonic communications, we have been sued under the TCPA and have received a number of subpoenas in TCPA cases brought against dispensaries. If in the future we are found to have violated the TCPA or any similar state law, particularly on a class-wide basis, the amount of damages and potential liability could be extensive and materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 We may continue to be subject to constraints on marketing our products. 
 
 Certain of the states in which we operate have enacted strict regulations regarding marketing and sales activities on cannabis products, which could affect our cannabis retail clients demand for our platform and marketing services. There may be restrictions on sales and marketing activities of cannabis businesses imposed by government regulatory bodies that can hinder the development of our business and operating results because of the restrictions our clients face. If our clients are unable to effectively market our products and compete for market share, or if the costs of compliance with government legislation and regulation cannot be absorbed through increased selling prices for our products for our clients, this could hamper demand for our products and services from licensed cannabis retailers, which could result in a loss of revenue. 
 
 Cannabis businesses are subject to unfavorable U.S. tax treatment. 
 
 Section 280E of the Code does not allow any deduction or credit for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on business, other than costs of goods sold, if the business (or the activities which comprise the trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of Schedules I and II of the CSA). The IRS has applied this provision to cannabis operations, prohibiting them from deducting expenses associated with cannabis businesses beyond costs of goods sold and asserting assessments and penalties for additional taxes owed. Section 280E of the Code may have a lesser impact on cannabis cultivation and manufacturing operations than on sales operations, which directly affects our suppliers, who are cannabis retailers and brands. However, Section 280E of the Code and related IRS enforcement activity have had a significant impact on the operations of all cannabis companies. While Section 280E of the Code does not directly affect SpringBig, it lowers SpringBig s clients profitability, and could result in decreased demand or higher price sensitivity for SpringBig s listing, marketing, and customer loyalty services. An otherwise profitable cannabis business may operate at a loss after taking into account its U.S. income tax expenses. This affects SpringBig because SpringBig s sales and operating results could be adversely affected if SpringBig s clients decrease their marketing budgets and are operating on lower profit margins as a result of unfavorable treatment by the Code. 
 
 Service providers to cannabis businesses may also be subject to unfavorable U.S. tax treatment. 
 
 39 

As discussed above, under Section 280E of the Code, no deduction or credit is allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on business, other than costs of goods sold, if the business (or the activities which comprise the trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of Schedules I and II of the CSA). The IRS has applied this provision to cannabis operations, prohibiting them from deducting expenses associated with cannabis businesses and asserting assessments and penalties for additional taxes owed. While we do not believe that Section 280E of the Code applies to our business, and, generally, ancillary service providers who work with state-licensed cannabis businesses have not been subject to Section 280E of the Code, because they are providing services or products other than cannabis, if the IRS interprets the section to apply, it would significantly and materially affect our profitability and financial condition. 
 
 The MORE Act, which was passed by the House of Representatives in 2020 and reintroduced in the Senate for consideration on September 30, 2021, would remove marijuana from the CSA, which would effectively carve out state-legal cannabis businesses from Section 280E of the Code. However, the MORE Act would impose two new taxes on cannabis businesses: an excise tax measured by the value of certain cannabis products and an occupational tax assessed on the enterprises engaging in cannabis production and sales. Although these novel tax provisions are included in the MORE Act passed by the House of Representatives, it is challenging to predict whether, when and in what form the MORE Act could be enacted into law and how any such legislation would affect the activities of SpringBig. Similarly, the recently introduced States Reform Act would also effectively carve out state-legal cannabis businesses from Section 280E of the Code but at the same time impose a new excise tax on cannabis businesses (albeit at a lower rate than the proposed MORE Act). 
 
 Cannabis businesses may be subject to civil asset forfeiture. 
 
 Any property owned by participants in the cannabis industry used in the course of conducting such business, or that represents proceeds of such business or is traceable to proceeds of such business, could be subject to seizure by law enforcement and subsequent civil asset forfeiture because of the illegality of the cannabis industry under federal law. Even if the owner of the property is never charged with a crime, the property in question could still be seized and subject to an administrative proceeding by which, with minimal due process, it could be subject to forfeiture. Forfeiture of assets of our cannabis business clients could adversely affect our revenues if it impedes their profitability or operations and our clients ability to continue to subscribe to our services. 
 
 Due to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 
 
 Insurance that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability and directors and officers insurance, is more difficult for us to find and is more expensive or contains significant exclusions because our clients are cannabis industry participants. There are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurance coverage in the future or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to operate our business without such insurance coverage, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial liabilities. If we experience an uninsured loss, it may result in loss of anticipated cash flow and could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and business. 
 
 There may be difficulty enforcing certain of our commercial agreements and contracts. 
 
 Courts will not enforce a contract deemed to involve a violation of law or public policy. Because cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law, certain parties to contracts involving the state-legal cannabis industry have argued that the agreement was void as federally illegal or against public policy. Some courts have accepted this argument in certain cases, usually against the company trafficking in cannabis. While courts have enforced contracts related to activities by state-legal cannabis companies, and the trend is generally to enforce contracts with state-legal cannabis companies and their vendors, there remains doubt and uncertainty that we will be able to enforce all of our commercial agreements in court for this reason. We cannot be assured that we will have a remedy for breach of contract, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 We may in the future be, subject to disputes and assertions by third parties with respect to alleged violations of intellectual property rights. These disputes could be costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 We may, from time to time in the future, face allegations that we have violated the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patent, trademark, copyright and other intellectual property rights. Even if the claims are without merit, defending these types of claims may result in substantial costs, the diversion of the attention of management, and the disruption of our operations. In particular, patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. We may be required to stop offering certain features, purchase licenses or modify our products and 
 40 

features while we develop non-infringing substitutes, or become subject to significant settlement costs. These claims also could subject us to significant liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using or hosting technology, content, branding or business methods found to be in violation of another party s rights. We do not own any patents and, therefore, may be unable to deter competitors or others from pursuing patent or other intellectual property infringement claims against us through the threat of counter-suit. 
 
 Companies in the software-as-a-service (SaaS) vertical in which we operate and other industries may own large numbers of patents, copyrights, and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements, threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Our platform features third-party brands, which may themselves infringe third party intellectual property rights and could bring us into litigation between the parties. Further, although we contractually seek indemnification protection from our clients, clients may not be solvent or financially able to indemnify us. We may be required or may opt to seek a license of intellectual property rights held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, content, branding, or business methods, which could require significant effort and expense and which we may not be able to accomplish efficiently, or at all. If we cannot use, license, or develop technology, content, branding, or business methods for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we may be unable to compete effectively. Further, as we face increasing competition and as our business grows, we will face an increasing likelihood of claims of infringement. 
 
 The results of litigation and claims to which we may be subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our business, reputation and operating results. 
 
 Some of our solutions contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and solutions. 
 
 We use open source software that we have obtained from third parties or is included in software packages in our solutions and will continue to use open source software in the future. Open source software is generally freely accessible, usable and modifiable, and is made available to the general public on an as-is basis under the terms of a non-negotiable license. From time to time, we may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open source software and/or derivative works that we developed using such software (which could include our proprietary source code), or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have a negative effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 The success of our business heavily depends on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights and laws and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. As examples of such restrictions, we attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology and confidential information by entering into confidentiality and inventions assignment agreements and non-competition agreements with employees, contractors, consultants and business partners who develop intellectual property on our behalf, and entering into non-disclosure agreements with our business partners. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties, as examples, may copy aspects of our website features, software and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. 
 
 Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, they may not be recognized in the future, or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. For example, we have registered, among numerous other trademarks, SpringBig as a trademark in the U.S. Competitors have and may continue to adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to consumer confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the U.S. and abroad may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights may 
 41 

be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Further, we may be subject, from time-to-time, to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. We generally enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, and contractors. These agreements generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, those agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. Moreover, there may be some circumstances, where we are unable to negotiate for such ownership rights. If we are subject to a dispute challenging our rights in or to patents or other intellectual property, such a dispute could be expensive and time consuming. If we were unsuccessful, we could lose valuable rights in intellectual property that we regard as our own, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Securities and Certain Tax Matters 
 
 If we fail to meet all applicable requirements of Nasdaq, and Nasdaq determines to delist our common stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 
 
 On September 7, 2022, we received a letter from the listing qualifications department staff of Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Staff notifying us that for the last 30 consecutive business days, our minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the minimum of 50 million required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq listing rule 5450(b)(2)(A). The notice had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock or warrants. In accordance with Nasdaq listing rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar days, or until March 6, 2023, to regain compliance. The notice states that to regain compliance, the Company s MVLS must close at 50 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the compliance period ending March 6, 2023. On March 7, 2023, we received formal notice from the Nasdaq Staff indicating that we continued to be non-compliant with the MVLS requirement and that our common stock and warrants were subject to delisting unless the Company timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Company has timely requested a hearing before the Panel, which request will stay any further action by Nasdaq at least pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel and the expiration of any extension that the Panel may grant to the Company following the hearing. If the Company is unable to satisfy the MVLS requirement, the Company may be eligible to transfer the listing of its common stock and warrants to the Nasdaq Capital Market (provided that it then satisfies the requirements for continued listing on that market). 
 
 On December 20, 2022, we received a letter from the Nasdaq Staff providing notification that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s common stock had closed below the 1.00 per share minimum bid price requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). The notice had no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s common stock or warrants. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) the Company has been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until June 19, 2023 to regain compliance with the minimum bid requirement. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be 1.00 per share or higher for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days any time before June 19, 2023, unless Nasdaq exercises its discretion to extend this 10-day period pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H). If the Company does not regain compliance by June 19, 2023, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar days compliance period. To qualify, the Company would need to transfer the listing of its common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that it meets the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement, and would need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split if necessary. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the requirements for listing our common stock and/or warrants on Nasdaq. If we are unable to satisfy the Nasdaq criteria for continued listing, our common stock and/or warrants would be subject to delisting. A delisting of our common stock could negatively impact us by, among other things, reducing the liquidity and market price of our common stock and/or warrants; reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock and/or warrants, which could negatively impact our ability to raise equity financing; decreasing the amount of news and analyst coverage of us; and limiting our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. In addition, delisting from Nasdaq may negatively impact our reputation and, consequently, our business. 
 
 If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our securities may decline and the market for our securities may be volatile. 
 
 If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our shares of common stock may decline. In addition, even if an active market for our shares of common stock develops and continues, the trading price of our shares of common 
 42 

stock could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on the price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Factors affecting the trading price of our shares of common stock may include: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual financial results or the quarterly and annual financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in the market s expectations about operating results; 
 operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period, which could impact the market price our shares of common stock; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our businesses; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 
 any significant change in our Board of Directors or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of our shares of common stock by the Company, Cantor, the Investor or our directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, inflation, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may depress the market price of our shares of common stock irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these shares, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for companies engaging in digital payments or the shares of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our shares of common stock also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell our shares of common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it; furthermore, there is no guarantee that the value of the shares of common stock will increase to a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion, and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions, applicable law and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our shares of common stock unless you sell your shares of for a price greater than that which you paid for them; provided, however, that there is no guarantee that the value of the shares of common stock will increase to a price greater than the price for which such shares were purchased. 
 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 The issuance of our shares of common stock in connection with the Notes and Warrants Purchase Agreement or that may otherwise be issued and/or sold by the Company or selling securityholders, could cause substantial dilution, which could materially affect the trading price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 To the extent that the L1 Notes and/or Investor Warrants are converted into or exercised for shares of common stock, substantial amounts of our shares of common stock will be issued. Under certain default circumstances the L1 Notes and Investor Warrants may become exercisable at prevailing prices or discounts to prevailing prices, and the original 12 
 43 

conversion price of the L1 Notes and 12 exercise price of the Investor Warrants will be adjusted in the event that the Company issues additional equity securities under certain issuances below the original conversion/exercise price. In addition, we have the ability under certain circumstances to make payments on the L1 Notes in shares of common stock at then prevailing market prices. We are required to reserve three times the original number of shares obtainable under the L1 Notes and Investor Warrants to provide for these circumstances. Although we cannot predict the number of our shares of common stock that will actually be issued in connection with any such conversions and/or sales, such issuances could result in substantial decreases to our stock price. 
 
 Further, substantial amounts of our shares of common stock may also be issued, sold and/or resold under Cantor Equity Facility and pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plan, which could cause further substantial dilution of our shares of common stock and materially impact the trading price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 In addition, the way we account for the L1 Notes and the Investor Warrants may impact our reported or future financial results and the market price of our shares of common stock. For example, we have adopted ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity and elected to carry the L1 Notes and Investor Warrants at amortized cost. See the section titled Effective Accounting Pronouncements in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 11 Senior Secured Convertible Notes in our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report for more information. 
 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our shares of common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public market could occur at any time as a result of issuances and resales of shares of common stock under the Cantor Equity Facility along with other issuances and resales of shares of common stock including shares subject to the L1 Notes, the Investor Warrants and our other public and private warrants, as well as the resale of shares of common stock by other holders, and pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plan. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Sales of our shares of common stock, or the perception of such sales, including by selling securityholders in the public market or otherwise could cause the market price for our shares of common stock to decline the securityholders selling such securities may still receive significant proceeds. 
 
 The sale of our shares of common stock in the public market or otherwise, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of our shares of common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that it deems appropriate (which ability to sell equity securities is also subject to restrictions under the terms of the L1 Notes and related agreements). Institutional investors and our founder that collectively beneficially own in excess of 50 of the Company s outstanding shares in the aggregate will be able to resell their shares for so long as a registration statement is available for use. Resales of our shares of common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, regardless of the performance of our business. 
 
 We have filed registration statements relating to the resale of a large number of shares of common stock representing a large percentage of our public float pursuant to the Notes and Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Cantor Equity Facility, and securities held by certain existing shareholders for which such securityholders have registration rights. As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public market could occur at any time. Given the substantial number of shares of common stock being registered for potential resale or the perception in the market that the stockholders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could increase the volatility of the market price of our common stock or result in a significant decline in the public trading price of our common stock. Further, certain shares of our common stock that are being registered for resale include shares that were purchased at prices that may be significantly below the trading price of our shares of common stock and the sale of which would result in such selling securityholders realizing a significant gain. Even if our trading price remains low, certain selling securityholders may still have an incentive to sell shares of our common stock because they purchased the shares at prices lower than the public investors or the current trading price of our common stock. Public holders of our shares of common stock may not experience a similar rate of return on their shares. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 
 44 

The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover SpringBig change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover SpringBig were to cease their coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 We may amend the terms of our public and private warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without the approval of all securityholders. 
 
 Our public warrants were issued in registered form under the warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of a warrant. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years from the date of our IPO, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700,000,000 as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 
 
 We have and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management has and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives. 
 
 As a public company, we have and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, and these expenses may increase even more after we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act. In addition, we expect to record incremental share-based compensation expense in connection with the consummation of the business combination. 
 
 45 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Our management and other personnel have and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations have made it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and forced us to accept reduced policy limits. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we have and will continue to incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 
 Our failure to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 As a public company, we are required to provide management s attestation on internal controls as required under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of us as a privately-held company. If we are not successful in implementing the additional requirements of Section 404(a) in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, which may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our securities. 
 
 As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed the business combination on June 14, 2022. Prior to the business combination, Legacy SpringBig was a private company and, therefore, its controls were not required to be designed or maintained in accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. The design and implementation of internal control over financial reporting for the Company post-business combination has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from management and other personnel. Because of this, the design and ongoing development of our framework for implementation and evaluation of internal control over financial reporting is in its preliminary stages. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense to conduct a comprehensive assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are excluding management's report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 215.02 of the SEC Division of Corporation Finance's Regulation S-K Compliance Disclosure Interpretations. However, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company had a material weakness. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management concluded that we did not have accounting personnel with adequate expertise in GAAP to ensure that complex material and/or non-routine transactions are properly reflected in our consolidated financial statements. We also noted that we did not perform adequate independent reviews and maintain effective controls related to the preparation of consolidated financial statements, related notes thereto, account analyses, account summaries and account reconciliations. We have taken and are continuing to take additional steps to remedy this material weakness. 
 
 Failure to properly implement internal controls on a timely basis may lead to the identification of one or more additional material weaknesses or control deficiencies in the future, which may prevent us from being able to report our financial results accurately on a timely basis or help prevent fraud, and could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence or delisting and cause the market price of our shares of common stock to decline. If we have additional material weaknesses in the future, it could affect the financial results that we report or create a perception that those financial results do not fairly state our financial position or results of operations. Either of those events could have an adverse effect on the value of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Further, even if we conclude that our internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. Failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our future reporting obligations. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 46 

Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and under Delaware law could delay or prevent a change in control, limit the price investors may be willing to pay in the future for our shares of common stock and could entrench management. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions provide for: 
 
 a classified Board of Directors with staggered three-year terms; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of preference shares and to cause us to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and 
 requiring advance notice for shareholder proposals and nominations and placing limitations on convening shareholder meetings. 
 
 These provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those shareholders may desire, any of which could harm our share price. 
 
 Our largest shareholders and certain members of our management own a significant percentage of our shares of common stock and are able to exert significant control over matters subject to shareholder approval. 
 
 Our founder and certain of our largest shareholders hold a significant percentage of our shares of common stock. As a result, these holders have the ability to substantially influence us and exert significant control through this ownership position and, in the case of certain holders, service on our Board of Directors. For example, these holders may be able to control elections of directors, issuance of equity, including to our employees under equity incentive plans, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, amalgamation, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. These holders interests may not always coincide with our corporate interests or the interests of other shareholders, and it may exercise its voting and other rights in a manner with which you may not agree or that may not be in the best interests of our other shareholders. So long as these holders continue to own a significant amount of our equity, they will continue to be able to strongly influence and effectively control our decisions. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our shares of common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive and other compensatory plans, will result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our share price to fall. 
 
 We may need additional capital in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our shareholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell shares of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell shares of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. In addition, new investors could gain rights superior to our existing shareholders. 
 
 Pursuant to SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ), we are authorized to grant options and other share-based awards to our employees, directors and consultants. The number of shares of our common stock initially reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan was 1,525,175, but we may seek shareholder approval to increase this amount from time to time. Shares subject to stock awards granted under the Incentive Plan that expire or terminate without being exercised in full, or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares, will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Incentive Plan. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Boca Raton, Florida pursuant to a lease that expires in November 2024. In addition, SpringBig leases office space in Seattle, Washington and Toronto, Ontario. 
 
 47 

We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our ongoing needs. However, from time to time we may evaluate additional or substitute office spaces. We believe that we will be able to obtain additional facilities, as needed, on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For a description of developments to legal proceedings during the year ended December 31, 2022, see "Litigation" under Note 17, "Commitments and Contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock and warrants, each exercisable for one share of our common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols SBIG and SBIGW, respectively. As of March 28, 2023, there were 39 holders of record of our common stock, and this number was derived from our shareholder records and does not include The Depository Trust Company participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock to date. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On June 14, 2022, at the first closing under the Notes and Warrants Purchase Agreement, we issued and sold to the Investor (i) a Note in the principal amount of 11,000,000 and (ii) a five-year warrant to purchase 586,980 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 12.00 per share, for total cash consideration to the Company of 10,000,000 
 
 On June 14, 2022, we issued 1,310,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Subscription Agreements entered into in connection with the PIPE Subscription Financing for aggregate consideration of 13.1 million, plus 31,356 shares paid to certain investors pursuant to the convertible notes with such investors. 
 
 On September 9, 2022, we issued 877,193 shares of our common stock (such shares, the Commitment Fee Shares to Cantor. We issued the Commitment Fee Shares as consideration for Cantor s irrevocable commitment to purchase additional Common Shares at our election in our sole discretion, from time to time upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. The Common Stock Purchase Agreement established a committed equity facility pursuant to which we may in the future, from time to time, at our election in our sole discretion, upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement issue and sell to the Cantor additional shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 On December 2, 6, 9, and 13, 2022, we issued 80,770, 80,770, 91,481, and 98,224, respectively, for a total of 351,245 shares of our common stock (such shares, the L1 Shares to the Investor. We issued the L1 Shares as consideration for repayment of a portion of the amounts payable under the L1 Notes. 
 
 We issued the foregoing securities in transactions not involving an underwriter and not requiring registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 48 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 The information required under this Item will be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 "SpringBig," "the Company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 
 All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "would," "expect," "objective," "plan," "potential," "seek," "grow," "target," "if," and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations, objectives, and financial needs. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated due to various factors discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (the Company or SpringBig is a market-leading software platform providing customer loyalty and marketing automation solutions to retailers and brands. We have leveraged our deep expertise in loyalty marketing to develop solutions that address the key challenges faced by retailers and brands, including those in the cannabis industry. Stringent, complex, and rapidly evolving regulations have resulted in restricted access to traditional marketing and advertising channels for cannabis retailers and brands, preventing them from utilizing many traditional methods for effectively accessing and engaging with consumers. In addition, the lack of industry-specific data and market intelligence solutions limit cannabis retailers' and brands' ability to efficiently market their products, thereby hindering their growth. Our platform enables our clients to increase brand awareness, engage customers, improve retention, and access actionable consumer feedback data to improve marketing. Our clients can use our loyalty marketing, digital communications, and text/email marketing solutions to drive new customer acquisition, customer spend and retail foot traffic. Our proven B2B2C software platform creates powerful network effects between retailers and brands and provides an ability for both to connect directly with consumers. As retailers and brand scale, a virtuous cycle amplifies growth, ultimately expanding SpringBig's reach and strengthening our value proposition. 
 
 SpringBig serves approximately 1,300 brand and retailer clients across more than 3,000 distinct retail locations in North America. Our clients distribute more than 2.0 billion messages annually, and in the last year more than 7.5 billion of gross merchandise value was accounted for by clients utilizing our platform. 
 
 Business Combination and Public Company Cost 
 
 On June 14, 2022, SpringBig Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation Tuatara or TCAC )), consummated the previously announced business combination (the business combination of Tuatara and SpringBig, Inc. Legacy SpringBig ), a Delaware corporation. Pursuant to the merger agreement, prior to the closing of the business combination, Tuatara changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Prior to the closing date, and in connection with the Closing, Tuatara changed its name to SpringBig Holdings, Inc. Legacy SpringBig was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the business combination based on an analysis of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification 805. While Tuatara was the legal acquirer in the business combination, because Legacy SpringBig was deemed the accounting acquirer, the historical financial statements of Legacy SpringBig became the historical financial statements of the combined company, upon the Closing. 
 
 The business combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the combined entity represent the continuation of the financial statements of Legacy SpringBig in many respects. Under this method of accounting, Tuatara was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. For accounting purposes, Legacy SpringBig was deemed to be the accounting 
 49 

acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of Legacy SpringBig (i.e., a capital transaction involving the issuance of stock by Tuatara for stock of Legacy SpringBig). Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of Legacy SpringBig became the historical financial statements of the combined company, and Tuatara s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with Legacy SpringBig beginning on the acquisition date. Operations prior to the business combination are presented as those of Legacy SpringBig. The net assets of Tuatara were recognized at historical cost (which are consistent with carrying value), with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 
 
 As a consequence of the business combination, Legacy SpringBig became the successor to an SEC-registered and Nasdaq-listed company, which requires us to incur additional expenses and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We have and expect to continue to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, amongst other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources, including increased audit and legal fees. 
 
 Key Operating and Financial Metrics 
 
 We monitor the following key financial and operational metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. The following is our analysis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in thousands: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue 26,629 23,362 Net loss (13,076) (5,750) Adjusted EBITDA (12,603) (5,548) Number of retail clients 1,319 1,240 Net revenue retention 105 110 Number of messages (million) 2,099 1,861 
 
 For a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA see EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, below. 
 
 Revenue 
 
 We generate revenue from the sale of monthly subscriptions that provide retail clients with access to an integrated platform through which they can manage loyalty programs and communications with their consumers. We also generate additional revenue from these retail clients when the quantum of messages sent to consumers exceeds the amounts in the subscription package. The subscriptions generally have twelve-month terms (which typically are not subject to early termination without a cancellation fee payable by the client), are payable monthly, and automatically renew for subsequent and recurring 12-month periods unless notice of cancellation is provided in advance. 
 
 The Company's revenue growth is generally achieved through a mix of new clients, clients upgrading their subscriptions (as new clients will frequently enter into a relatively low level of subscription (with respect to the size of such client's database and the number of their customers on such database) and/or the number of pre-determined communication credits), which frequently occurs shortly after such a client initially becomes a client, and the excess use element of revenues. Excess use revenues are revenues derived from amounts charged to clients for exceeding the pre-determined credit volume set forth in the applicable client s subscription agreement. Given this combination, and particularly the tendency for clients to upgrade soon after becoming a client, the Company does not actively monitor revenue split between new and existing clients, preferring to use the split between subscription and excess use in combination with net dollar retention and the number of clients as key metrics, as described below. 
 
 Other Key Operating Metrics 
 
 The growth in our revenues is a key metric at this stage in our development as a Company and therefore to provide investors with additional information, we have disclosed in the table above the number of our retail clients, our net revenue retention rate and the number of standardized messages distributed through the SpringBig platform by our clients. We regularly review the key operating and financial metrics set forth above to evaluate our business, our growth, assess our performance and 
 50 

make decisions regarding our business. We believe these key metrics are useful to investors both because they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and they may be helpful in evaluating the state and growth of our business. 
 
 Number of Retail Clients. We disclose in the table above the number of discrete SpringBig platforms used by clients of the business at the end of the relevant period. We view this number as an important metric to assess the performance of our business because an increased number of clients drives growth, increases brand awareness and helps contribute to our reach and strengthening our value proposition. 
 
 Net Revenue Retention. We believe that the growth in the use of our platform by our clients is an important metric in evaluating our business and growth. We monitor our dollar-based net revenue retention rate on a rolling basis to track the maintenance of revenue and revenue-increasing activity growth. Net revenue retention rate (also referred to as net dollar retention rate does not have a standardized meaning and is therefore unlikely to be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies, and further, investors should not consider it in isolation. When evaluating our retention rates and calculating our net revenue retention rate, SpringBig calculates the average recurring monthly revenue from retail clients, adjusted for losses, increases and decreases in monthly subscriptions during the prior twelve months divided by the average recurring monthly subscription revenue over the same trailing twelve-month period. 
 
 We view a net revenue retention rate exceeding 100 as positive because this is indicative of increasing subscription revenue without including the impact of the initial recurring revenue from new clients during the month in which they are on-boarded. We believe that we can drive this metric by continuing to focus on existing clients and by revenue-increasing activities, such as client upgrades. Net revenue retention is measured over the twelve-month ending at the reporting date and if the ratio exceeds 100 this is an indication of upgrades from clients exceeding the value of any lost clients and downgrades in subscriptions. The net revenue retention is calculated based on subscription revenues only and does not include the impact of excess use revenue. 
 
 Number of Messages Sent. We believe that the volume of messages sent, measured in standardized message size, is important as it indicates the frequency of use and level of engagement of our platform by our clients. Messages are distributed by text, email, and direct push notifications to mobile applications. 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we have disclosed EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and Adjusted EBITDA, which represents EBITDA adjusted for certain unusual, infrequent items, or non-cash items (such as bad debt expense and stock-based compensation). 
 
 We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because they are key measures used by our management and board of directors to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of investment capacity. Accordingly, we believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors, and is widely used by analysts, investors and competitors to measure a company's operating performance. 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations, and you should not consider these in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP, including net loss, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Some of these limitations are: 
 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated may have to be replaced in the future, and neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available. 
 
 Because of these limitations, you should consider EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including net loss and our other GAAP results. 

51 

A reconciliation of net loss before taxes to non-GAAP EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (13,076) (5,750) Interest income (18) (3) Interest expense 949 Income tax expense 3 2 Depreciation and amortization expense 259 173 EBITDA (11,883) (5,578) Stock based compensation 1,226 595 PPP loan forgiveness (781) Bad debt expense 1,474 216 Severance payments 188 Business combination related bonus 550 Change in fair value of warrants (4,158) Adjusted EBITDA (12,603) (5,548) 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 Overall Economic Trends 
 
 The overall economic environment and related changes to consumer behavior have a significant impact on our business. Overall, positive conditions in the broader economy promote consumer spending on marketplaces and our customers products, while economic weakness, which generally results in reduced consumer spending, may have a negative impact on our customers sales, which in turn may impact our revenue. 
 
 Growth and Retention of Customers 
 
 Our revenue grows primarily through acquiring and retaining customers and expanding relationships with customers over time, increasing the revenue per customer. We have historically been able to attract, retain and grow relationships with customers as a result of the Company s comprehensive product suite, differentiated loyalty programs, consistent communications with customers, and reliable customer service. 
 
 Regulation and Maturation of Cannabis Markets 
 
 We believe that we will have significant opportunities for growth as more jurisdictions legalize cannabis for medical and/or adult use and the regulatory environment continues to develop. We intend to explore new expansion opportunities as additional jurisdictions legalize cannabis for medical or adult use and leverage our existing business model to enter new markets. We believe our understanding of the space coupled with our experienced sales force will enable us to quickly enter and execute in new markets and capture new business, which we sustain via our best-in-class product offerings. Further, a change in U.S. federal regulations could result in our ability to engage in additional outlets, including the fintech, payments and e-commerce space. 
 
 We expect competition to intensify in the future as the regulatory regime for cannabis becomes more settled and the legal market for cannabis becomes more accepted, which may encourage new participants to enter the market, including established companies with substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than existing market participants. 
 
 52 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand identity and our reputation is critical to maintaining and growing our relationships with customers and to our ability to attract new customers. 
 
 We believe our platform s scale and strong customer loyalty market themselves; however, we implement a variety of marketing efforts to attract the remaining retailers and brands not yet on our platform. Marketing efforts include multiple strategies designed to attract and retain both retail and brands subscribers. 
 
 Negative publicity, whether or not justified, relating to events or activities attributed to us, our employees, customers or others associated with any of these parties, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Given our high visibility, we may be more susceptible to the risk of negative publicity. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our platform and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, any attempts to rebuild our reputation and restore value of our brand may be costly and time consuming, and such efforts may not ultimately be successful. 
 
 We also believe that the importance of our brand recognition and reputation will continue to increase as competition in our market continues to develop. If our brand promotion activities are not successful, our operating results and growth may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 
 SpringBig provides its retail customers with access to an integrated platform that provides all the functions of the Company s proprietary software, which uses proprietary technology to send text, email, and push messages to the customer s contacts. This access is provided to customers under a contract, with revenue generated from monthly fixed fees for credits (up to pre-contracted amount) and optional purchases of additional credits. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of amounts payable to distributors of messages on behalf of the Company s customers across cellular networks and integrations. 
 
 Selling, Servicing and Marketing Expenses 
 
 Selling, servicing and marketing expenses consist of salaries, benefits, travel expense and incentive compensation for our sales, servicing and marketing employees. In addition, sales, servicing and marketing expenses include business acquisition marketing, events cost, and branding and advertising costs. 
 
 Technology and Software Development Expenses 
 
 Technology and software development costs consist of salaries and benefits for employees, including engineering and technical teams who are responsible for building new products, as well as maintaining and improving existing products. We capitalize certain costs associated with technology and software development in accordance with ACS 350-40, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal Use Software, but these are limited in quantum as we are constantly and regularly making enhancements to our technology platform and do not consider appropriate to be capitalized. Capitalized costs are generally amortized over a three-year period commencing on the date that the specific software product is placed in service. We believe that continued investment in our platform is important for our growth. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and related benefits costs for our employees involved in general corporate functions including finance, human resources and investor relations, as well as costs associated with the use by these functions of software and equipment. All rent, insurance and other occupancy costs are also included in general and administrative expenses as are professional and outside services related to legal, audit and other services, and stock compensation expenses. 

53 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) (in thousands) (in thousands) (in thousands) Revenue 26,629 23,362 3,267 14 Cost of revenues 6,701 6,267 434 7 Gross profit 19,928 17,095 2,833 17 Operating expenses: Selling, servicing and marketing 12,333 10,185 2,148 21 Technology and software development 11,353 8,410 2,943 35 General and administrative 12,542 5,032 7,510 149 Total operating expenses 36,228 23,627 12,601 53 Loss from operations (16,300) (6,532) (9,768) 150 Interest income 18 3 15 nm Interest expense (949) (949) nm Change in fair value of warrants 4,158 4,158 nm Forgiveness of PPP loan 781 (781) nm Loss before income tax (13,073) (5,748) (7,325) 127 Income tax expense 3 2 1 nm Net loss (13,076) (5,750) (7,326) 127 
 nm - not meaningful 
 
 Revenues . Revenues increased by 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a 14 increase compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. Our subscription revenue was 20.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 14.8 million in for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing 38 year over year growth. The excess use revenue declined by 29 year over year from 8.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease was due in part to the weaker economy and more significantly to the fact that some prior year excess use revenue has now converted into recurring subscription revenues due to clients upgrading their subscriptions. Our revenue from Brands clients increased by 44 year over year and was 940,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 654,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Gross Profit . Gross profit increased to 19.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 17.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 17 increase. The cost of revenue increased by 0.4 million, representing a 7 increase, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to the increasing volume of messages distributed by clients, with a total of approximately 2.1 billion messages during the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 238 million, or 13.0 higher, than in the same period last year. The percentage increase in cost of revenue is lower than our revenue growth over the same period and therefore our gross margin percentage increased by 1.7 compared with the same period in 2021 to 74.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating Expenses. SpringBig continues to prioritize revenue growth while ensuring expenses are managed in an appropriate manner to ensure we are able to handle the growth with appropriate personnel, infrastructure and processes and also ensuring net loss is maintained within an acceptable range. 
 
 Our operating expenses increased by 12.6 million, or 53 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Selling, servicing and marketing expenses increased by 2.1 million, or 21 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses is primarily due to the full year effect of expanding the size of our operations during the latter half of 2021 in response to growth in the business and increased travel and 
 54 

conference activity in the year ended December 31, 2022 after this had been curtailed in the prior year due to the Covid-19 pandemic. 
 
 Technology and software development expenses increased by 2.9 million, or 35 , for year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, with the increase being attributable to higher headcount primarily through using offshore contract engineering resources to enable an acceleration in the pace of developing and enhancing our software platform. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 7.5 million, or 149 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to higher personnel-related costs as we increased headcount and additional expenses related to preparing for and becoming a publicly listed company, specifically relating to legal, accounting and auditing fees and directors and officers liability insurance premiums. In addition, higher stock compensation and bad debt expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the prior year are included in this category. The increase in bad debt expense from 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the deterioration of the macroeconomy which resulted in many smaller clients closing their businesses. 
 
 Interest Income (Expense) . Interest expense was 949,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to interest on the 15 Convertible Notes and the 6 Convertible Notes issued in connection with the business combination consummated on June 14, 2022. Interest expense was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants . The liability relating to warrants issued by SpringBig is included on the balance sheet at the value prevailing at the end of the accounting period and any change in value is reported in the income statement. As at December 31, 2022, the value of the public warrants, which are listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange was 0.0211 per warrant. These warrants did not exist at December 31, 2021, and were recorded in connection with accounting related to the June 14, 2022 business combination. As of the business combination date, the fair value per warrant was 0.2810. The liability relating to warrants issued by SpringBig is included on the balance sheet at the value prevailing at the end of the accounting period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, a 4.2 million gain related to the change in value of the warrants is reported in the income statement. 
 
 Liquidity Capital Resources 
 
 We have incurred net losses since inception, and experienced negative cash flows from operations. Prior to the business combination, we financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through the private sales of equity securities and revenue. Our primary uses of cash in the short-term are to fund our operations as we continue to grow our business. 
 
 In connection with the execution of the merger agreement in November 2021, Legacy SpringBig and TCAC entered into subscription agreements, pursuant to which certain investors (the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1,310,000 shares of common stock of the combined company, for 10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 13,100,000. On February 25, 2022, SpringBig entered into convertible notes (the "Convertible Notes with certain of the PIPE Investors for a principal sum of 7.0 million in aggregate. On the consummation of the business combination, closing of the merger, the outstanding principal balance of the Convertible Notes became due and payable and was satisfied, along with the interest due on such notes, by the issuance to holders of such notes shares of the Company s common stock and the remainder of the investment from the PIPE Investors was funded and paid to the Company. 
 
 Additionally, following the execution of the merger agreement, we entered into two incremental financing agreements. An institutional investor through the Notes and Warrants Purchase Agreement agreed to purchase 11.0 million of 6 Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Notes due in 2024 and a number of warrants equal to one-half of the principal amount of notes divided by the volume weighted average price on the trading day prior to closing. This financing closed immediately after the business combination. 
 
 The Company also entered into the Cantor Equity Facility for up to 50.0 million in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued shares of our common stock after the closing of the business combination. 
 
 The Company may, from time to time at its option, sell to Cantor newly issued shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of the Cantor Equity Facility. The use of the Cantor Equity Facility is subject to certain conditions, including the effectiveness of a registration statement relating to the resale of the common stock issuable under the Cantor Equity Facility. Therefore, funds from the 50.0 million gross purchase price will not be immediately available, if at all, to SpringBig, and there can be no assurances that the Cantor Equity Facility will be available to the Company at all times during its terms or that such purchase price will ever become available. 

55 

The following table summarizes our cash, accounts receivable and working capital at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 3,546 2,227 Accounts receivable, net 2,889 3,045 Working capital (1,544) 3,979 
 
 We are committed to ensuring our balance sheet supports the business and our growth objectives and are considering a supplemental capital raise. As of December 31, 2022, based on the factors described in this sub-section, we concluded that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue to operate as a going concern for the 12 months following the issuance of the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. T his estimate is based on our current business plan and expectations and assumptions in light of current macroeconomic conditions. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong and could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect, and future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those described in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we are not currently a party to any agreement or letter of intent with respect to potential investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, services or technologies, we may enter into these types of arrangements in the future, which could also require us to seek additional equity financing, incur indebtedness, or use cash resources. We have no present understandings, commitments or agreements to enter into any such acquisitions. 
 
 To the extent existing cash and investments and cash from operations are not sufficient to fund future activities, we may need to raise additional funds. We may seek to raise additional funds through equity, equity-linked or debt financings. If we raise additional funds by incurring indebtedness, such indebtedness may have rights that are senior to holders of our equity securities and could contain covenants that restrict operations. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders. Further, the Secured Convertible Notes also contain a number of restrictive covenants that may impose significant restrictions on obtaining future financings, including restrictions on SpringBig s ability to do any of each following while the Secured Convertible Notes remain outstanding: (i) incurring additional indebtedness and guaranteeing indebtedness; (ii) incurring liens or allowing mortgages or other encumbrances; (iii) prepaying, redeeming, or repurchasing certain other debt; (iv) paying dividends or making other distributions or repurchasing or redeeming its capital stock; (v) selling assets or entering into or effecting certain other transactions (including a reorganization, consolidation, dissolution or similar transaction or selling, leasing, licensing, transferring or otherwise disposing of assets of the Company or its subsidiaries); (vi) issuing additional equity (outside of the equity facility, issuances under our equity compensation plan and other limited exceptions until a resale registration statement registering all of the common stock underlying the notes and warrants with the Investor is declared effective by the SEC); (vii) entering into variable rate transactions (exclusive of the equity facility); and (viii) adopting certain amendments to our governing documents, among other restrictions. In addition, the noteholders have the right, for 18 months following the first closing of the notes and warrants with the Investor, to purchase up to 30 of the securities we may offer in subsequent financings. Accordingly, we may be limited in our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms or at all within such limitations. Such restrictions may be waived by consent of the noteholder. 
 
 SpringBig s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to meet its liquidity needs through a combination of factors including, but not limited to, cash and cash equivalents, the ongoing increase in revenue through increased usage by customers and new customers, its Common Stock Purchase Agreement and strategic capital raises. The ultimate success of these plans is not guaranteed. See the section titled Going Concern and Liquidity in Note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report for more information . 

56 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Statement of Cash Flows Data: Total cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (14,518) (7,884) Investing activities (413) (374) Financing activities 16,250 38 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,319 (8,220) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash used in operating activities consists primarily of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock compensation expenses, changes in the fair value of financial instruments and the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net loss was 13.1 million and the cash used in operating activities was 14.5 million. The difference of 1.4 million is due to 2.0 million in non-cash items comprising a 4.2 million change in the value of warrants offset by 2.6 million relating to stock compensation expense and depreciation and amortization, and a 0.6 million reduction in working capital. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net loss and loss from operations was 5.8 million and cash used in operating activities was 7.9 million, with the difference of 2.1 million being due to an increase in accounts receivable. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 SpringBig has low capital investment requirements, with our needs comprising primarily computer equipment and office furniture and related items. Cash used in investing activities was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the net cash provided by financing activities was 16.3 million, comprising 8.8 million from TCAC non-redeeming shareholders, 13.1 million from the issuance of new common stock pursuant to the PIPE financing and 10.0 million from the Secured Convertible Note less merger related expenses of 14.8 million to provide net cash of 17.1 million associated with the closing of the business combination with Tuatara. Subsequent to the business combination 1.0 million of the Secured Convertible Note has been repaid prior to December 31, 2022 and during the year ended December 31, 2022, 0.1 million was received due to the exercise of employee stock options. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities were immaterial during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements between us and any other entity that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to shareholders. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 57 

We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, software development costs, income taxes, and equity-based compensation have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. For further information on all of our significant accounting policies, see the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this report. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company has adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which provides guidance on the recognition, presentation, and disclosure of revenue in financial statements. The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. 
 
 Software Development Costs 
 
 We capitalize certain costs associated with technology and software development in accordance with ASC 350-40, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal Use Software. Capitalized costs are generally amortized over a three-year period commencing on the date that the specific software product is placed in service. In practice, we have not capitalized any material software development costs since expenditures are deemed to be outside of the scope of those required to be capitalized in accordance with ASC 350-40. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We record current income taxes based on our estimates of current taxable income and provide for deferred income taxes to reflect estimated future income tax payments and receipts. We are subject to federal income taxes as well as state taxes. In addition, we are subject to taxes in the foreign jurisdictions where we operate. 
 
 The Company records a deferred tax asset or liability based on the difference between financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities as measured by the anticipated tax rates which will be in effect when these differences reverse. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. The Company adopted ASU 2016-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. As a result, each jurisdiction will only have one net noncurrent deferred tax asset or liability. 
 
 The Company has evaluated its tax positions for any uncertainties based on the technical merits of the positions taken. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be upheld on examination by taxing authorities. The Company has analyzed the tax positions taken and has concluded that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, that would require recognition of a liability or disclosure in the financial statements. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, addresses accounting for share-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock, performance shares and warrant. Stock-based compensation for stock options to employees and non-employees is based upon the fair value of the award on the date of grant. We record forfeitures as they occur. The compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, and is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The expected life represents the term the options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility was determined using the historical volatility of similar publicly traded companies. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See the section titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report for more information. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other 
 58 

words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that any decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. 
 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as the market value of our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We have operations within the United States and limited operations with customers located in Canada, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes, inflation and exchange rate charges. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is set forth below. 
 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 
 We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. Because our cash and cash equivalents have a relatively short maturity, our portfolio's fair value is relatively insensitive to interest rate changes. In future periods, we will continue to evaluate our investment policy in order to ensure that we continue to meet our overall objectives. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation in order to minimize its effects through pricing strategies, productivity improvements and cost reductions. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We have operations in Toronto, Canada and customers located in Canada. Given our reporting currency is US dollars, this results in exchange rate translation risk. The effect is minimized by matching our Canadian income and expense with our Canadian customers being invoiced in their local currency. The exchange rate risk to our financial statements is immaterial. 

59 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Audited Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 61 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in S tock holders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

60 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Adoption of New Accounting Standard 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), as amended, effective January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 28, 2023 
 
 61 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands except share data) ASSETS Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease asset Property and equipment, net Convertible note receivable Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expense and other current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Deferred revenue Operating lease liability - current Total current liabilities Notes payable Operating lease liability - non-current Warrant liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Common stock par value per share, authorized at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; (par value per share, authorized at December 31, 2021; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

62 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC . 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands except share data) Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, servicing and marketing Technology and software development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) Change in fair value of warrants Forgiveness of PPP loan Loss before income tax ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 
 63 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in- Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Amount Amount Amount (In thousands except share data) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Issue of common stock Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Recapitalization Lease standard adoption ) ) Issue of common stock Issue of common stock Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) shares to satisfy a million commitment fee for the Cantor Equity Facility 
 shares as repayment on the L1 Notes payable 

64 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Discount amortization on convertible notes Stock-based compensation expense Operating lease right of use assets amortization Bad debt expense Forgiveness of PPP Loan ) Accrued interest on convertible notes Change in fair value of warrants ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Contract assets ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) Related party payable ) Related party receivable Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Business combination, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of convertible note ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Business combination, net of transaction cost Proceeds from convertible notes Repayment of convertible notes ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flows disclosures Income taxes paid Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of non cash activities Conversion of convertible note and interest into common stock 
 Warrants assumed in business combination at estimated fair value Conversion of L1 Notes into common stock Issue of common stock for business combination Indemnity holdback for business combination 
 65 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 
 direct wholly-owned subsidiary, SpringBig, Inc. 
 
 On June 14, 2022 (the Closing Date ), SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation Tuatara or TCAC )), consummated the business combination of SpringBig, Inc. Legacy SpringBig and HighJump Merger Sub, Inc., the wholly-owned subsidiary of Tuatara, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Plan Merger, dated as of April 14, 2022, as amended, by and among Tuatara, HighJump Merger Sub, Inc. and Legacy SpringBig. Prior to the closing of the business combination (the Closing ), Tuatara changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. In connection with the Closing, the registrant changed its name from Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation to SpringBig Holdings, Inc. SpringBig will continue the existing business operations of Legacy SpringBig as a publicly traded company. See Note 9, Business Combination, to these consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 While the legal acquirer in the business combination is SpringBig for financial accounting and reporting purposes under U.S. GAAP, Legacy SpringBig is the accounting acquirer, with the merger accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the combined entity represent the continuation of the financial statements of Legacy SpringBig. Under this accounting method, SpringBig is treated as the acquired company and Legacy SpringBig is the accounting acquirer, with the transaction treated as a recapitalization of Legacy SpringBig. SpringBig s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with Legacy SpringBig s beginning on the date of the business combination. Except for certain warrant liabilities, the assets and liabilities of SpringBig were recognized at historical cost (which is consistent with carrying value) and were not material, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. The warrant liabilities, which are discussed in Note 13, Warrant Liabilities, were recorded at fair value. The consolidated assets, liabilities, and results of operations of Legacy SpringBig became the historical financial statements, and operations prior to the closing of the business combination presented for comparative purposes are those of Legacy SpringBig. Pre-merger shares of common stock and preferred stock of Legacy SpringBig were converted to shares of common stock of the combined company using the conversion ratio of and for comparative purposes, the shares and net loss per share of Legacy SpringBig prior to the merger have been retroactively restated using the conversion ratio. 
 
 Beginning June 15, 2022, the ticker symbols for the Company s common stock and publicly-traded warrants were changed to SBIG and SBIGW, respectively, and commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Market. The Company received net proceeds of million, with gross proceeds of million, which were in addition to the million in Convertible Notes proceeds, which were received in February 2022 in connection with Legacy SpringBig s issuance of such notes (and which Convertible Notes and the interest due thereon were converted into common stock in connection with the business combination. See Note 10, Convertible Promissory Notes, to these consolidated financial statements). Of the amount received at the Closing, approximately million represented cash from the TCAC trust related to unredeemed shares; million represented proceeds from the subscription for common stock from certain investors (the PIPE Financing ), and million from the Secured Convertible Note (defined below). The Company incurred additional cash and non cash expenses totaling million, resulting in net business combination proceeds of million. 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (as amended, the Stock Purchase Agreement with CF Principal Investments LLC ("Cantor"), an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald L.P. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to Cantor, and Cantor 
 66 

SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million of common shares, par value per share, subject to certain terms and conditions (the Facility ). 

NOTE 2 

Going Concern and Liquidity 
 
 Historically, the Company has incurred losses, which has resulted in an accumulated deficit of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Cash flows used in operating activities were million and million, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately million, inclusive of million in cash and cash equivalents to cover overhead expenses. 
 
 The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to meet its liquidity needs through a combination of factors including, but not limited to, cash and cash equivalents, the ongoing increase in revenue through increased usage by customers and new customers, its Stock Purchase Agreement and strategic capital raises. The ultimate success of these plans is not guaranteed. 
 
 Based on management projections for increases in revenue and cash on hand, we concluded that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue to operate as a going concern for the 12 months following the issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments that might result from uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

67 

operating and reportable segment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 280, Segment Reporting. 

We had one customer representing of total revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. By comparison, we had one customer that represented of total revenues for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the same customer represented and of accounts receivable, respectively. 

See Note 9, Business Combination, to these consolidated financial statements for further information. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company exceeded the federally insured limits of 250,000 for interest and non-interest bearing deposits. The Company had cash balances with a single financial institution in excess of the FDIC insured limits by million as of December 31, 2022. We monitor the financial condition of such institution and have not experienced any losses associated with these accounts. 
 
 68 

, which is the estimated number of years a customer is retained. 
 
 . 

The Company did not recognize any impairment loss in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 69 

years, using the straight-line method. The amount for intangible assets is included in property and equipment on the balance sheets. 

70 

Advertising costs were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

71 

The Company has analyzed the tax positions taken and has concluded that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, that would require recognition of a liability or disclosure in the financial statements. 
 
 72 

73 

NOTE 3 
 
 Unbilled receivables Total receivables Less allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Bad debt expense was million and for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 4 
 
 Other prepaid expenses Deposits 

74 

NOTE 5 
 
 Furniture Fixtures Data warehouse Software Total Cost Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and Equipment 
 
 The useful life of computer equipment, furniture and fixtures, software and the data warehouse is years. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The amounts are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE 6 
 
 in aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory note due April 1, 2026 (the Convertible Note Receivable ). 
 
 The Convertible Note Receivable accrues interest at the rate of per annum on the principal amount of the Convertible Note Receivable. The issuer may not prepay the note prior to its maturity date without the consent of the Company. The Convertible Note Receivable is convertible into common stock of the issuer, and the conversion price is based on the occurrence of certain actions by the issuer. 
 
 The Company earned in interest income on the Convertible Note Receivable for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 7 
 
 Accrued professional fees Other liabilities Financial advisory fees payable 

75 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in technology and software development expenses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded and , respectively, in accounts payable related to this related party vendor. 

NOTE 9 
 
 Class A ordinary shares of Tuatara sold in its initial public offering properly exercised their right to have such shares redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the trust account holding the proceeds from Tuatara s IPO, which was approximately per share, or in the aggregate. The holders that did not elect to have their shares redeemed, received, following the domestication, additional shares of common stock which amounted to shares of common stock, resulting in total shares of . 
 
 Beginning June 15, 2022, the ticker symbols for TCAC s common stock and warrants were ch anged to SBIG and SBIGW, respectively, and commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Market. The Company received net proceeds of million , with gross proceeds of million , in addition to the million Convertible Notes which were issued in February 2022 and were converted into common stock at the Closing, see Note 10 , Convertible Promissory Notes, to these consolidated financial statements for further information. Of the amounts received, approximately million represents remaining funds for unredeemed shares from the TCAC trust; million from PIPE Financing proceeds and million from the Secured Convertible Note. On consummation of the Business Combination, Legacy SpringBig options were converted into options of SpringBig as disclosed in Note 16. 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement with Cantor, which was subsequently amended on July 20, 2022. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to Cantor, and Cantor shall purchase from the Company, up to million of common shares, par value per share, subject to certain terms and conditions. During the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued shares to satisfy a million commitment fee for the Cantor Equity Facility. 
 
 Proceeds from convertible notes Proceeds from PIPE Financing TCAC operating account Gross proceeds available at closing Expenses paid at closing ) Net cash to Legacy SpringBig at closing Post closing expense (cash paid or accrued for expenses by Legacy SpringBig) ) Net cash after closing 

76 

PIPE Investors TCAC sponsor shareholders Legacy SpringBig shareholders Issued and outstanding 
 
 Of the shares of common stock shown above, shares were issued to holders of the Convertible Note (which was converted at Closing), representing repayment of principal of million and outstanding interest of , in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Notes. See Note 10, Convertible Promissory Note, to these consolidated financial statements for further information . 
 
 Acquisition of Beaches Development Group Ltd 
 
 In January 2021, Legacy SpringBig formed Medici Canada LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, to acquire all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Beaches Development Group LTD, an Ontario corporation, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. 
 
 The fair value of the consideration paid in connection with this transaction was satisfied through the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share converted at a conversion rate of into SpringBig Holdings, Inc. shares), valued at plus cash consideration of . 
 
 Less: Post combination cost - restricted shares ) Fair value of net shares Cash consideration Indemnity holdback Fair value of purchase consideration Assets assumed Goodwill Intangibles (Software) Fair value of assets 
 
 Of the shares, shares with a value of approximately were issued to the sellers at the closing of the transaction. of the sellers signed employment contracts with Beaches Development Group LTD; shares were allocated to them as purchase consideration with a value of and were unvested as of the closing date of the acquisition (the acquisition date ). Such unvested shares were scheduled to vest, over a period, with in the first year and the remaining in the second year following the acquisition date. As a result, the shares were treated as post-combination expense and were restricted at the time of issuance. All unvested shares were subsequently vested with the consummation of the business combination on June 14, 2022. 
 
 Approximately of the cash price was initially withheld as an indemnity holdback to offset any losses payable by the Company for a period of 12 months, any remaining indemnity to be released to the seller s representative. The indemnity holdback was paid to the seller during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 77 

; this was the only tangible asset assumed at purchase, no liabilities assumed. The purchase price was allocated to the cash assumed with the excess of allocated to software intangible assets and is included under property and equipment in the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company adopted a cost to replace valuation approach in ascertaining the value of the software. 
 
 Software intangible assets are being amortized over a period. The Company incurred amortization expense of approximately and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operation. The aggregate remaining amortization expense is approximately . 

NOTE 10 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES 
 
 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory notes due September 30, 2022 (the Convertible Notes ). 
 
 The Convertible Notes accrued interest at the rate of per annum on the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, due and payable at the maturity date of September 30, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), if not converted prior to the maturity date. Under the terms of such notes, the conversion of the Convertible Notes could be triggered by the closing of the business combination between Tuatara and Legacy SpringBig, the occurrence of the stated maturity date, or in connection with certain equity issuances. The Convertible Notes contained customary events of default such as failures to observe or perform any covenants, obligation, condition or agreement contained in the Convertible Notes and commencement of bankruptcy. 
 
 shares of common stock at a price of per share, representing repayment of principal of million and outstanding interest of , in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Notes. 

NOTE 11 
 
 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Note, due June 14, 2024 (the Secured Convertible Notes ), issued at a discount of million, with proceeds of million received on the Closing Date. The Secured Convertible Notes accrue interest at the rate of per annum which is payable in cash quarterly in arrears through June 2024. The principal is payable in equal amounts monthly through June 2024 beginning after the issuance of the Secured Convertible Notes. The Company may, at its option, satisfy each principal payment either in cash or, if certain conditions set forth in the Secured Convertible Notes are met, by issuing a number of shares of common stock equal to the amount due on such date divided by the lower of (i) the number of shares determined based on at a rate of per share or (ii) of the volume-weighted average price prior to such monthly payment date. 
 
 A warrant representing shares of common stock of the Company (the Convertible Warrant with a fair value of was also issued in a private placement with the purchaser party thereto. The Convertible Warrant is exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. Warrants are classified as equity on SpringBig s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company performed a Black-Scholes calculation as of June 14, 2022 to determine the fair value of the Convertible Warrant on such date using a stock price of , a strike price of , a risk free rate of , annualized volatilty of , and a time to maturity of . It was determined that the fair value of the Convertible Warrant on June 14, 2022 was approximately as compared to the previously reported fair value of . Accordingly, SpringBig recorded an adjustment of approximately to reduce the carrying value of the L1 Note and increase additional paid-in capital as of June 14, 2022. 

78 

Notes payable ) Carrying amount ) Additional paid-in capital 
 
 QUARTER ENDING September 30, September 30, 2022 2022 As reported Adjustment Revised Current maturities of long-term debt Notes payable ) Carrying amount ) Additional paid-in capital 
 
 The Secured Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holder beginning at the earlier of (i) the date of effectiveness of a registration statement as contemplated in that certain Registration Rights Agreement entered into between the Company and the purchaser party thereto or (ii) June 14, 2023 at an initial conversion share price of per share. 
 
 The Secured Convertible Notes are secured against substantially all the assets of the Company and each material subsidiary, including Legacy SpringBig. 
 
 The Secured Convertible Notes include restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company to incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; incur liens or allow mortgages or other encumbrances; prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain other debt; pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our capital stock; sell assets or enter into or effect certain other transactions (including a reorganization, consolidation, dissolution or similar transaction or selling, leasing, licensing, transferring or otherwise disposing of assets of the Company or its subsidiaries); issue additional equity (outside of the equity facility with Cantor, issuances under our equity compensation plan and other limited exceptions); enter into variable rate transactions (exclusive of the equity facility with Cantor); and adopt certain amendments to our governing documents, among other restrictions. The Secured Convertible Notes also contain customary events of default. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal of the Secured Convertible Notes was million with a carrying value of million, net of discount of million. 
 
 The Company recorded and of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

79 

NOTE 12 
 
 from a Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan on May 1, 2020, through the Small Business Administration SBA that was made available under the CARES Act in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. On August 11, 2021, the Company received full forgiveness for the PPP loan. The income from forgiveness is included on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 13 
 
 Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share, for aggregate consideration of million as part of the units offered by the prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of their initial public offering, issued in a private placement an aggregate of private placement warrants for aggregate consideration of million, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. 
 
 The Company accounts for the warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging, under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and hence are recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the warrants is million. 
 
 The Company recorded a change in fair value gain of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This amount is included in the statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The fair value is determined in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . See Note 19, Fair Value Measurements, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. 

NOTE 14 
 
 ) Cost of revenues ) ) Gross profit 

80 

) Cost of revenues ) ) Gross profit 
 
 QUARTER ENDING YEAR TO DATE June 30, June 30, June 30, June 30, 2022 2022 2022 2022 As reported Adjustment Revised As reported Adjustment Revised Revenues ) ) Cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Gross profit 
 
 QUARTER ENDING YEAR TO DATE September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2022 2022 2022 2022 As reported Adjustment Revised As reported Adjustment Revised Revenues ) ) Cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Gross profit 
 
 Retail revenue Total Revenue 

81 

Canada Retail revenue United States Canada 
 
 Revenues by geography are generally based on the country of the Company s contracting entity. Total United States revenue was approximately of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 15 

Contract liabilities consisted of the following as of (in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Deferred retail revenues Deferred brands revenues Contract liabilities 

82 

Amounts invoiced during the period Less revenue recognized during the period ) ) Contract liabilities at end of the period 

NOTE 16 
 
 , which equaled the amount of shares of our common stock equal to of the sum of (i) the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of the Closing and (ii) the number of shares of our common stock underlying stock options issued under the SpringBig, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated) (the Legacy Incentive Plan that were outstanding as of the Closing. Shares subject to stock awards granted under the 2022 Incentive Plan that expire or terminate without being exercised in full, or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares, will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Plan. 
 
 Prior to the closing of the business combination, Legacy SpringBig maintained an equity incentive plan (the Legacy Incentive Plan ), which was originally established effective December 1, 2017. The Legacy Incentive Plan permitted the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards, and restricted stock unit awards to Legacy SpringBig and its affiliates employees, consultants and directors. SpringBig will not grant any additional awards under the Legacy Incentive Plan following the business combination. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, compensation expense recorded in connection with the Company s incentive plans was million and million, respectively. These are included in general and administrative expense on the statements of operations. 

83 

Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options cancelled ) Outstanding Balance, June 14, 2022 Conversion ratio SpringBig Holdings options Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Outstanding Balance, Dec. 31, 2022 
 The intrinsic value of the options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and , respectively. 
 
 With the consummation of the business combination, all outstanding options were vested with the exception of options granted to certain executives of the Company. The cost associated with the early vesting was million and is included in administrative expense on the statement of operations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value option grants and to determine the related compensation expense. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based payment awards represent management s best estimations. The Company based its expected volatility based on the volatilities of certain publicly traded peer companies. 
 
 The risk-free interest rate used for each grant is equal to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for instruments with a similar expected life. The expected term of options granted was determined based on the expected holding period at the time of the grant. GAAP also requires that the Company recognize compensation expense for only the portion of options that are expected to vest. 
 
 On July 7, 2022, the Company issued Restricted Stock Units to its employees, which were awarded when the price per share was . By December 31, 2022, of the Restricted Stock Units had been forfeited by terminated employees. After forfeitures, the outstanding number of Restricted Stock Units at December 31, 2022 was . The Restricted Stock Units vest over a year period and have a weighted average remaining vesting term of years. The compensation expense recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Restricted Stock Units was and the remaining expense of approximately million will be recognized in future periods. 

NOTE 17 
 
 , will be eligible for a target cash incentive opportunity of up to of his 
 84 

, will be eligible for a target cash incentive opportunity of up to of his annual base salary, and will be eligible to receive equity incentive awards under SpringBig s long-term incentive plan as in effect from time to time. 
 
 In addition, the SpringBig board of directors awarded each of Mr. Harris and Mr. Sykes a one-time cash bonus in the amount of and , respectively, which was awarded as of the Closing, the amount is included in administrative expenses on the statement of operations. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 The Company is from time to time involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of its business. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company records a provision for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Management believes that the outcome of such legal proceedings, legal actions and claims will not have a significant adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 18 - 
 
 million and lease liabilities of million. A cumulative effect adjustment to equity of was recorded as of the adoption date. 
 
 The Company leases office facilities in Boca Raton, Florida, Seattle, Washington and Ontario, Canada under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. The leases require monthly payments ranging from to and expire on various dates through November 2024. In addition to minimum rent, the Company is required to pay a proportionate share of operating expenses under these leases. 
 
 In June of 2022, the Company entered into a lease with the current landlord for the Company s corporate headquarters under which the current leases will be replaced by the new lease on a single floor in the same building as the Company currently occupies. The new lease will commence on the sooner of the day the Company takes occupancy or day of substantial completion of leasehold improvements. Neither of these events had taken place as of December 31, 2022. The new lease term is for months. Rental payments range from to over the life of the lease. 
 
 Rent expense was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. Of the for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to operating leases under ASC 842 with the remainder attributable to common area maintenance, taxes, and other charges. 

85 

Liabilities Current Non-current Total Operating Lease Liability 
 
 For the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company s operating lease cost was million. 
 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases (months) Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 
 2024 Total lease payments Less Imputed Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

NOTE 19 

86 

Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

The following is a description of the methodologies used to estimate the fair values of liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Warrant liabilities 
 
 Prior to the business combination, TCAC issued warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price of per whole share, as part of the units offered by the prospectus for their initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of their initial public offering, issued in a private placement an aggregate of private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. 
 
 The Company utilizes a fair value approach to account for its warrants based on the quoted price at December 31, 2022, and the calculation is consistent with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recorded in current earnings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the value of the public and private warrants was approximately million using a closing price of . 

87 

Assumed in business combination at fair value Change in fair value ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Changes in fair value included in earnings for the period relating to liabilities held at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, an aggregate of private placement warrants issued for aggregate consideration of million in connection with the business combination were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. These private placement warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the business combination (i.e., until July 14, 2022). As of September 30, 2022, the Company was more than 30 days beyond the business combination and hence, the private placement warrants became marketable and Level 1. 
 
 Other Fair Value Considerations Carrying value of accounts receivables, contract assets, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities and/or low credit risk. 

NOTE 20 
 
 shares of SpringBig, common stock issued to the holders of Tuatara Class A ordinary shares and Tuatara Class B ordinary shares that automatically convert into Tuatara Class A ordinary shares upon the occurrence of the business combination in accordance with Tuatara s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as consideration in the business combination (comprised of Class A ordinary shares after giving effect to the redemptions and the issuance of shares to public shareholders who did not elect to redeem their public shares and Class B ordinary shares that converted into common stock), (ii) shares of SpringBig common stock issued to the stockholders of SpringBig as consideration in the business combination, (iii) warrants to purchase shares of SpringBig common stock issued to holders of the Public Shares upon conversion of warrants to purchase Tuatara Class A ordinary shares in connection with the business combination (each, a New SpringBig Public Warrant ), (iv) warrants to purchase shares of SpringBig common stock issued to Sponsor upon conversion of warrants to purchase Tuatara Class A Common Stock, and (v) shares of SpringBig common stock issued to private investors (the PIPE Investors in the PIPE Financing, plus shares paid to certain PIPE Investors pursuant to the Convertible Notes. 
 
 Prior to the consummation of the business combination, the capital stock of Legacy SpringBig consisted of Series A, B and Seed preferred stock which was automatically convertible into common stock at the earlier of a million initial public offering or vote of of majority of preferred stockholders. The conversation rate of all preferred stock was at a to one ratio to common stock. The preferred shares of stock were converted to SpringBig common stock at the Closing Date. 

88 

Series A Preferred Series Seed Preferred Common Stock 
 
 Sponsor Escrow Agreement 
 
 At the time of the Closing, TCAC Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ), Tuatara and certain independent members of Tuatara s board of directors entered into an escrow agreement Sponsor Escrow Agreement ), providing that (i) immediately following the Closing, Sponsor and certain of Tuatara s board of directors independent directors shall deposit an aggregate of shares of our Common Stock (such deposited shares, the Sponsor Earnout Shares into escrow, (ii) the Sponsor Earnout Shares shall be released to the Sponsor if the closing price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) on any twenty ) trading days in a thirty ) trading-day period ending at any time after the Closing Date and before the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, and (iii) the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be terminated and canceled by us if such condition is not met by the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 
 Contingent and Earnout Shares 
 
 The holders of Legacy SpringBig s common stock and the engaged option holders (employees or engaged consultants of Legacy SpringBig who held Legacy SpringBig options at the effective time of the business combination and who remains employed or engaged by Legacy SpringBig at the time of such payment of contingent shares) shall be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of such number of shares, fully paid and free and clear of all liens other than applicable federal and state securities law restrictions, as set forth below upon satisfaction of any of the following conditions: 
 
 a. contingent shares if the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share on any twenty ) trading days in a thirty )-trading day period at any time after the Closing Date and no later than months following the Closing Date; 
 
 b. contingent shares if the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share on any twenty ) trading days in a thirty )-trading day period at any time after the Closing Date and no later than months following the Closing Date; and 
 
 c. contingent shares if the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share on any twenty ) trading days in a thirty )-trading day period at any time after the Closing Date and no later than months following the Closing Date. 

With the consummation of the business combination, the Company s authorized capital stock is shares, consisting of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, with par value of per share. 

89 

NOTE 21 
 
 and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 
 ) Denominator Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted Net loss per common share Basic and diluted 
 
 Shares subject to outstanding common stock options Shares subject to convertible notes stock conversion Shares subject to warrants stock conversion Shares subject to contingent earn out Restricted stock units 

NOTE 22 
 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 90 

NOTE 23 
 
 State International ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State income tax expense Foreign income and losses taxed at different rates ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Paycheck protection program forgiveness ) Non-deductible or non-taxable items ) ) Foreign income taxes Effect of income tax rate changes on deferred items ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, Management evaluates whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the 
 91 

Net operating loss - US Federal Net operating loss - US State Net operating loss - Foreign Property and equipment, net Operating lease liability Stock based compensation Total gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Operating lease right of use asset ) Property and equipment, net ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 
 
 The Company has incurred significant losses in recent periods. As a result, we maintained valuation allowances against our domestic and foreign deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, to reduce their carrying values to amounts that are realizable either through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences or through taxable income in carryback years for the applicable jurisdictions. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has federal net operating loss available to carryforward of approximately million which will be carried forward indefinitely. Pursuant to IRC 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as a result of a cumulative change in stock ownership of more than 50 over a three-year period. The Company has not determined whether such a change has occurred and accordingly, the utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations. 
 
 The Company has state net and foreign operating loss available to carryforward of approximately million and million, respectively, which begin expiring in 2030 and 2037, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company has evaluated its tax positions for any uncertainties based on the technical merits of the positions taken. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be upheld on examination by taxing authorities. The Company has analyzed the tax positions 
 92 

NOTE 24 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed the business combination on June 14, 2022. Prior to the business combination, Legacy SpringBig was a private company and, therefore, its controls were not required to be designed or maintained in accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. The design and implementation of internal control over financial reporting for the Company post-business combination has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from management and other personnel. Because of this, the design and ongoing development of our framework for implementation and evaluation of internal control over financial reporting is in its preliminary stages. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense to conduct a comprehensive assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are excluding management's report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 215.02 of the SEC Division of Corporation Finance's Regulation S-K Compliance Disclosure Interpretations. 
 
 Our management concluded that at December 31, 2022, we had a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We concluded that we did not have accounting personnel with adequate expertise in GAAP to ensure that complex material and/or non-routine transactions are properly reflected in our consolidated financial statements. We also noted that we did not perform adequate independent reviews and 
 93 

maintain effective controls related to the preparation of consolidated financial statements, related notes thereto, account analyses, account summaries and account reconciliations. 
 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to an exemption provided by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the 4th quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

94 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required under this Item will be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required under this Item will be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required under this Item will be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required under this Item will be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required under this Item will be contained in the definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated herein by reference. 

95 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date SEC File # 2.1 Amended and Restated Merger Agreement with Amendment No. 1. 
 Proxy Statement / Prospectus Annex A May 17, 2022 333-262628 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 3.2 By-Laws of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 4.1 Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Promissory Note dated June 14, 2022 between SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and the holder party thereto. 
 8-K 4.1 June 21, 2022 001-40049 4.2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant SpringBig Holdings Inc. 
 8-K 4.2 June 21, 2022 001-40049 4.3 Amendment to Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Promissory Note dated December 1, 2022 between SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and the holder party thereto. 
 8-K/A 10.1 December 01, 2022 001-40049 4.4 Description of Securities of SpringBig Holdings Inc. 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and between Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 8-K 4.1 February 17, 2021 001-40049 10.1 Form of Sponsor Escrow Agreement. 
 8-K 10.1 June 21, 2022 001-40049 10.2 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 14, 2022, by and among New SpringBig, the Sponsor and other holders party thereto. 
 8-K 10.2 June 21, 2022 001-40049 10.3 Form of Subscription Agreement. 
 8-K 10.2 November 09, 2021 001-40049 10.4 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 29, 2022, among Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation, and L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund. 
 8-K 10.3 May 02, 2022 001-40049 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 14, 2022, among SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and the investors party thereto. 
 8-K 10.5 June 21, 2022 001-40049 10.6# SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 10.6 June 21, 2022 001-40049 10.7# Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 8, 2021 by and between SpringBig and Jeffrey Harris. 
 8-K 10.7 June 21, 2022 001-40049 10.8# Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 8, 2021 by and between SpringBig and Paul Sykes. 
 8-K 10.7 June 21, 2022 001-40049 10.9 Purchase Agreement, dated April 29, 2022, between Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation and CF Principal Investments LLC. 
 8-K 10.2 May 02, 2022 001-40049 10.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 29, 2022, between Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation and CF Principal Investments LLC. 
 8-K 10.3 May 02, 2022 001-40049 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement, dated July 20, 2022, by and between SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and CF Principal Investments LLC. 
 S-1 10.11 July 22, 2022 333-266293 10.12 Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and between SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund. 
 8-K/A 10.1 December 01, 2022 001-40049 10.13 Amendment No. 2 to Purchase Agreement, dated December 28, 2022, by and between SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund. 
 8-K 10.1 December 29, 2022 001-40049 21.1 Subsidiaries of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 23.1 Consent of Marcum LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 96 

32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 99.1 June 21, 2022 001-40049 99.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 S-8 99.2 August 22, 2022 333-267011 101.INS XBRL Instance Document[2] 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Indicates a management or compensatory plan. 
 Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the Commission upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 97 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey Harris Name: Jeffrey Harris Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 28, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeffrey Harris and Paul Sykes, jointly and severally, his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

98 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Jeffrey Harris 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (principal executive officer) 
 March 28, 2023 Jeffrey Harris 
 /s/ Paul Sykes 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 
 March 28, 2023 Paul Sykes 
 /s/ Steven Bernstein 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 Steven Bernstein 
 /s/ Patricia Glassford 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 Patricia Glassford 
 /s/ Amanda Lannert 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 Amanda Lannert 
 /s/ Phil Schwarz 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 Phil Schwarz 
 /s/ Sergey Sherman 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 Sergey Sherman 
 /s/ Jon Trauben 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 Jon Trauben 

99 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 wdq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 wdq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 wdq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 wdq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 wdq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-3.1 CERTIFICATE O>
 7
 exhibit31certificateofinco.htm
 EX-3.1 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 3.1 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 OF 
 
 SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 June 13, 2022 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 NAME 
 
 The name of the corporation is SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation ). 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 PURPOSE EFFECTIVENESS 
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In addition to the powers and privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation. The Corporation is being incorporated in connection with the domestication of Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company Tuatara ), as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the DGCL and Part XII of the Cayman Islands Companies Act (2021 Revision) (the Domestication ). This Certificate of Incorporation is being filed simultaneously with the Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Tuatara and shall be effective upon the effectiveness of the Domestication. 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 REGISTERED AGENT 
 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801, and the name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 CAPITALIZATION 
 
 Section 4.1. Authorized Capital Stock. Subject to Section 4.2 , the total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 350,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 300,000,000 shares of common stock (the Common Stock ), and (b) 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Section 4.2. Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions. 

Section 4.3. Common Stock. 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. The holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 
 
 (b) Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of the Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of shares of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 
 
 (c) Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, the holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor, and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 
 
 Section 4.4. Rights and Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to purchase shares of any class or series of the Corporation s capital stock or other securities of the Corporation, and such rights, warrants and options shall be evidenced by instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options provided , however , that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock subject thereto may not be less than the par value thereof. 
 
 Section 4.5. No Class Vote on Changes in Authorized Number of Shares of Stock . Subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the number of authorized shares of any class or classes of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of the stock entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 5.1. Board Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Certificate of Incorporation or the current Bylaws of the Corporation Bylaws ), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL and this Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws. 
 
 Section 5.2. Number, Election and Term . 
 
 (a) The number of directors of the Corporation shall (i) as of the date of this Certificate of Incorporation, be seven (7), and (ii) thereafter, be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, and designated Class I, Class II and Class III. The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to Class I, Class II or Class III. The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation and the term of the initial Class III 

Directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, beginning with the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, if the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at an annual meeting of stockholders by holders of the Common Stock. 
 
 (c) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 
 
 (d) There shall be no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. 
 
 Section 5.3. Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause shall be filled solely by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 
 
 Section 5.4. Removal . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 Section 5.5. Preferred Stock - Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V , and except as otherwise required by law, whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 BYLAWS 
 
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders provided , however , that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws provided further , however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS NO ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 

Section 7.1. Meetings . Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied. 
 
 Section 7.2. Advance Notice . Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 
 
 Section 7.3. No Action by Written Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 LIMITED LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Section 8.1. Limitation of Director Liability . A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 
 
 Section 8.2. Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . 
 
 (a) To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, investigation, arbitration or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including an action by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor (each, a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or, while a director or officer of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes, damages, claims and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition provided , however , that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a) , except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 
 
 (b) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any repeal or amendment of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 
 
 (d) This Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than indemnitees. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 
 
 The doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine to a corporate opportunity would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Certificate of Incorporation or in the future. In addition to the foregoing, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to any other corporate opportunity with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless such corporate opportunity is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue. 
 
 Neither the alteration, amendment, addition to or repeal of this Article IX , nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) inconsistent with this Article IX , shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article IX in respect of any business opportunity first identified or any other matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article IX , would accrue or arise, prior to such alteration, amendment, addition, repeal or adoption. This Article IX shall not limit any protections or defenses available to, or indemnification or advancement rights of, any director or officer of the Corporation under this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or applicable law. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 The Corporation reserves the right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL, and, except as set forth in Article VIII , all rights, preferences and privileges herein conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article X . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and notwithstanding that a lesser percentage may be permitted from time to time by applicable law, no provision of Article V , Section 7.1 , Section 7.3 , Article VIII , Article IX and this Article X may be altered, amended or repealed in any respect, nor may any provision or bylaw inconsistent therewith be adopted, unless, in addition to any other vote required by this Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise required by law, such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two thirds of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 
 FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES 
 
 Section 11.1 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts 

lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation (B) any action or proceeding (including any class action) asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders (C) any action or proceeding (including any class action) asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time) (D) any action or proceeding (including any class action) to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder) (E) any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (F) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This Article XI shall not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 11.2 If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 11.1 is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 11.1 (an Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 
 The name and mailing address of the incorporator are 
 
 Name Mailing Address Albert Foreman 655 Third Avenue, 8th Floor New York, New York 10017 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Incorporation as of the date first set forth above. 
 s Albert Foreman Albert Foreman Incorporator 

</EX-3.1 CERTIFICATE O>

<EX-3.2 BY-LAWS>
 8
 exhibit32bylaws.htm
 EX-3.2 BY-LAWS

Document 

EXHIBIT 3.2 
 BYLAWS 
 OF 
 SPRINGBIG HOLDINGS, INC. 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 
 Section 1.1. Registered Office . The registered office of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation within the State of Delaware shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. 
 
 Section 1.2. Additional Offices . The Corporation may, in addition to its registered office in the State of Delaware, have such other offices and places of business, both within and outside the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board may from time to time determine or as the business and affairs of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 
 STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 
 Section 2.1. Annual Meetings . The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and time and on such date as shall be determined by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting, provided that the Board may in its sole discretion determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication pursuant to Section 9.5(a) . At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters shall elect those directors of the Corporation to fill any term of a directorship that expires on the date of such annual meeting and may transact any other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. 
 
 Section 2.2. Special Meetings . Subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and may not be called by any other person. Special meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and on such date as shall be determined by the Board and stated in the Corporation's notice of the meeting, provided that the Board may in its sole discretion determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication pursuant to Section 9.5(a) . 
 
 Section 2.3. Notices . Notice of each stockholders meeting stating the place, if any, date, and time of the meeting, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, shall be given in the manner permitted by Section 9.3 to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting by the Corporation not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting unless otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). If said notice is for a stockholders meeting other than an annual meeting, it shall in addition state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the business transacted at such meeting shall be limited to the matters so stated in the Corporation's notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto). Any meeting of stockholders as to which notice has been given may be postponed, and any meeting of stockholders as to which notice has been given may be cancelled, by the Board upon public announcement (as defined in Section 2.7(c) given before the date previously scheduled for such meeting. 
 
 Section 2.4. Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation ), or these Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy, at a stockholders meeting of the holders of shares of outstanding 

capital stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class, the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such business. If a quorum shall not be present or represented by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.6 until a quorum shall attend. The stockholders present at a duly convened meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes provided , however , that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any such other corporation to vote shares held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 
 
 Section 2.5. Voting of Shares . 
 
 a. Voting Lists . The Secretary shall prepare, or shall cause the officer or agent who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation to prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders of record entitled to vote at such meeting and showing the address and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing contained in this Section 2.5(a) shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If a meeting of stockholders is to be held solely by means of remote communication as permitted by Section 9.5(a) , the list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of meeting. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list required by this Section 2.5(a) or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 
 
 b. Manner of Voting . At any stockholders meeting, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy. If authorized by the Board, the voting by stockholders or proxy holders at any meeting conducted by remote communication may be effected by a ballot submitted by electronic transmission (as defined in Section 9.3 ), provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which the Corporation can determine that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxy holder. The Board, in its discretion, or the chairman of the meeting of stockholders, in such person's discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot. 
 
 c. Proxies . Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Proxies need not be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation until the meeting is called to order, but shall be filed with the Secretary before being voted. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, either of the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority. 
 
 i. A stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or such stockholder's authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such person's 

signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature. 
 
 ii. A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a stockholder may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. 
 
 d. Required Vote . Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of preferred stock of the Corporation Preferred Stock ), voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, at all meetings of stockholders at which a quorum is present, the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. All other matters presented to the stockholders at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon, unless the matter is one upon which, by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or applicable stock exchange rules, a different vote is required, in which case such provision shall govern and control the decision of such matter. 
 
 e. Inspectors of Election . The Board may, and shall if required by law, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more persons as inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation or otherwise serve the Corporation in other capacities, to act at such meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof and to make a written report thereof. The Board may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspectors of election or alternates are appointed by the Board, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall ascertain and report the number of outstanding shares and the voting power of each determine the number of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots count all votes and ballots and report the results determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and their count of all votes and ballots. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. Each report of an inspector shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. 
 
 Section 2.6. Adjournments . Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned by the chairman of the meeting, from time to time, whether or not there is a quorum, to reconvene at the same or some other place. Notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the date, time, and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the stockholders, or the holders of any class or series of stock entitled to vote separately as a class, as the case may be, may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 9.2 , and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 

Section 2.7. Advance Notice for Business . 
 
 a. Annual Meetings of Stockholders . No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (i) specified in the Corporation's notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation (x) who is a stockholder of record entitled to vote at such annual meeting on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 2.7(a) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (y) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.7(a) . Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.7(a) to the contrary, only persons nominated for election as a director to fill any term of a directorship that expires on the date of the annual meeting pursuant to Section 3.2 will be considered for election at such meeting. 
 
 i. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business (other than nominations) to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation and such business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action. Subject to Section 2.7(a)(iii) , a stockholder's notice to the Secretary with respect to such business, to be timely, must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders provided , however , that in the event that the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (A) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting and (B) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by the Corporation. The public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.7(a) . 
 
 ii. To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary with respect to any business (other than nominations) must set forth as to each such matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment) and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (B) the name and record address of such stockholder and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and by the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (D) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder, (E) any material interest of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in such business and (F) a representation that such stockholder (or a qualified representative of such stockholder) intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. 
 
 iii. The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 2.7pr(a) shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder as to any proposal (other than nominations) if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of such stockholder's intention to present such proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and such stockholder has complied with the requirements of such Rule for inclusion of such proposal in a proxy statement prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures 

set forth in this Section 2.7(a) , provided , however , that once business has been properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with such procedures, nothing in this Section 2.7(a) shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any such business. If the Board or the chairman of the annual meeting determines that any stockholder proposal was not made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.7(a) or that the information provided in a stockholder's notice does not satisfy the information requirements of this Section 2.7(a) , such proposal shall not be presented for action at the annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.7(a) , if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such matter may have been received by the Corporation. 
 
 iv. In addition to the provisions of this Section 2.7(a) , a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 2.7(a) shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 b. Special Meetings of Stockholder s. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting only pursuant to Section 3.2 . 
 
 c. Public Announcement . For purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto). 
 
 Section 2.8. Conduct of Meetings. The chairman of each annual and special meeting of stockholders shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chief Executive Officer or if the Chief Executive Officer is not a director, the President (if he or she shall be a director) or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President or if the President is not a director, such other person as shall be appointed by the Board. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the chairman of the meeting. The Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with these Bylaws or such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following 
 (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. The secretary of each annual and special meeting of stockholders shall be the Secretary or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary so appointed to act by the chairman of the meeting. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 2.9. Consents in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders. 

ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 Section 3.1. Powers Number . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. Directors need not be stockholders or residents of the State of Delaware. Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the number of directors shall be fixed exclusively by resolution of the Board. 
 
 Section 3.2. Advance Notice for Nomination of Directors . 
 
 a. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided by the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock with respect to the rights of holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock to elect directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors as set forth in the Corporation's notice of such special meeting, may be made (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (A) who is a stockholder of record entitled to vote in the election of directors on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 3.2 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.2 . 
 
 b. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders provided , however , that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 45 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received no earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (A) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting and (B) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting was first made by the Corporation and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the special meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 3.2 . 
 
 c. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (b) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is greater than the number of directors whose terms expire on the date of the annual meeting and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming all of the nominees for the additional directors to be elected or specifying the size of the increased Board before the close of business on the 90th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.2 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships created by such increase that are to be filled by election at such annual meeting, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which such public announcement was first made by the Corporation. 
 
 d. To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation, if any, that are owned beneficially or of record by the person, and (D) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations 

promulgated thereunder, without regard to the application of the Exchange Act to either the nomination or the Corporation and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (A) the name and record address of such stockholder as they appear on the Corporation's books and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (B) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (C) a description of all arrangements or understandings relating to the nomination to be made by such stockholder among such stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names), (D) a representation that such stockholder (or a qualified representative of such stockholder) intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice and any other information relating to such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 
 
 e. If the Board or the chairman of the meeting of stockholders determines that any nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.2 or that the information provided in a stockholder's notice does not satisfy the information requirements of this Section 3.2 , then such nomination shall not be considered at the meeting in question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.2 , if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been received by the Corporation. 
 
 f. In addition to the provisions of this Section 3.2 , a stockholder shall also comply with all of the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 3.2 shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 3.3. Compensation . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors, including for service on a committee of the Board and may be paid either a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board or other compensation as director. The directors may be reimbursed their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of committees of the Board may be allowed like compensation and reimbursement of expenses for service on the committee. 
 
 Section 3.4. Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies . Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause shall be filled solely by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 BOARD MEETINGS 
 
 Section 4.1. Annual Meetings . The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after the adjournment of each annual stockholders meeting at the place of the annual stockholders meeting unless the Board shall fix another time and place and give notice thereof in the manner required herein for special meetings of the Board. No notice to the directors shall be necessary to legally convene this meeting, except as provided in this Section 4.1 . 

Section 4.2. Regular Meetings . Regularly scheduled, periodic meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such times, dates and places (within or without the State of Delaware) as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 
 
 Section 4.3. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board (a) may be called by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer and (b) shall be called by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or Secretary on the written request of at least a majority of directors then in office, as the case may be, and shall be held at such time, date and place (within or without the State of Delaware) as may be determined by the person calling the meeting or, if called upon the request of directors, as specified in such written request. Notice of each special meeting of the Board shall be given, as provided in Section 9.3 , to each director (i) at least 24 hours before the meeting if such notice is oral notice given personally or by telephone or written notice given by hand delivery or by means of a form of electronic transmission and delivery (ii) at least two days before the meeting if such notice is sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service and (iii) at least five days before the meeting if such notice is sent through the United States mail. If the Secretary shall fail or refuse to give such notice, then the notice 
 
 may be given by the officer who called the meeting or the directors who requested the meeting. Any and all business that may be transacted at a regular meeting of the Board may be transacted at a special meeting. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. A special meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Section 9.4 . 
 
 Section 4.4. Quorum Required Vote . A majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 
 
 Section 4.5. Consent In Lieu of Meeting . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions (or paper reproductions thereof) are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 
 Section 4.6. Organization . The chairman of each meeting of the Board shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chief Executive Officer or if the Chief Executive Officer is not a director, the President (if he or she shall be a director) or in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President or if the President is not a director, a chairman elected from the directors present. The Secretary shall act as secretary of all meetings of the Board. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of the Secretary at such meeting. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

ARTICLE V 
 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 5.1. Establishment . The Board may by resolution of the Board designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required by the resolution designating such committee. The Board shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. 

Section 5.2. Available Powers . Any committee established pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof, to the extent permitted by applicable law and by resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all of the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it. 
 
 Section 5.3. Alternate Members . The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of such committee. 
 
 Section 5.4. Procedures . Unless the Board otherwise provides, the time, date, place, if any, and notice of meetings of a committee shall be determined by such committee. At meetings of a committee, a majority of the number of members of the committee (but not including any alternate member, unless such alternate member has replaced any absent or disqualified member at the time of, or in connection with, such meeting) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The act of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee, except as otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the Board. If a quorum is not present at a meeting of a committee, the members present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than an announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. Unless the Board otherwise provides and except as provided in these Bylaws, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter, amend and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board is authorized to conduct its business pursuant to Article IV of these Bylaws. 

ARTICLE VI 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 6.1. Officers . The officers of the Corporation elected by the Board shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, a Chairman, President, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as the Board from time to time may determine. Officers elected by the Board shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article VI . Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board. The Chief Executive Officer or President may also appoint such other officers (including without limitation one or more Vice Presidents and Controllers) as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Such other officers shall have such powers and duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as may be provided in these Bylaws or as may be prescribed by the Board or, if such officer has been appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or President, if any, as may be prescribed by the appointing officer. 
 
 a. Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall have general supervision and control of the acquisition activities of the Corporation subject to the ultimate authority of the Board, and shall be responsible for the execution of the policies of the Board with respect to such matters. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The powers and duties of the Chairman of the Board shall not include supervision or control of the preparation of the financial statements of the Corporation (other than through participation as a member of the Board). The position of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer may be held by the same person. 
 
 b. Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, shall have general supervision of the affairs of the Corporation and general control of all of its business subject to the ultimate authority of the Board, and shall be responsible for the execution of the policies of the Board with respect to such matters, except to the extent any such powers and duties have been prescribed to the Chairman of the Board pursuant to Section 6.1(a) above. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The position of Chief Executive Officer and President may be held by the same person. 

c. President . The President shall make recommendations to the Chief Executive Officer on all operational matters that would normally be reserved for the final executive responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, the President (if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The President shall also perform such duties and have such powers as shall be designated by the Board. The position of President and Chief Executive Officer may be held by the same person. 
 
 d. Vice Presidents . In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in the order designated by the Board) shall perform the duties and have the powers of the President. Any one or more of the Vice Presidents may be given an additional designation of rank or function. 
 
 e. Secretary . 
 
 i. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders, the Board and (as required) committees of the Board and shall record the proceedings of such meetings in books to be kept for that purpose. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President. The Secretary shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and the Secretary, or any Assistant Secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her signature or by the signature of such Assistant Secretary. The Board may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing thereof by his or her signature. 
 
 ii. The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, if one has been appointed, a stock ledger, or duplicate stock ledger, showing the names of the stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each and, with respect to certificated shares, the number and date of certificates issued for the same and the number and date of certificates cancelled. 
 
 f. Assistant Secretaries . The Assistant Secretary or, if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board shall, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, perform the duties and have the powers of the Secretary. 
 
 g. Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties commonly incident to that office (including, without limitation, the care and custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, which from time to time may come into the Chief Financial Officer's hands and the deposit of the funds of the Corporation in such banks or trust companies as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President may authorize). 
 
 h. Treasurer . The Treasurer shall, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chief Financial Officer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 Section 6.2. Term of Office Removal Vacancies . The elected officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board and shall hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualified by the Board or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal from office. Any officer may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the Board. Any officer appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or President may also be removed, with or without cause, by the Chief Executive Officer or President, as the case may be, unless the Board otherwise provides. Any vacancy occurring in any elected office of the Corporation may be filled by the Board. Any vacancy occurring in any office appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or President may be filled by the Chief Executive Officer, or President, as the case may be, unless the Board then determines that such office shall thereupon be elected by the Board, in which case the Board shall elect such officer. 

Section 6.3. Other Officers . The Board may delegate the power to appoint such other officers and agents, and may also remove such officers and agents or delegate the power to remove same, as it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable. 
 
 Section 6.4. Multiple Officeholders Stockholder and Director Officers . Any number of offices may be held by the same person unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide provided, however, that no officer shall execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one capacity if such instrument is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws to be executed, acknowledged or verified by two or more parties. Officers need not be stockholders or residents of the State of Delaware. 

ARTICLE VII 
 SHARES 
 
 Section 7.1. Certificated and Uncertificated Shares . The shares of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, subject to the sole discretion of the Board and the requirements of the DGCL. 
 
 Section 7.2. Multiple Classes of Stock . If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the Corporation shall (a) cause the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights to be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of any certificate that the Corporation issues to represent shares of such class or series of stock or (b) in the case of uncertificated shares, within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares, send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth on certificates as specified in clause (a) above provided , however , that, except as otherwise provided by applicable law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of such certificate or, in the case of uncertificated shares, on such written notice a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences or rights. 
 
 Section 7.3. Signatures . Each certificate representing capital stock of the Corporation shall be signed by or in the name of the Corporation by (a) the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President and (b) the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar on the date of issue. 
 
 Section 7.4. Consideration and Payment for Shares . 
 
 a. Subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation, shares of stock may be issued for such consideration, having in the case of shares with par value a value not less than the par value thereof, and to such persons, as determined from time to time by the Board. The consideration may consist of any tangible or intangible property or any benefit to the Corporation, including cash, promissory notes, services performed, contracts for services to be performed or other securities, or any combination thereof. 
 
 i. Subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation, shares may not be issued until the full amount of the consideration has been paid, unless upon the face or back of each certificate issued to represent any partly paid shares of capital stock or upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of partly paid uncertificated shares, there shall have been set forth the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon up to and including the time said certificate representing certificated shares or said uncertificated shares are issued. 
 
 Section 7.5. Lost, Destroyed or Wrongfully Taken Certificates . 

a. If an owner of a certificate representing shares claims that such certificate has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate representing such shares or such shares in uncertificated form if the owner (i) requests such a new certificate before the Corporation has notice that the certificate representing such shares has been acquired by a protected purchaser (ii) if requested by the Corporation, delivers to the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, wrongful taking or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares and (iii) satisfies other reasonable requirements imposed by the Corporation. 
 
 b. If a certificate representing shares has been lost, apparently destroyed or wrongfully taken, and the owner fails to notify the Corporation of that fact within a reasonable time after the owner has notice of such loss, apparent destruction or wrongful taking and the Corporation registers a transfer of such shares before receiving notification, the owner shall be precluded from asserting against the Corporation any claim for registering such transfer or a claim to a new certificate representing such shares or such shares in uncertificated form. 
 
 Section 7.6. Transfer of Stock . 
 
 a. If a certificate representing shares of the Corporation is presented to the Corporation with an endorsement requesting the registration of transfer of such shares or an instruction is presented to the Corporation requesting the registration of transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall register the transfer as requested if 
 
 i. in the case of certificated shares, the certificate representing such shares has been surrendered 
 
 ii. (A) with respect to certificated shares, the endorsement is made by the person specified by the certificate as entitled to such shares (B) with respect to uncertificated shares, an instruction is made by the registered owner of such uncertificated shares or (C) with respect to certificated shares or uncertificated shares, the endorsement or instruction is made by any other appropriate person or by an agent who has actual authority to act on behalf of the appropriate person 
 
 iii. the Corporation has received a guarantee of signature of the person signing such endorsement or instruction or such other reasonable assurance that the endorsement or instruction is genuine and authorized as the Corporation may request 
 
 iv. the transfer does not violate any restriction on transfer imposed by the Corporation that is enforceable in accordance with Section 7.8(a) and 
 
 v. such other conditions for such transfer as shall be provided for under applicable law have been satisfied. 
 
 vi. Whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security and not absolutely, the Corporation shall so record such fact in the entry of transfer if, when the certificate for such shares is presented to the Corporation for transfer or, if such shares are uncertificated, when the instruction for registration of transfer thereof is presented to the Corporation, both the transferor and transferee request the Corporation to do so. 
 
 Section 7.7. Registered Stockholders . Before due presentment for registration of transfer of a certificate representing shares of the Corporation or of an instruction requesting registration of transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation may treat the registered owner as the person exclusively entitled to inspect for any proper purpose the stock ledger and the other books and records of the Corporation, vote such shares, receive dividends or notifications with respect to such shares and otherwise exercise all the rights and powers of the owner of such shares, except that a person who is the beneficial owner of such shares (if held in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person) may, upon providing documentary evidence of beneficial ownership of such shares and 

satisfying such other conditions as are provided under applicable law, may also so inspect the books and records of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 7.8. Effect of the Corporation's Restriction on Transfer . 
 
 a. A written restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of the Corporation or on the amount of shares of the Corporation that may be owned by any person or group of persons, if permitted by the DGCL and noted conspicuously on the certificate representing such shares or, in the case of uncertificated shares, contained in a notice, offering circular or prospectus sent by the Corporation to the registered owner of such shares within a reasonable time prior to or after the issuance or transfer of such shares, may be enforced against the holder of such shares or any successor or transferee of the holder including an executor, administrator, trustee, guardian or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of the holder. 
 
 b. A restriction imposed by the Corporation on the transfer or the registration of shares of the Corporation or on the amount of shares of the Corporation that may be owned by any person or group of persons, even if otherwise lawful, is ineffective against a person without actual knowledge of such restriction unless (i) the shares are certificated and such restriction is noted conspicuously on the certificate or (ii) the shares are uncertificated and such restriction was contained in a notice, offering circular or prospectus sent by the Corporation to the registered owner of such shares prior to or within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares. 
 
 Section 7.9. Regulations . The Board shall have power and authority to make such additional rules and regulations, subject to any applicable requirement of law, as the Board may deem necessary and appropriate with respect to the issue, transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock or certificates representing shares. The Board may appoint one or more transfer agents or registrars and may require for the validity thereof that certificates representing shares bear the signature of any transfer agent or registrar so appointed. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 8.1. Right to Indemnification . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an Indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with such proceeding provided , however , that, except as provided in Section 8.3 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify an Indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 
 
 Section 8.2. Right to Advancement of Expenses . In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 8.1 , an Indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law the expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement of expenses provided , however , that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such Indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon the Corporation's receipt of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking ), by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay 

all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII or otherwise. 
 
 Section 8.3. Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit . If a claim under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by an Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including a determination by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, shall be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VIII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 
 
 Section 8.4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights provided to any Indemnitee pursuant to this Article VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right, which such Indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, an agreement, a vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 
 
 Section 8.5. Insurance . The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and or any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 
 
 Section 8.6. Indemnification of Other Persons . This Article VIII shall not limit the right of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Indemnitees. Without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation and to any other person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of Indemnitees under this Article VIII . 
 
 Section 8.7. Amendments . Any repeal or amendment of this Article VIII by the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provision of these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article VIII , will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights to Indemnitees on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision provided however , that amendments or repeals of this Article VIII shall require the affirmative vote of the stockholders holding at least 66.7 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation. 

Section 8.8. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Article VIII , (a) references to other enterprise shall include any employee benefit plan (b) references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan (c) references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service that imposes duties on, or involves services by, a person with respect to any employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries and (d) a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation for purposes of Section 145 of the DGCL. 
 
 Section 8.9. Contract Rights . The rights provided to Indemnitees pursuant to this Article VIII shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, agent or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee's heirs, executors and administrators. 
 
 Section 8.10. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article VIII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VIII shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VIII (including, without limitation, each such portion of this Article VIII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 9.1. Place of Meetings . If the place of any meeting of stockholders, the Board or committee of the Board for which notice is required under these Bylaws is not designated in the notice of such meeting, such meeting shall be held at the principal business office of the Corporation provided , however , if the Board has, in its sole discretion, determined that a meeting shall not be held at any place, but instead shall be held by means of remote communication pursuant to Section 9.5 hereof, then such meeting shall not be held at any place. 
 
 Section 9.2. Fixing Record Dates . 
 
 a. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided , however , that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.2(a) at the adjourned meeting. 
 
 b. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

Section 9.3. Means of Giving Notice . 
 
 a. Notice to Directors . Whenever under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any director, such notice shall be given either (i) in writing and sent by mail, or by a nationally recognized delivery service, (ii) by means of facsimile telecommunication or other form of electronic transmission, or (iii) by oral notice given personally or by telephone. A notice to a director will be deemed given as follows (A) if given by hand delivery, orally, or by telephone, when actually received by the director, (B) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the director at the director's address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (C) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the director at the director's address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (D) if sent by facsimile telecommunication, when sent to the facsimile transmission number for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, (E) if sent by electronic mail, when sent to the electronic mail address for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, or (F) if sent by any other form of electronic transmission, when sent to the address, location or number (as applicable) for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation. 
 
 b. Notice to Stockholders . Whenever under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any stockholder, such notice may be given (i) in writing and sent either by hand delivery, through the United States mail, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for next day delivery, or (ii) by means of a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder, to the extent permitted by, and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 232 of the DGCL. A notice to a stockholder shall be deemed given as follows (A) if given by hand delivery, when actually received by the stockholder, (B) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder's address appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, (C) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder's address appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, and (D) if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given and otherwise meeting the requirements set forth above, (1) if by facsimile transmission, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice, (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice, (3) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specified posting, upon the later of (x) such posting and (y) the giving of such separate notice, and (z) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. A stockholder may revoke such stockholder's consent to receiving notice by means of electronic communication by giving written notice of such revocation to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or to the Corporation's transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice provided , however , the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 
 
 c. Electronic Transmission . Electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process, including but not limited to transmission by telex, facsimile telecommunication, electronic mail, telegram and cablegram. 
 
 d. Notice to Stockholders Sharing Same Address . Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively by the Corporation to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an 

address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. A stockholder may revoke such stockholder's consent by delivering written notice of such revocation to the Corporation. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation within 60 days of having been given written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send such a single written notice shall be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice. 
 
 e. Exceptions to Notice Requirement s. Whenever notice is required to be given, under the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given by the Corporation, under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to any stockholder to whom (1) notice of two consecutive annual meetings of stockholders and all notices of stockholder meetings or of the taking of action by written consent of stockholders without a meeting to such stockholder during the period between such two consecutive annual meetings, or (2) all, and at least two payments (if sent by first-class mail) of dividends or interest on securities during a 12-month period, have been mailed addressed to such stockholder at such stockholder's address as shown on the records of the Corporation and have been returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such stockholder shall not be required. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice to such stockholder shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. If any such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation a written notice setting forth such stockholder's then current address, the requirement that notice be given to such stockholder shall be reinstated. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the certificate need not state that notice was not given to persons to whom notice was not required to be given pursuant to Section 230(b) of the DGCL. The exception in subsection (1) of the first sentence of this paragraph to the requirement that notice be given shall not be applicable to any notice returned as undeliverable if the notice was given by electronic transmission. 
 
 Section 9.4. Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice is required to be given under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, a written waiver of such notice, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such required notice. All such waivers shall be kept with the books of the Corporation. Attendance at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a person attends for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 Section 9.5. Meeting Attendance via Remote Communication Equipment . 
 
 a. Stockholder Meetings . If authorized by the Board in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and proxy holders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication 
 
 i. participate in a meeting of stockholders and 
 
 ii. be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (A) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxy holder, (B) the Corporation shall implement reasonable 

measures to provide such stockholders and proxy holders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (C) if any stockholder or proxy holder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such votes or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation. 
 
 a. Board Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or any committee thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting, except where a person participates in the meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 Section 9.6. Dividends . The Board may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends (payable in cash, property or shares of the Corporation's capital stock) on the Corporation's outstanding shares of capital stock, subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 9.7. Reserves . The Board may set apart out of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. 
 
 Section 9.8. Contracts and Negotiable Instruments . Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument may be executed and delivered in the name and on behalf of the Corporation by such officer or officers or other employee or employees of the Corporation as the Board may from time to time authorize. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board may determine. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Vice President may execute and deliver any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed by the Board, the Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Vice President may delegate powers to execute and deliver any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation to other officers or employees of the Corporation under such person's supervision and authority, it being understood, however, that any 
 
 such delegation of power shall not relieve such officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of such delegated power. 
 
 Section 9.9. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board. 
 
 Section 9.10. Seal . The Board may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be in such form as the Board determines. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or otherwise reproduced. 
 
 Section 9.11. Books and Records . The books and records of the Corporation may be kept within or outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Board. 
 
 Section 9.12. Resignation . Any director, committee member or officer may resign by giving notice thereof in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. The resignation shall take effect at the time it is delivered unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events. Unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 
 Section 9.13. Surety Bonds . Such officers, employees and agents of the Corporation (if any) as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or the Board may direct, from time to time, shall be bonded for the faithful performance of their duties and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of their death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in their possession or under their control belonging to the Corporation, in such amounts 

and by such surety companies as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or the Board may determine. The premiums on such bonds shall be paid by the Corporation and the bonds so furnished shall be in the custody of the Secretary. 
 
 Section 9.14. Securities of Other Corporations . Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents in writing and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, or any other officer authorized by the Board. Any such officer, may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such corporation, and at any such meeting or with respect to any such consent shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed. The Board may from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 
 
 Section 9.15. Amendments . The Board shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders provided , however , that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting (except as otherwise provided in Section 8.7 power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. 
 
 Section 9.16. Exclusive Forum Exclusive Jurisdiction . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (a) through (d) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States against the Corporation, its officers, directors, employees and or underwriters. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 9.16 . If any provision or provisions of this Section 9.16 shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Section 9.16 (including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Section 9.16 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

</EX-3.2 BY-LAWS>

<EX-4.4 DESCRIPTION O>
 9
 exhibit44-descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.4 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.4 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 The following summary of the material terms of our securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities, and is qualified by reference to our charter, our bylaws and the warrant-related documents described herein, which are exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We urge to you read each of the charter and the bylaws (each as defined below), as well as the warrant-related documents, described herein in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this exhibit to the Company, SpringBig, we, us, our and similar terms refer to SpringBig Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 General 
 
 We are a corporation organized under the law of Delaware. On June 13, 2022, in anticipation of the consummation of the merger of Merger Sub within and into Legacy SpringBig (each as defined below) and the business combination of Tuatara (as defined below) and Legacy SpringBig, Tuatara changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication ). Subsequently, in connection with the Domestication, Tuatara changed its name to SpringBig Holdings, Inc. and adopted the Certificate of Incorporation (the charter and Bylaws (the bylaws under Delaware law. 
 
 There have been no public takeover offers by third parties for our shares nor any public takeover offers by us for the shares of another company that have occurred during the last or current financial years. 
 
 Legacy SpringBig means SpringBig, Inc., a Delaware corporation, prior to the business combination, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SpringBig following the business combination. Tuatara means Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, the predecessor entity to SpringBig. Merger Sub means HighJump Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Tuatara. 
 
 Share Capital 
 
 The charter of SpringBig authorizes the issuance of an aggregate of 350,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 300,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Shares or common stock ), and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. Unless our Board of Directors determines otherwise, SpringBig will issue all shares of capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 
 As of March 28, 2023, we had 26,940,841 Common Shares issued and outstanding. All of our issued Common Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of the shares of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which shareholders generally are entitled to vote. The holders of the shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Generally, all matters to be voted on by shareholders must be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes entitled to be cast by all shareholders present in person or represented by proxy, voting together as a single class. 
 Election of Directors 
 
 The charter provides for a classified board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. The election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The charter does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. 

Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding preferred stock, the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors of SpringBig out of funds legally available therefor. 
 
 Rights upon Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding-Up 
 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of SpringBig s affairs, the holders of the shares of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of SpringBig s debts and other liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over the shares of common stock, then outstanding, if any. 
 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 
 
 The holders of shares of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the shares of common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of shares of common stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of the preferred stock SpringBig may issue in the future. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 No shares of preferred stock are currently issued or outstanding. Our charter authorizes the Board of Directors of SpringBig to establish one or more series of preferred stock. Unless required by law or any stock exchange, the authorized shares of preferred stock will be available for issuance without further action by the holders of the common stock. Shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series of any number of shares, provided that the aggregate number of shares issued and not retired of any and all such series shall not exceed the total number of shares of preferred stock authorized, and with such powers, including voting powers, if any, and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, all as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the designation and issue of such shares of preferred stock from time to time adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority so to do which is expressly vested in the Board of Directors. The powers, including voting powers, if any, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of preferred stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. 
 
 The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of SpringBig without further action by the shareholders. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of the common stock of SpringBig by restricting dividends on the shares of common stock, diluting the voting power of the shares of common stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of the shares of common stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of the shares of common stock. At present, we have no plans to issue any preferred stock. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 Public Shareholders Warrants 
 
 Each whole public warrant originally issued in the initial public offering of Tuatara (the public warrants entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing thirty (30) days after June 14, 2022 (the Closing Date ), provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the Warrant Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the warrant agent )). A warrant holder may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of shares of common 

stock. This means only a whole public warrant may be exercised at a given time by a public warrant holder. The public warrants will expire five years after the Closing Date, at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 SpringBig will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to settle such public warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to SpringBig satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available, including in connection with a cashless exercise permitted as a result of a notice of redemption. No public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and SpringBig will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their public warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such public warrant will not be entitled to exercise such public warrant and such public warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised public warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such public warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the shares of common stock underlying such unit. 
 
 We filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants, until the expiration of the public warrants. Notwithstanding the above, if the shares of common stock are, at the time of any exercise of a public warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, SpringBig may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event SpringBig so elects, SpringBig will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our reasonable best efforts to qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of Common Shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Common Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361 Class A shares per warrant. The fair market value as used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 
 We may redeem the public warrants for redemption 
 
 in whole and not in part 
 
 at a price of 0.01 per public warrant 
 
 upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of redemption to each public warrant holder and 
 
 if, and only if, the reported last sales price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date SpringBig sends the notice of redemption to the public warrant holders (the Reference Value ). 
 
 We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Common Shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 
 If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and SpringBig issues a notice of redemption of the public warrants, each public warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption 

date. However, the price of the shares of common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 public warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, SpringBig may also redeem on the following conditions 
 
 in whole and not in part 
 
 at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Common Shares 
 
 if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) and 
 
 if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the private placement warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants. 
 
 During the period beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our shares of common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on volume-weighted average price of our shares of common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 
 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a result of raising capital in connection with the merger, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will by multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the market value and the newly issued price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00. 
 
 Fair Market Value of Shares of Common Stock Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.31 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.32 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.33 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.29 0.309 0.325 0.34 0.354 0.361 

36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.28 0.301 0.32 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.25 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.35 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.26 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.13 0.164 0.197 0.23 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.25 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.09 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.15 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our shares of common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of common stock for each whole warrant. 
 
 For example, where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our shares of common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 
 This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the shares of common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our shares of common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the shares of common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of common stock if and when such shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the holder. 
 
 A holder of a public warrant may notify SpringBig in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such public warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of shares of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) multiplied by (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per shares of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, (1) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, in determining the price payable for shares of common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (2) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 
 Contingent and Earnout Shares 
 
 As part of the merger consideration to be paid to the Legacy SpringBig equity holders in connection with the business combination, holders of Legacy SpringBig s common stock and preferred stock and Engaged Option Holders (as defined below) will also have the right to receive their pro rata portion of up to an aggregate of 10,500,000 shares of common stock Contingent Shares if any of the following stock price conditions are met (i) 7,000,000 Contingent Shares First Tranche Shares if the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) on any twenty (20) trading days in a thirty (30)-trading-day period at any time after the closing date and on or before 60 months after the closing date (ii) 2,250,000 Contingent Shares Second Tranche Shares if the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) on any twenty (20) trading days in a thirty (30)-trading-day period at any time after the closing date and on or before 60 months after the closing date and (iii) 1,250,000 Contingent Shares Third Tranche Shares if the closing price of the common stock on any twenty (20) trading days in a thirty (30)-trading-day period at any time after the closing date and on or before 60 months after the closing date. 
 
 An Engaged Option Holder is an employee or engaged consultant of Legacy SpringBig who held unexercised Legacy SpringBig options at the effective time of the merger and who remains employed or engaged by Legacy SpringBig at the time of such payment of Contingent Shares. 
 
 In addition, in the event of certain events during the 60 month period after the Closing Date, then any Contingent Shares not previously issued shall be issued in accordance with the following, based on the price per share of common stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Earnout Trigger Event or the price per share paid for each outstanding share of common stock in such Earnout Trigger Event (the Earnout Trigger Price 
 
 i. If the Earnout Trigger Event occurs prior to the one-year anniversary of the Effective Time and results in an Earnout Trigger Price that is greater than 10.00, but less than 12.00, then only a portion of the First Tranche Shares shall be issued to the Legacy SpringBig shareholders and Engaged Option Holders equal to the First Tranche Shares multiplied by a fraction calculated as (A) the numerator of which shall be the Earnout Trigger Price minus 10 and (B) the denominator of which is 2. 

ii. If the Earnout Trigger Event occurs after the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date and results in an Earnout Trigger Price that is less than 12.00, then none of the Contingent Shares shall be issued. 
 
 iii. If the Earnout Trigger Event occurs at any time during the 60 months following the effective time and results in an Earnout Trigger Price that is equal to or greater than 15.00, but less than 18.00, then only the First Tranche Shares and Second Tranche Shares shall be issued to the Legacy SpringBig shareholders and Engaged Option Holders 
 . 
 iv. If the Earnout Trigger Event occurs at any time during the 60 months following the effective time and results in an Earnout Trigger Price equal to or greater than 18.00, then all of the Contingent Shares shall be issued to the Legacy SpringBig shareholders and Engaged Option Holders. 
 
 For purposes of the merger agreement, an Earnout Trigger Event is defined to mean (a) SpringBig engages in a going private transaction pursuant to Rule 13e-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise ceases to be subject to reporting obligations under Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (b) SpringBig shall cease to be listed on a national securities exchange, other than for the failure to satisfy (i) any applicable minimum listing requirements, including minimum round lot holder requirements, of such national securities exchange or (ii) a minimum price per share requirement of such national securities exchange or (c) the occurrence in a single transaction or as a result of a series of related transactions, of one or more of the following events (a) any person or any group of persons acting together which would constitute a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provisions thereto (excluding (i) sponsor and its respective affiliates, successors and assigns, or (ii) a corporation or other entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of SpringBig in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of SpringBig (x) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of SpringBig representing more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of SpringBig s then outstanding voting securities or (y) has or acquires control of SpringBig s Board of Directors, (b) a merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar business combination transaction involving SpringBig and, immediately after the consummation of such transaction or series of transactions, either (x) the SpringBig Board of Directors immediately prior to the merger or consolidation does not constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the company surviving the merger or, if the surviving company is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (y) the voting securities of SpringBig immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent or are not converted into more than 50 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the person resulting from such transaction or series of transactions or, if the surviving company is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (c) the sale, lease or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by SpringBig of all or substantially all of the assets of SpringBig and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than such sale or other disposition by SpringBig of all or substantially all of the assets of SpringBig and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to an entity at least a majority of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of SpringBig. 
 
 Additionally, the sponsor, Tuatara and certain independent members of the pre-business combination board of directors entered into an escrow agreement Sponsor Escrow Agreement at the closing of the business combination pursuant to which the sponsor and certain members of the pre-business combination board of directors deposited an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock Sponsor Earnout Shares into escrow. The Sponsor Escrow Agreement provides that such Sponsor Earnout Shares will either be released to the sponsor if the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) on any twenty (20) trading days in a thirty (30)-trading-day period at any time after the closing date and by the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. The Sponsor Earnout Shares will be terminated and canceled by the Company if such condition is not met at any time after the Closing Date and by the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on the Common Shares to date and does not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of the business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon Tuatara s revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to the completion of the business combination. The payment of any cash dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for Common Shares and warrant agent for warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, the Proposed Charter and Proposed Bylaws 
 
 SpringBig, as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL ), which we refer to as Section 203, regulating corporate takeovers. 
 
 Section 203 prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with 
 
 A shareholder who owns fifteen percent or more of SpringBig s outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested shareholder 
 
 an affiliate of an interested shareholder or 
 
 an associate of an interested shareholder, for three (3) years following the date that the shareholder became an interested shareholder. 
 
 A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than ten percent of SpringBig s assets. 
 
 However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if 
 
 SpringBig s Board of Directors approves the transaction that made the shareholder an interested shareholder, prior to the date of the transaction 
 
 after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, that shareholder owned at least 85 of SpringBig s voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock or 
 
 on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by SpringBig s Board of Directors and authorized at a meeting of SpringBig s shareholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 
 The Company s organizational documents and the DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by SpringBig s Board of Directors. These provisions could also make it difficult for shareholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the members of SpringBig s Board of Directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. For instance, SpringBig s charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors and provides for a classified Board of Directors with three (3)-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of shareholders to change the membership of a majority of the SpringBig Board of Directors. SpringBig s Board of Directors is empowered to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director in certain circumstances and SpringBig s advance notice provisions in the proposed bylaws will require that shareholders must comply with certain procedures in order to nominate candidates to SpringBig s Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a shareholders meeting. 
 
 SpringBig s authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of SpringBig by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Notice Requirements 
 
 Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors or the proposal of other business to be transacted by shareholders may only be made at a meeting properly called for such purpose and only (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or any committee thereof or (ii) by a shareholder who (A) was a shareholder of record of SpringBig when the notice is delivered to the secretary and at the time of the meeting and is entitled to vote for the election of directors or such business, as applicable, at the meeting and (B) complies with the notice and other provisions of the proposed bylaws. Persons nominated for election to the Board of Directors by shareholders in accordance with the applicable sections of the proposed bylaws are referred to as Shareholder Nominees. A shareholder nominating persons for election to the board of directors is referred to as the Nominating Shareholder. 
 
 SpringBig s bylaws provide that, for nominations or business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must give timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of SpringBig and, in the case of proposed business, any such proposed business must constitute a proper for shareholder action. To be timely, the notice must be delivered personally or mailed to, and received at, the principal executive offices of SpringBig, addressed to the secretary, by no earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days and no later than ninety (90) days before the first anniversary of the date of the prior year s annual meeting of shareholders provided, however, that if the annual meeting of shareholders is not within 45 days before or after such anniversary date, the notice by the shareholder to be timely must be received (A) no earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days before such annual meeting and (B) no later than the later of ninety (90) days before such annual meeting and the tenth day after the day on which the notice of such annual meeting was made by mail or public disclosure. In no event will an adjournment, postponement or deferral of any annual meeting of shareholders, or announcement thereof, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 
 
 Special Meeting of Stockholders Notice Requirements 
 
 If the election of directors is included as business to be brought before a special meeting in SpringBig s notice of meeting, then nominations of persons for election to the board of directors at a special meeting of shareholders may be made by any shareholder who is a shareholder of record at the time of giving notice of such nomination and at the time of the special meeting (who will be entitled to vote at the meeting). For nominations to be properly brought by a shareholder before a special meeting of shareholders, the shareholder must have given timely notice not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the special meeting is first made by SpringBig. 
 
 Additional Stockholder Notice Requirements 
 
 Any shareholder s notice to the secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of SpringBig, if any, that are owned beneficially or of record by the person, and (D) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, without regard to the application of the Exchange Act to either the nomination or SpringBig and (ii) as to the shareholder giving the notice (A) the name and record address of such shareholder as they appear on SpringBig s books and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (B) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of SpringBig that are owned beneficially and of record by such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (C) a description of all arrangements or understandings relating to the nomination to be made by such shareholder among such shareholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names), (D) a representation that such shareholder (or a qualified representative of such shareholder) intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice and (E) any other information relating to such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must 

be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 
 
 General 
 
 The person presiding over the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting, that business was not properly brought or a nomination was not made, as the case may be, in accordance with the foregoing procedures prescribed by the proposed bylaws, and, if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted and the defective nomination shall be disregarded, as the case may be. If the shareholder (or a qualified representative of the shareholder) does not appear at the applicable shareholder meeting to present a nomination or other proposed business, such nomination will be disregarded or such proposed business will not be transacted, as the case may be, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by SpringBig. To be considered a qualified representative of the shareholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such shareholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such shareholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such shareholder to act for such shareholder as proxy at the meeting of shareholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Listing of Common Stock 
 
 The Common Shares are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SBIG. The SpringBig public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SBIGW. 

</EX-4.4 DESCRIPTION O>

<EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES>
 10
 exhibit211orgchart.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Legal Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation SpringBig, Inc. Delaware, United States Medici Canada, LLC Delaware, United States SpringBig Canada Inc. Quebec, Canada Beaches Development Group LTD Ontario, Canada 

</EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES>

<EX-23.1 CONSENT OF M>
 11
 marcumconsent.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. on Form S-8 FILE NO. 333-267011 of our report dated March 28, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our report on the consolidated financial statements refers to a change in the method of accounting for leases effective January 1, 2022 as a result of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 
 
 s Marcum LLP 
 
 Marcum LLP 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1 CONSENT OF M>

<EX-31.1 CERTIFICATIO>
 12
 exhibit311-ceo302certifica.htm
 EX-31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SECTION 302

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey Harris, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 
 s Jeffrey Harris____________ 
 Jeffrey Harris 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1 CERTIFICATIO>

<EX-31.2 CERTIFICATIO>
 13
 exhibit312-cfo302certifica.htm
 EX-31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER SECTION 302

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Paul Sykes, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date March 28, 2023 
 
 s Paul Sykes____________ 
 Paul Sykes 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2 CERTIFICATIO>

<EX-32.1 CERTIFICATIO>
 14
 exhibit321ceo906certificat.htm
 EX-32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SECTION 906

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, Jeffrey Harris, hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, SpringBig Holdings, Inc s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 s Jeffrey Harris 
 Jeffrey Harris 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-32.1 CERTIFICATIO>

<EX-32.2 CERTIFICATIO>
 15
 exhibit322cfo906certificat.htm
 EX-32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER SECTION 906

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, Paul Sykes, hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, SpringBig Holdings, Inc s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SpringBig Holdings, Inc. 
 s Paul Sykes 
 Paul Sykes Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-32.2 CERTIFICATIO>

