<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_880631_0001193125-23-054126.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17855797</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>537632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3641055</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7113413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3059409</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2783046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-054126.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228171424
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-054126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WisdomTree, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880631
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				133487784
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10932
		FILM NUMBER:		23687174

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 34TH STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-801-2080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 34TH STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WisdomTree Investments, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDEX DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FINANCIAL DATA SYSTEMS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-054126.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 d426509d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

. 

 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

- 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which 
registered

, 0.01 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Table of Contents 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates
 (computed by reference to the closing sale price of such shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on June 30, 2022) was . At February 15
, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The information required by Part III of this Report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023, which definitive proxy statement shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Report relates. 

Table of Contents 

WISDOMTREE, INC. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

2 

ITEM 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

24 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

38 

ITEM 2. 
 
 Properties 

38 

ITEM 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

39 

ITEM 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

39 

PART II 

39 

ITEM 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

39 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

39 

ITEM 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

40 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

65 

ITEM 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

66 

ITEM 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

66 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

66 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

67 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

68 

PART III 

69 

ITEM 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

69 

ITEM 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

69 

ITEM 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

69 

ITEM 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

69 

ITEM 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

69 

PART IV 

70 

ITEM 15. 
 
 Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 

70 

ITEM 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

70 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, references to the Company, we, us, our and WisdomTree mean WisdomTree, Inc. and its subsidiaries. WisdomTree , WisdomTree Prime and Modern Alpha are trademarks of WisdomTree, Inc. in the United States and in other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Report, contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect our results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Report and the documents that we reference in this Report and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, as exhibits to this Report, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular, forward-looking statements in this Report may include statements about: 

the ultimate duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the war in Ukraine, and their short-term and long-term impact on our business and the global economy; 

anticipated trends, conditions and investor sentiment in the global markets and exchange-traded products, or ETPs; 

anticipated levels of inflows into and outflows out of our ETPs; 

our ability to deliver favorable rates of return to investors; 

competition in our business; 

whether we will experience future growth; 

our ability to develop new products and services; 

our ability to maintain current vendors or find new vendors to provide services to us at favorable costs; 

our ability to successfully implement our strategy related to digital assets and blockchain-enabled financial services, including WisdomTree Prime , and achieve its objectives; 

our ability to successfully operate and expand our business in non-U.S. markets; 

the effect of laws and regulations that apply to our business; and 

actions of activist stockholders. The forward-looking statements in this Report represent our views as of the date of this Report. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, these forward-looking statements do not represent our views as of any date other than the date of this Report. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company We are a global financial innovator, offering a well-diversified suite of world-class exchange-traded products, or ETPs, models and solutions. We empower investors to shape their future and support financial professionals to better serve their clients and grow their businesses. We leverage the latest financial infrastructure to create products that provide access, transparency and an enhanced user experience. Building on our heritage of innovation, we are also developing next-generation digital products and structures, including digital or blockchain-enabled mutual funds Digital Funds and tokenized assets, as well as our blockchain-native digital wallet, WisdomTree Prime . We have approximately 82.0 billion in assets under management, or AUM, as of December 31, 2022. Our family of ETPs includes products that provide exposure to equities, commodities, fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse, currency, cryptocurrency and alternative strategies. We have launched many first-to-market products and pioneered alternative weighting we call Modern Alpha, which combines the outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management to offer investors cost-effective funds that are built to perform. Most of our equity-based funds employ a fundamentally weighted investment methodology, which weights securities based on factors such as dividends, earnings or investment factors, whereas most other industry indexes use a capitalization weighted methodology. These products are distributed through all major channels in the asset management industry, including banks, brokerage firms, registered investment advisers, institutional investors, private wealth managers and online brokers primarily through our sales force. We believe technology is altering the way financial advisors conduct business and through our Advisor Solutions program we offer technology-enabled and research-driven solutions including portfolio construction, asset allocation, practice management services and digital tools to help financial advisors address technology challenges and grow and scale their businesses. We are at the forefront of innovation and believe that leveraging the utility of blockchain technology is the next evolution in financial services. We are building the foundation that will allow us to lead in this coming evolution with the development of our mobile application, WisdomTree Prime , and the launching of Digital Funds and tokenized assets. WisdomTree Prime is a blockchain-native wallet developed for saving, spending and investing in both native crypto assets and tokenized versions of mainstream financial assets (e.g., physical gold). It will allow retail consumers to purchase, sell and exchange dollar tokens, gold tokens, other digital assets and blockchain assets, such as Digital Funds, made available in the mobile application. We recently tokenized real-world assets like physical gold (i.e., gold tokens) and U.S. dollars. We also achieved key milestones with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, declaring effective the registration of the WisdomTree Short-Term Treasury Digital Fund (WTSYX) and nine other Digital Funds. These funds provide a variety of different exposures to fixed income and equity securities, with secondary recording of shares on one or more blockchains (e.g., Stellar or Ethereum). Our limited purpose broker-dealer, WisdomTree Securities, Inc., or WT Securities, also received membership approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, to facilitate transactions in Digital Funds offered in the WisdomTree Prime mobile application. As we continue to pursue our digital assets and blockchain strategy, we are embracing a concept we refer to as responsible DeFi, which we believe can embody choice, transparency, and inclusivity while upholding the foundational principles of regulation in this innovative and quickly evolving space. We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on September 19, 1985 as Financial Data Systems, Inc., were renamed WisdomTree Investments, Inc. on September 6, 2005, and ultimately renamed WisdomTree, Inc. on November 7, 2022. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Assets Under Management WisdomTree ETPs We offer ETPs covering equity, commodity, fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse, currency, alternatives and cryptocurrency. The chart below sets forth the asset mix of our ETPs at December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022: 

Our Operating and Financial Results We operate as an ETP sponsor and asset manager, providing investment advisory services globally through our subsidiaries in the U.S. and Europe. U.S. Listed ETFs The AUM of our U.S. listed exchange traded funds, or U.S. listed ETFs, increased from 48.2 billion at December 31, 2021 to 56.0 billion at December 31, 2022 due to net inflows, offset by market depreciation. 

3 

Table of Contents 

European Listed ETPs The AUM of our European listed (including internationally cross-listed) ETPs, or European listed ETPs, decreased from 29.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to 26.0 billion at December 31, 2022, due to net outflows and market depreciation. 

Sale of our Former Canadian ETF Business In February 2020, we completed the sale of all of the outstanding shares of our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, WisdomTree Asset Management Canada, Inc., or the Canadian ETF business, to CI Financial Corp. We received CDN 3.7 million (USD 2.8 million) in cash at closing and were subsequently paid CDN 3.0 million (USD 2.4 million) of additional cash consideration based on the achievement of certain AUM growth targets. We may receive additional cash consideration of CDN 0 to 4.0 million depending on the achievement of certain AUM growth targets as determined on the 36-month anniversary of the closing date. No value has been ascribed to these contingent payments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our Canadian ETF business reported operating losses during the year ended December 31, 2020 of 0.4 million. Consolidated Operating Results The following table sets forth our revenues and net income/(loss) for the last three years. 

Revenues We recorded operating revenues of 301.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, essentially unchanged from the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Expenses Total operating expenses increased 12.1 from the year ended December 31, 2021 to 241.3 million primarily due to higher incentive compensation and headcount, professional fees, including 4.5 million incurred in response to an activist campaign and professional fees associated with our digital assets business, fund management and administration costs, sales and business development expenses, marketing expenses, third-party distribution fees and other expenses. These increases were partly offset by lower occupancy expenses and depreciation and amortization expenses. 

Other Income/(Expenses) Other income/(expenses) includes interest income and interest expense, gains/(losses) on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments, impairments, loss on extinguishment of debt and other losses and gains. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the gain on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments was 2.0 million and 27.8 million, respectively. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we recognized losses on our financial instruments owned of 3.7 million and 16.5 million, respectively. 

Net income/(loss) We reported net income of 49.8 million and 50.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The change was impacted primarily by the change in revenues and expenses described above, a favorable change in the revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments of 25.7 million, an impairment recognized in the prior year of 16.2 million, higher losses on our financial instruments owned of 12.8 million and other miscellaneous items. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. Seasonality We believe seasonal fluctuations in the asset management industry are common, however such trends are generally masked by global market events and market volatility in general. Therefore, period to period comparisons of our or the industry s flows and operating results may not be meaningful or indicative of results in future periods. Our Industry ETPs We believe ETPs have been one of the most innovative investment products to emerge in the last two decades in the asset management industry. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate AUM of ETPs globally was 9.3 trillion. The chart below reflects the AUM of the global ETP industry since 2006: 

Source: ETFGI LLP 
 5 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we were the thirteenth largest ETP sponsor globally based on AUM. 

GLOBAL RANKING 

Rank 

ETP Sponsor 

AUM (in billions) 

1 

iShares 

2,952 

2 

Vanguard 

2,037 

3 

State Street 

1,048 

4 

Invesco 

395 

5 

Charles Schwab 

259 

6 

Nomura 

197 

7 

Amundi 

172 

8 

Xtrackers 

154 

9 

First Trust 

135 

10 

JPMorgan 

100 

11 

Nikko AM 

90 

12 

Daiwa 

86 

13 

WisdomTree 

82 

14 

UBS 

75 

15 

Dimensional 

72 
 
 Source: Morningstar Exchange traded funds, or ETFs, have become more popular among a broad range of investors as they come to understand the benefits of ETFs and use them for a variety of purposes and strategies, including low-cost index investing and asset allocation, access to specific asset classes, protective hedging, income generation, arbitrage opportunities and diversification. While ETFs are similar to mutual funds in many respects, they also have some important differences: 

Transparency. ETFs disclose the composition of their underlying portfolios on a daily basis, unlike mutual funds, which typically disclose their holdings every 90 days. 

Intraday trading, hedging strategies and complex orders . Like stocks, ETFs and other exchange-traded products can be bought and sold on exchanges throughout the trading day at market prices. ETFs update the indicative values of their underlying portfolios every 15 seconds. As publicly-traded securities, ETF shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using limit orders, allowing investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade. 

Tax efficiency. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund or ETF realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, it must distribute the capital gain to its shareholders. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gain distributions in additional shares of the fund. However, most ETFs typically redeem their shares through in-kind redemptions in which low-cost securities are transferred out of the ETF in exchange for fund shares in a non-taxable transaction. By using this process, ETFs can avoid the transaction fees and tax impact incurred by mutual funds that sell securities to generate cash to pay out redemptions. See U.S. Regulation for a discussion about draft tax legislation proposed in 2021 that would eliminate this chief tax advantage. 

Uniform pricing. From a cost perspective, ETFs are one of the most equitable investment products on the market. Investors in a U.S. listed ETF pay identical advisory fees regardless of the investors size, structure or sophistication. Unlike mutual funds, U.S. listed ETFs generally do not have different share classes or different expense structures for retail and institutional clients and ETFs typically are not sold with sales loads or 12b-1 fees. In many cases, ETFs offer lower expense ratios than comparable mutual funds. ETFs are used in various ways by a range of investors, from conservative to speculative uses including: 

Low-cost index investing. ETFs provide exposure to a variety of broad-based indexes across equities, fixed income, commodities and other asset classes and strategies, and can be used as both long-term portfolio holdings or short-term trading tools. ETFs offer an efficient and less costly method by which to gain exposure to indexes as compared to individual stock ownership. 

Improved access to specific asset classes. Investors often use ETFs to gain access to specific market sectors or regions around the world or a particular asset, such as physical gold, by investing in an ETF that holds a portfolio of securities in that region or segment rather than gaining exposure by purchasing individual securities or physical commodities. 

Asset allocation. Investors seeking to invest in various asset classes to develop an asset allocation model in a cost-effective manner can do so easily with ETFs, which offer broad exposure to various asset classes in a single security. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Protective hedging. Investors seeking to protect their portfolios may use ETFs as a hedge against unexpected declines in prices of securities arising from market movements and changes in currency and interest rates. 

Income generation. Investors seeking to obtain income from their portfolios may buy fixed income ETFs that typically distribute monthly income or dividend-paying ETFs that encompass a basket of dividend-paying stocks rather than buying individual stocks. 

Speculative investing. Investors with a specific directional opinion about a market sector may choose to buy or sell (long or short) an ETF covering or leveraging that market sector. 

Arbitrage. Sophisticated investors may use ETFs to exploit perceived value differences between the ETF and the value of the ETF s underlying portfolio of securities. 

Diversification. By definition, ETFs represent a basket of securities and each fund may contain hundreds or even thousands of different individual securities. The instant diversification of ETFs provides investors with broad exposure to an asset class, market sector or geography. The ETF sector of the asset management industry continues to demonstrate that it is favored among investors. According to Morningstar Direct, from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022, equity ETFs have generated positive inflows of approximately 2.0 trillion, while long-term equity mutual funds have generated outflows of approximately 427) billion. In addition, ETF fixed income flows are benefiting from a broader range of investors gravitating toward fixed income products in the ETF structure. We believe this trend is due to the inherent benefits of ETFs transparency, liquidity and tax efficiency. We believe that our growth, and the growth of the industry in which we operate, will continue to be driven by the following factors: 

Education and greater investor awareness. Over the last several years, ETPs have been taking a greater share of inflows and AUM from mutual funds. We believe investors have become more aware of some of the deficiencies of mutual funds and other financial products and are increasing their focus on important characteristics of their traditional investments namely transparency, tradability, liquidity, tax efficiency and fees. Their attention and education focused on these important investment characteristics may be one of the drivers of the shift in inflows from traditional mutual funds to ETPs. We believe these products will continue to take market share from traditional mutual funds and other financial products or structures such as hedge funds, separate accounts and individual stocks as investors continue to become more aware and educated about ETPs and their benefits. 

Move to fee-based models. Financial advisors are shifting their business model from one that is transaction-based, that is, based on commissions for trades or receiving sales loads, to a fee-based approach, where an overall fee is charged based on the value of AUM. This fee-based approach lends itself to the advisor selecting lower-fee financial products, and in our opinion, better aligns advisers with the interests of their clients. Since ETFs generally charge lower fees than mutual funds, we believe this model shift will benefit the ETF industry. 

Innovative product offerings. ETPs are now available for virtually every asset class including equities, fixed income, commodities, alternative strategies, leveraged-and-inverse, currencies and cryptocurrencies (with greater access in markets outside the U.S.). However, we believe that there remain substantial areas for sponsors to continue to innovate, including cryptocurrency, liquid alternative, thematic and ESG strategies. We also believe the further expansion of ETPs will fuel additional growth and investments from investors who typically access these products through hedge funds, separate accounts, stock investments or the futures and commodity markets. 

Changing demographics. As the baby boomer generation continues to mature and retire, we expect that there will be a greater demand for a broad range of investment solutions, with an emphasis on income generation and principal protection, and that more of these investors will seek advice from professional financial advisors. We believe these financial advisors will migrate more of their clients portfolios to ETFs due to their lower fees, better fit within fee-based models, and their ability to provide access to more diverse market sectors, improve multi-asset class allocation, and be used for different investment strategies, including income generation. Overall, we believe ETFs are well-suited to meet the needs of this large and important group of investors. In addition, since many younger investors and financial advisors have demonstrated a preference for the ETF structure over traditional product structures, we believe that wealth transfers from one generation to another will also have a positive effect on ETF industry growth. 

International markets. We believe the growth of ETPs is a global phenomenon. While the U.S. currently represents the vast majority of global ETP assets, many of the same growth drivers in the U.S. market are also taking hold in global markets. Our Industry Digital Assets We believe that digital assets, tokenization and blockchain technology will help to innovate and evolve financial services from an investments, savings, payments and operational perspective. The digital assets industry has picked up significant momentum 
 7 

Table of Contents 

among market participants, including asset management firms, fintech firms, banks, broker-dealers and investors, which has spurred unprecedented adoption, growth and innovation. We believe that the benefits of blockchain technology can provide for the best product structures and executions in financial services. We expect that over time, benefits will include the following: 

Transparency. Blockchain technology employs mutualized standards, protocols and shared processes, acting as a single shared source of truth for network participants. The increased transparency among financial institutions and market participants may also improve regulatory reporting and monitoring. 

Economic benefits. Automated, more efficient processes may lead to reduced operational, transactional and infrastructure costs. 

Streamlined processes. Automation and overall operational efficiency increases with the use of blockchain technology. It enables real-time (near instant) settlement, audit and reporting; and it reduces processing times, the potential for error and delay, and the number of steps and intermediaries required to achieve the same levels of confidence in traditional processes, thereby reducing counterparty risks. 

New products and potential markets. Blockchain technology can make fractionalized ownership of real-world assets and tokenized economies a reality, with the same, if not better, level of security and scalability found in traditional finance. 

Programmable capabilities. Through the creation and execution of smart contracts, governance protocols, compliance, data privacy, customer identification (e.g., KYC/AML), system incentives and features can be programmed or built into the assets themselves. 

Scalability. Blockchain technology supports interoperability between private and public blockchains, thereby expanding the global reach and resiliency of transactions. The laws and regulatory frameworks pertaining to digital assets and blockchain technology have evolved and increased in scope, and we expect them to continue to do so. Contemporaneously, there has been heightened regulatory scrutiny of digital asset activities, an increase in cybersecurity incidents leading to the theft or severe loss of assets, and bankruptcies resulting from a variety of factors including poor risk management and oversight controls, speculative or risky behavior, and/or fraud or the misappropriation of customer funds. As a financial innovator seeking to bridge the gap between traditional finance and blockchain-enabled finance, we are embracing a concept we refer to as responsible DeFi for our digital assets and blockchain-enabled products and services, which we believe upholds the foundational principles of regulation in this innovative and rapidly evolving space. We are committed to being a trusted provider of innovative products and services guided by proactive engagement and continued collaboration with current and new regulators. Competition in the digital assets industry on a global basis is increasing, ranging from large, established financial incumbents to smaller, early-stage financial technology providers and companies. There are jurisdictions with more stringent and robust regulatory and compliance requirements than others, which could impact the ability of a company to compete in the digital assets industry. Our ability to successfully compete will depend largely on offering innovative products through digital asset exposures, generating strong after-fee performance and track records, embracing regulation, developing strategic partnerships with participants in the digital assets ecosystem, promoting thought leadership and investor education or awareness, building upon our brand and attracting and retaining talented employees. We remain focused on providing the best structures and executions in financial services through digital assets and blockchain technology. Our Competitive Strengths 

Well-positioned in large and growing markets. We believe that ETPs are well positioned to grow significantly faster than the asset management industry as a whole, making our focus on ETPs an advantage over traditional asset management firms. We also believe that by leveraging blockchain technology, asset tokenization will be the future and an integral component of blockchain-enabled financial services. Our commitment to our digital assets and blockchain strategy is further demonstrated through the achievement of the following key milestones: (1) the continued development of WisdomTree Prime ; (2) the tokenization of real-world assets like physical gold (i.e., gold tokens) and U.S. dollars (i.e., dollar tokens); (3) the SEC declaring effective the registration of the WisdomTree Short-Term Treasury Digital Fund and nine other digital or blockchain-enabled mutual funds providing a variety of different exposures to fixed income and equity securities while leveraging blockchain technology; and (4) FINRA approving WT Securities to operate as a limited purpose broker-dealer (i.e., mutual fund retailer), which will allow it to facilitate transactions in Digital Funds offered in our blockchain-native digital wallet WisdomTree Prime . We believe that these key milestones, coupled with our ability to further execute on our digital assets strategy, will serve as fundamental building blocks to solidify our position as an early mover, forward-thinking innovator and industry leader in blockchain-enabled financial services. 

Strong, seasoned and creative management team. We have built a strong and dedicated senior leadership team. Most of our leadership team has significant ETP or financial services industry experience in fund operations, regulatory and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

compliance oversight, product development and management or marketing and communications. We also continue to expand our global digital assets team, which is focused on growing existing and developing new investment products, indexes and strategies that provide exposure to digital assets, along with new blockchain-enabled products and services across global markets. Whether through ETPs, digital assets or decentralized finance, we will continue to be a trusted provider of innovative products and services guided by proactive engagement and regulatory collaboration. We believe that our team has demonstrated an ability to innovate as well as recognize and respond to market opportunities and effectively execute our strategy and has a proven track record including developing an ETP sponsor from the ground up despite significant competitive regulatory and operational barriers. 

Strong performance. We create our own indexes, most of which weight companies in our equity ETFs by a measure of fundamental value and are rebalanced annually. By contrast, traditional indexes are market capitalization weighted and tend to track the momentum of the market. We also offer actively managed ETFs, as well as ETFs based on third-party indexes. In evaluating the performance of our U.S. listed equity, fixed income and alternative ETFs against actively managed and index based mutual funds and ETFs, over 80 of our U.S. listed AUM covered by Morningstar were in the top two quartiles of peer performance on the very short (1 year) and very long (15 year) timeframes. In addition, over 40 of our U.S. listed AUM is rated 4- or 5-star by Morningstar. 

Differentiated product set, powered by innovation and performance . Our products span a variety of traditional and high growth asset classes covering equity, commodity, fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse, currency, cryptocurrency and alternative strategies, and include both passive and actively managed funds. We are also developing next-generation digital products and structures, including Digital Funds and tokenized assets. Our innovations include the following: 

the WisdomTree Prime mobile application, our blockchain-native digital wallet, which will serve as a new direct-to-consumer channel positioning us as an early mover and industry leader in blockchain-enabled financial services; 

the tokenization of real-world assets like physical gold (i.e., gold tokens) and U.S. dollars (i.e., dollar tokens); 

the WisdomTree Short-Term Treasury Digital Fund as well as nine other digital or blockchain-enabled mutual funds that will use blockchain technology to maintain a secondary record of their respective shares on one or more blockchains (e.g., Stellar or Ethereum); 

the first gold and oil ETPs via our acquisition of the European exchange-traded commodity, currency and leveraged-and-inverse business of ETFS Capital Limited, or ETFS Capital. Throughout this Report, we refer to the acquired business as ETFS and the acquisition as the ETFS Acquisition; 

the first ETF to add bitcoin futures exposure; 

the first emerging markets small-cap equity ETF; 

the first actively managed currency ETF; 

the first ETF to provide investors with access to the Additional Tier 1 Contingent Convertible, or CoCo, bond market; 

one of the first international local currency denominated fixed income ETFs; 

the first managed futures strategy ETF; 

the first currency hedged international equity ETFs in the U.S.; 

the first 90/60 balanced ETF; 

the first multifactor ETFs incorporating dynamic currency hedging as a factor; and 

the first smart beta corporate bond suite. Our product development strategy utilizes our Modern Alpha approach, which combines the outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management to offer investors cost-effective funds that are built to perform. Self-indexing is a significant component of this approach. Many of our products are based on proprietary WisdomTree indexes which we believe gives us several advantages. First, it minimizes our third-party index licensing fees, which increases our profitability. Second, because we develop our own intellectual property, we are intimately familiar with our strategies and able to effectively communicate their value proposition in the market with research content and support. Third, it can enhance our speed to market and first mover advantage. Fourth, because these indexes are proprietary to WisdomTree, we may face similar competition, but we never face exact competition. Our expertise in product development combined with our self-indexing capabilities provides a strategic advantage, enabling us to launch 
 9 

Table of Contents 

innovative products. Building on our heritage of innovation, we are also developing next-generation digital products and structures, including Digital Funds and tokenized assets. 

Extensive marketing, research and sales efforts. We have invested significant resources to establish the WisdomTree brand and to promote our products through online and television targeted advertising, social media, as well as through our public relations efforts. Close to 40 of our employees are dedicated to marketing, research and sales. Our sales professionals are the primary points of contact for financial advisors, independent advisory firms and institutional investors who invest in our ETPs. Their efforts are enhanced through value-added services provided by our research and marketing efforts. We have strong relationships with financial advisors and institutional investors and we believe that by strategically aligning these advisor relationships and marketing campaigns with targeted research and sales initiatives and products that align with market sentiment, we differentiate ourselves from our competitors. 

Efficient business model with lower risk profile. We have invested heavily in digital tools and data to market and sell our products and in the internal development of our core competencies with respect to product development, marketing, research and sales of our products. We outsource to third parties those services that are not our core competencies or may be resource or risk intensive, such as the portfolio management responsibilities and fund accounting operations of our products. In addition, our licensing costs are moderated since we create our own indexes for most of our ETFs. Our Growth Strategies We are a global financial innovator, offering a well-diversified suite of world-class ETPs, models and solutions, with AUM of 82.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. We are at the forefront of innovation and believe that tokenization and leveraging the utility of blockchain technology is the next evolution in financial services. We are building the foundation that will allow us to lead in this coming evolution. WisdomTree Prime , our blockchain-native digital wallet, will position us to expand our blockchain-enabled financial services product offerings with a new direct-to-consumer channel where spending, saving and investing are united. As we continue to pursue our digital assets strategy, we are embracing a concept we refer to as responsible DeFi, which we believe upholds the foundational principles of regulation in this innovative and rapidly evolving space. We believe that our expansion into digital assets will complement our existing core competencies in a holistic manner, diversify our revenue streams and contribute to our growth. Our strategy includes the following: 

Launch innovative ETPs that diversify our product offerings and revenues . We have launched many first-to-market ETFs in the U.S. and pioneered alternative weighting and performance methods we call Modern Alpha, which combines the outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management to offer investors cost-effective funds that are built to perform. Our growth plan includes the following: 

target new global product launches filling strategic gaps and seizing tactical opportunities; and 

to be a leader in the ESG space. Our ESG offerings include our ex-state-owned methodology which supports our conviction that government-owned companies, particularly in emerging markets, can often have a negative impact on long-term performance. We offer four distinct ex-state-owned approaches in emerging markets. We also offer broad-based U.S. equity strategies through three products that combine the potential performance benefits of our multifactor methodology with ESG attributes to meet investors evolving needs. Our AUM in these products totaled 3.1 billion at December 31, 2022, ranking us seventh in the U.S. by ESG assets under management. In 2021, we also launched our ESG model portfolios, our first models with explicit and specific ESG objectives split roughly between the demographic and social shift and environmental pressures families. 

Establish ourselves as a leader in digital assets and blockchain-enabled financial services. We continue to make progress and pursue our initiatives in connection with our digital assets business to establish ourselves as a leader in the digital assets industry. Key milestones related to our blockchain-enabled financial services innovation and business development include the following: 

continued development of our blockchain-native digital wallet, WisdomTree Prime , which is currently in beta testing with a nationwide rollout targeted in 2023; 

we tokenized real-world assets like physical gold (i.e., gold tokens) and U.S. dollars (i.e., dollar tokens); 

the SEC declared effective the registration of the WisdomTree Short-Term Treasury Digital Fund and nine other digital or blockchain-enabled mutual funds which provide a variety of different exposures to fixed income and equity securities. Each Digital Fund will use blockchain technology to maintain a secondary record of its shares on one or more blockchains (e.g., Stellar or Ethereum), but will not directly or indirectly invest in any assets that rely on blockchain technology, such as cryptocurrencies; 

FINRA approved our limited purpose broker-dealer, WT Securities, to operate as a mutual fund retailer, which will allow it to facilitate transactions in Digital Funds offered in WisdomTree Prime ; 
 10 

Table of Contents 

we made various other digital asset and blockchain-related regulatory filings and have applications pending in the U.S. as we position ourselves to become a leader in asset tokenization and digital or blockchain-enabled funds, including through federal and state regulated entities; 

we hired a dedicated team across the U.S., U.K, and Ireland focused exclusively on technology, compliance, legal, product, marketing, research and education related to digital assets, DeFi and blockchain technology; 

we completed investments in Securrency, Inc., or Securrency, a blockchain-based financial services infrastructure provider for regulated funds and tokenized assets, Fnality International Limited, or Fnality, a company focused on creating a peer-to-peer digital wholesale settlement ecosystem comprised of a consortium of financial institutions, and Onramp Invest, Inc., or Onramp, a technology firm that provides access to digital assets for registered investment advisers; 

we developed the RWM WisdomTree Crypto Index, which offers digital assets exposure to separately managed accounts through our collaboration with Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC, Onramp and Gemini Trust Company, LLC; 

we launched eight crypto ETPs in Europe, including a bitcoin and ether ETP, crypto asset basket ETPs and other exposures; 

the WisdomTree Enhanced Commodity Strategy Fund (GCC) became the first U.S. listed ETF to add bitcoin futures exposure with inclusion of up to 5 bitcoin futures allocation, and the WisdomTree Managed Futures Fund (WTMF) subsequently added bitcoin futures exposure, also with inclusion of up to 5 bitcoin futures allocation; 

we launched the WisdomTree +Crypto Model Portfolios to serve as an educational resource for advisors through our collaboration with Onramp and Gemini, as well as supported a new digital asset variable annuity product by Federal Life through the development of our +Crypto Model Portfolios; and 

we filed registration statements with the SEC for the WisdomTree Bitcoin Trust and the WisdomTree Ethereum Trust. 

Foster deeper client relationships through technology-enabled and research-driven solutions . We believe technology is altering the way financial advisors conduct business. Our award-winning Advisor Solutions program and our Model Adoption Center, or the MAC, provide technology-enabled and research-driven solutions to help financial advisors address technology challenges and grow and scale their businesses. The Advisor Solutions program includes: 

access to over 40 model portfolios, which are currently available on a number of platforms, including TD Ameritrade, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, Envestnet, 55ip and others. Our model portfolios are a natural extension of our research capabilities and provide advisors access to an open-architecture approach, a tenured team and a firm dedicated to innovation and value creation. As part of this initiative, we launched a series of model portfolios in collaboration with Professor Jeremy Siegel; 

providing customized portfolio and asset allocation services through our Portfolio Growth Solutions program to support registered investment advisers and independent broker dealers in building, implementing, and managing their client portfolios while providing strategic guidance for advisors to support their business growth; 

access to portfolio construction tools such as our award-winning Digital Portfolio Developer, an enhanced portfolio construction tool that assists financial advisors in analyzing an existing investment portfolio by examining the data and providing alternative portfolio approaches to consider in seeking to improve outcomes based on different measures; 

wealth investment research and ETF education; and 

practice management resources, including access to thought leaders in behavioral finance, leadership, and transforming wealth management technology. 

Deepen relationships with distribution platforms . We maintain relationships with certain distribution platforms that allow commission-free trading of our ETFs. These relationships are beneficial to us as they provide greater marketing privileges and access to the platforms advisors. As financial advisors continue to migrate away from mutual funds, we use our expertise in ETFs to build new relationships and educate advisors about the benefits of ETFs. Some of these relationships that exist today are with LPL Financial, BNY Mellon/Pershing, Raymond James, Cetera, Swissquote and others. 

Leverage data intelligence to serve and expand investor base and improve sales and marketing effectiveness. We utilize a cognitive customer-focused lead prioritization system which has enhanced our distribution efforts. The system evaluates data across structured and unstructured sources such as historical investment data, market data and investor 
 11 

Table of Contents 

activity history, extracting behavioral insights, and is designed to enable our sales and marketing teams to optimize outreach to our current and potential investor base. 

Selectively pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions. We may pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions that will enable us to strengthen our current business, expand and diversify our product offerings, complement our Advisor Solutions program, increase our AUM or enter into new markets. We believe pursuing acquisitions or other strategic transactions is a cost-effective means of growing our business and AUM. Human Capital Resources We compete in the highly competitive asset management industry. Attracting, retaining and motivating highly skilled, and sometimes highly specialized, employees in operations, product development, research, sales and marketing and other positions is crucial to our ability to compete effectively. Our ability to recruit and retain such employees depends on a number of factors, including our corporate culture and work environment, informed by our values and behaviors, talent development and career opportunities and compensation and benefits. We strive to differentiate ourselves in the asset management industry through our sense of community and purpose integrated into our culture, while encouraging a culture where every employee has a voice. Employee Profile At December 31, 2022, we had 273 full-time employees globally, consisting of 173 in the U.S. and 100 in Europe. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we consider our relations with employees to be good. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We recognize that a diverse set of perspectives is critical to innovation and have built a diverse and inclusive workforce that includes all genders, races, religions, and ages, as well as those in the disabled community. We actively seek candidates from different backgrounds and outside traditional fields and reinforce our commitment to diversity through organizational policies, such as mandating fairness and equality for all employees and creating performance appraisal systems that are non-discriminatory. Our Women s Initiative Network, or WIN, is an employee-led network designed to provide opportunities and support from all genders for women at WisdomTree; career development and professional training opportunities; and female empowerment and leadership within the organization. Since its inception in 2019, WIN has held several successful global events, including panel discussions on women in the workforce featuring notable guest speakers; interactive seminars on topics including negotiation skills; workshops and coaching sessions to enhance confidence to speak up; and various roundtable forums, informal coffee catch-ups and in-person and virtual social gatherings to promote connectivity and increase engagement. WIN also produces weekly internal spotlight newsletters to increase visibility and raise the profile of our female employees and in 2022 expanded its efforts to promote their external visibility, leading to being shortlisted by Women in Asset Management USA for DEI Initiative of the Year, Employer of the Year, Advocate of the Year and Next Generation Leader of the Year. We pride ourselves on the diversity of our employee base globally, inclusive of gender, race, ethnicity, age, gender identity, gender expression and sexual orientation, and seek to continuously strengthen our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion, or DEI. In 2020, after engaging with a DEI-focused external consulting firm, we conducted an employee survey and several focus groups. The output from these exercises was incorporated into a DEI strategic plan and resulted in the formation of an employee-led DEI Council in 2021. The objectives of this plan include driving clarity and accountability around our commitment to fostering an inclusive culture where all employees feel empowered to do their best work; building trust across differences to ensure employees feel a sense of community and belonging; providing clear paths for growth and development opportunities; and elevating diverse voices and perspectives. The DEI Council is comprised of senior leaders and employees and provides oversight and guidance in connection with the implementation of programs contemplated by the DEI strategic plan. The DEI Council seeks to foster a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace culture in support of WisdomTree s DEI vision. In 2022, the DEI Council continued to assess diversity across the firm through employee surveys and launched a DEI workshop series aimed at giving employees practical tools to use in building and fostering an inclusive culture. Employee Wellness, Health and Safety The wellbeing of our employees is a primary focus. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we established a committee that led a coordinated strategy and acted quickly, implementing significant changes across the organization to protect our people. Our entire global workforce transitioned seamlessly and worked remotely and successfully throughout the pandemic. We continue to provide frequent communications to keep our employees informed about health, safety and remote working logistics and offer expanded health, wellness and other benefits. For example, we support employees with their information technology needs, provide a monthly stipend to cover remote work-related business expenses and provide guidance for managers to ensure that employees remain connected and maintain physical, mental and emotional wellbeing. We also continue to offer numerous wellness programs including meditation and yoga classes, health webinars, a weekly wellness newsletter and access to mental health professionals and other resources. We also offer flexible paid time-off and sick leave policies to provide employees additional flexibility. As the virtual work environment during the pandemic led to efficiencies, increased transparency and further collaboration throughout our business, we continue to maintain a remote first philosophy. This means that time in the office is not prescribed, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

and individuals and teams are empowered to determine how they work best, based on their role, while remaining accountable for achieving individual and team outcomes. This decision was made after soliciting feedback from our employees, a significant number of whom were highly supportive of these plans. In keeping with remote first, we terminated the lease for our principal executive offices in New York and London and now maintain a smaller office footprint to better align with the number of employees expected to collaborate in person on any given day, while providing a space for employees to work and socialize. As the safety and security of our employees who choose to work in our office space is of critical importance, we have selected office buildings with robust security procedures, fire safety and sanitation and health practices. Compliance, Training and Development We comply with all applicable government laws, rules and regulations and it is the responsibility of each employee to adhere to the standards and restrictions imposed by those laws, rules and regulations. All new employees attend a compliance training session with a compliance officer, and thereafter, employees are required to attend firmwide annual compliance training and to complete compliance certifications annually and in some instances, quarterly. As we believe that our employees are our greatest asset, we recognize the importance of investing in their continued development. We provide a variety of opportunities for our employees to build new skills and further their career development. These include job-specific training courses, virtual executive lunches and webinars hosted by various departments to gain a holistic view of the Company. We also support employees continuing education, including through our educational assistance program. In addition, we invest in our current and future leaders through leadership development courses and coaching, and through our WIN mentorship program, we connect WIN members of all genders with leaders who can help them achieve their career development goals. We also hold monthly town halls to inform our employees of business developments and job openings for those seeking career development opportunities. Employee Engagement We believe engaging our employees is key to fostering new ideas and driving commitment and productivity. We communicate frequently and transparently with our employees through a variety of communication methods, including an annual global virtual offsite, monthly town halls and firmwide weekly emails championing the team s work. We also seek feedback from our employees through annual engagement surveys and follow-up pulse surveys on various topics. We also believe it is important to celebrate employee and Company accomplishments. In 2022, we celebrated our third annual Team Alpha Awards to mark significant events and successes and to recognize employees who led those successes while exhibiting extraordinary teamwork and demonstrating strong character. Over 100 nominations were submitted and narrowed down by a selection committee. The winners received a modest incentive compensation award, the opportunity to donate to a charity of their choice and to recognize other employees who assisted them. The success of our employee engagement efforts is demonstrated by our employee retention rate of approximately 88 in 2022. We also achieved overall positive results from our 2022 global employee engagement survey, with a 96 participation rate. Additionally, in the U.S., we were named a 2022 Best Places to Work in Money Management by Pension Investments for the third consecutive year and six years total and were selected as the top firm within the category for managers with 100-499 employees. We were also named Best WorkPlace for medium-sized companies in the U.K. for a third consecutive year and a 2022 Best Workplace for Women for medium-sized companies by Great Place to Work. Compensation and Benefits We are committed to rewarding and supporting our employees in order to continue to attract and retain top talent. Our incentive compensation program has been designed to reward our employees for their individual performance as well as the Company s performance and includes various quantitative metrics and qualitative results that incentivize growth. We believe a key factor in our success has been and continues to be fostering an entrepreneurial culture where our employees act and think like our owners. As such, we believe that equity awards are an important part of our employees overall compensation package and that incentivizing our employees with equity aligns the interests of our employees with our stockholders. We also offer a wide array of benefits including generous healthcare coverage, paid vacation, parental, sabbatical and sick leave, life insurance, short- and long-term disability benefits and a 401(k) plan with a matching contribution of up to 50 of eligible employee contributions. Our Product Categories U.S. Equity We offer equity products that provide access to the securities of large, mid and small-cap companies located in the U.S., as well as particular market sectors and styles. Our U.S. Equity products track our own indexes, the majority of which are fundamentally weighted as opposed to market capitalization weighted indexes, which assign more weight to stocks with the highest market capitalizations. These fundamentally weighted indexes focus on securities of companies that pay regular cash dividends or on securities of companies that have generated positive cumulative earnings over a certain period. We believe weighting equity 
 13 

Table of Contents 

markets by dividends and income, rather than by market capitalization, can provide investors with better risk-adjusted returns over longer term periods in core equity exposures. Total AUM of our U.S. Equity products was 24.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Commodity Currency We offer products in Europe with exposure to gold and other precious metals and commodities such as silver and platinum, oil and energy, agriculture and broad basket commodities. Our currency products provide investors with exposure to developed and emerging markets currencies, as well as exposures to foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Total AUM of our Commodity Currency products was 22.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Fixed Income Our Fixed Income products seek to enhance income potential within the fixed income universe. We offer a suite of rising rate bond products based on leading fixed income benchmarks we license from third parties. We also launched the industry s first smart beta corporate bond suite. Other product offerings include those that seek to track a yield-enhanced index of U.S. investment grade bonds and international fixed income products which are denominated in either local or U.S. currencies. Total AUM of our Fixed Income products was 15.3 billion at December 31, 2022. International Developed Market Equity Our International Developed Market Equity products offer a variety of strategies including currency hedged and dynamic currency hedged products, exposures to large, mid and small-cap companies in these markets and multifactor strategies. Total AUM of our International Developed Market Equity products was 10.2 billion at December 31, 2022. Emerging Market Equity Our Emerging Market Equity products provide access to exposure of large, mid and small-cap companies located in Taiwan, China, India, Russia, South Africa, South Korea and other emerging markets regions. These products also track our own indexes, which are fundamentally weighted focusing on securities of companies that pay regular cash dividends or that have generated positive cumulative earnings over a certain period. Total AUM of our Emerging Market Equity products was 8.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Leveraged Inverse We offer leveraged products which seek to achieve a return that is a multiple of the performance of the underlying index and inverse products that seek to deliver the opposite of the performance in the index or benchmark they track. Strategies span across equity, commodity, government bond and currency exposures. Total AUM of our Leveraged Inverse products was 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022. Alternatives Our Alternative products include the industry s first managed futures strategy ETF and a global real return ETF. We also offer a dynamic long/short U.S. equity ETF, a dynamic bearish U.S. equity ETF and a collateralized put write strategy ETF on the S P 500 index. We also intend to explore additional alternative strategy products in the future. Total AUM of our Alternative products was 0.3 billion at December 31, 2022. Cryptocurrency Our cryptocurrency ETPs in Europe provide investors with a simple, secure and cost-efficient way to gain exposure to the price of cryptocurrencies, while utilizing the best of traditional financial infrastructure and product structuring. We offer exposures to bitcoin, ether, crypto asset baskets and other cryptocurrency exposures. Total AUM of our cryptocurrency products was 0.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Our Sales, Marketing and Research Efforts Sales We distribute our ETPs through all major channels within the asset management industry, including banks, brokerage firms, registered investment advisers, institutional investors, private wealth managers and online brokers. Our primary sales efforts are not directed towards the retail segment but rather are directed towards the financial or investment adviser who acts as the intermediary between the end-client and us. We do not pay commissions, nor do we offer 12b-1 fees to financial advisors to use or recommend the use of our products. We have developed an extensive network and relationships with financial advisors and we believe that our ETPs and related research are well structured to meet their needs and those of their clients. We have taken steps to enhance and form new relationships through our Advisor Solutions program, including providing customized portfolio and asset allocation services through our Portfolio Growth Solutions program to support registered investment advisers and independent broker dealers in building, implementing and managing their client portfolios while providing strategic guidance for advisors to support their 
 14 

Table of Contents 

business growth. Our Advisor Solutions program also provides technology-enabled and research-driven solutions to help financial advisors grow and scale their businesses. In addition, senior and academic advisors of ours participate as keynote speakers in various industry and WisdomTree hosted conferences and events. Our sales professionals act in a consultative role to provide financial advisors with value-added services. We seek to consistently grow our network of financial advisors and we opportunistically seek to introduce new products and services that best deliver our investment strategies to investors through these distribution channels. We have our own team of 65 sales professionals globally as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we have agreements with third parties to serve as the external marketing agents for our products in Latin America and Israel, as well as with select brokerage firms and independent broker-dealers to allow certain of our products to trade commission free on their platforms in exchange for a percentage of our advisory fee revenues from certain AUM. We believe these arrangements expand our distribution capabilities in a cost-effective manner and we may continue to enter into such arrangements in the future. Marketing Our marketing efforts are focused on the following objectives: increase our global brand awareness, leverage a robust data-driven digital sales experience to generate new clients and drive inflows to our products and model portfolios and retain existing clients, with a focus on cross-selling additional WisdomTree ETPs. We also anticipate launching marketing campaigns to drive awareness and user adoption for WisdomTree Prime and to position ourselves to become a leader in asset tokenization and blockchain-enabled funds. We pursue these objectives utilizing the following strategies: 

Targeted advertising. We create highly targeted multi-media advertising campaigns limited to established core financial media. For example, our television advertising to promote our ETPs runs exclusively on the cable networks CNBC, Fox Business and Bloomberg. Television advertising will also be utilized to promote WisdomTree Prime TM . Also, our digital advertising runs on many investing and ETF-specific web sites, such as www.etftrends.com and www.etfdatabase.com , using targeted dynamic and personalized ad messaging. We recently introduced non-linear TV advertising that leverages the same targeted segments of users who use streaming devices. In Europe, we filter the targeting of promotions by both region and language, focusing heavily on professional investors. 

Media relations. We have a full-time global corporate communications and public relations team that has established relationships with major financial media outlets. We utilize these relationships to help increase global awareness of the WisdomTree ETPs, the ETP industry in general in the U.S. and Europe and our digital assets efforts. Several members of our management team and multiple members of our research team are frequent market commentators and conference panelists. 

Database Messaging Strategy. We have a database of financial advisors to which we regularly market through a series of messages across channels (email, display, site) that are triggered based on user interest and predictive analytics, on-demand research presentations, ETP-specific or educational events and presentations, and market commentary from our senior investment strategy adviser, Professor Jeremy Siegel. Additionally, in the U.S., we communicate to our retail database about new product launches and provide ETF education. 

Social media. We have implemented a social media strategy that allows us to connect directly with financial advisors and investors by offering timely access to our research material and more general market commentary. Our social media strategy allows us to continually enhance our brand reputation of expertise and thought leadership in the ETP industry. For example, we have an established presence on LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Reddit and YouTube, and our blog content is syndicated across multiple business-oriented websites. We also plan to leverage the strength and reach of our existing brand, in addition to utilizing a highly focused test, learn, iterate paid and social media marketing strategy, to drive awareness and user adoption for WisdomTree Prime . 

Sales support. We create comprehensive materials to support our sales process, including whitepapers, research reports, webinars, blogs, podcasts, videos and performance data for our products. Our marketing automation system connects seamlessly to our database of financial advisors to provide the sales team with additional insights about their clients. We will continue to evolve our marketing and communication efforts in response to changes in the ETP industry, market conditions, marketing trends and our evolving strategy around digital assets. Research and Chief Investment Office Our research team and chief investment office, or CIO, has four core functions: product development and oversight, investment research, model portfolio management and sales support across equities, fixed income, alternatives, crypto and asset allocation portfolios. In its index and active product development and oversight role, the group is responsible for creating the investment methodologies and overseeing the maintenance of indexes and active strategies. The team also provides a variety of investment research around these indexes and markets and manages a series of model portfolios that incorporate WisdomTree and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

third-party products for various investment platforms, including WisdomTree Prime . Our research is typically academic-type research to support our products, including white papers on the strategies underlying our indexes and ETPs, investment insights on current market trends, and types of investment strategies that drive long-term performance. We distribute our research and insights through our sales professionals, online through our website and blog, targeted emails to financial advisors, or through financial media or social media outlets. Finally, the team supports our sales professionals in meetings as market experts and through custom analysis on client portfolio holdings. In addition, we consult with our senior advisers, including Professor Jeremy Siegel, on product development ideas, model collaboration and market commentaries. Product Development We are focused on driving continued growth through innovative product development including through our Modern Alpha approach and our digital assets offerings. Modern Alpha combines the outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management to offer investors cost-effective products that are built to perform. Due to our proprietary index development capabilities and a strategic focus on product development, we have demonstrated an ability to launch innovative and differentiated ETPs. Building on our heritage of innovation, we are also developing next-generation digital products and structures, including Digital Funds and tokenized assets. When developing new products, we seek to position ourselves as first to market, offering improvement in structure or strategy relative to an incumbent product or offering some other key distinction relative to an incumbent product. In short, we want to add choice in the market and seek to introduce thoughtful investment solutions. Lastly, when launching new products, we seek to expand and diversify our overall product line. Competition The asset management industry is highly competitive and we face substantial competition in virtually all aspects of our business. Factors affecting our business include fees for our products, our offerings and investment performance, brand recognition, business reputation, quality of service and the continuity of our financial advisor and platform relationships. We compete directly with other ETP sponsors and mutual fund companies and indirectly against other investment management firms, insurance companies, banks, brokerage firms and other financial institutions. Many of the firms we compete with are subsidiaries of large diversified financial companies and many others are much larger in terms of AUM, years in operations and revenues and, accordingly, have much larger sales organizations and budgets. In addition, these larger competitors may attract business through means that are not available to us, including retail bank offices, investment banking, insurance agencies and broker-dealers. ETPs are now available for virtually every asset class including equities, fixed income, commodities, alternative strategies, leveraged-and-inverse, currencies and cryptocurrencies (with greater access to markets outside of the U.S.). Existing players have broadened their suite of products offering strategies that are, in some cases, similar to ours and large traditional asset managers are also launching ETPs, some with similar strategies as well. There remain substantial areas for sponsors to continue to innovate, including with respect to cryptocurrency, liquid alternative, thematic and ESG strategies. Price competition exists in not only commoditized product categories such as traditional, market capitalization weighted index exposures and commodities, but also in non-market capitalization weighted or factor-based exposures and commodities. Fee reductions by certain of our competitors has been a trend over the last few years and continues to persist and many of our competitors are well positioned to benefit from this trend. Certain larger competitors are able to offer products at lower price points or otherwise as loss leaders due to other revenue sources available within such competitors that are currently unavailable to us. Newer players have also been entering the ETP industry and frequently seek to differentiate by offering ETPs at a lower price point. Funds are being offered with fees of 20 basis points or less, which have attracted approximately 78 of the net flows globally during the last three years. However, while these low-cost products have accumulated a significant amount of AUM recently, we estimate that these same funds represent only approximately 33 of global revenues. Being a first mover, or one of the first providers of ETPs in a particular asset class, can be a significant advantage, as the first ETP in a category to attract scale in AUM and trading liquidity is generally viewed as the most attractive product. We believe that our early launch of products in a number of asset classes or strategies, including fundamental weighting and currency hedging, along with commodities including gold, certain fixed income, alternative and thematic categories and our ESG offerings, positions us well to maintain our standing as one of the leaders of the ETP industry. Additionally, we believe that our affiliated indexing or self-indexing model, as well as our more recent active ETFs, enable us to launch proprietary products that do not have direct competition and are positioned to generate alpha versus benchmarks. As investors increasingly become more comfortable with the product structure, we believe there will be a greater focus on after-fee performance rather than using ETPs primarily as low-cost market access vehicles. While we have selectively lowered fee rates on certain products that have yet to attain scale, and there is no assurance that we will not lower fee rates on certain products in the future, our strategy continues to include launching new funds in the same category with a differentiated exposure at a lower fee rate, rather than reducing fees on existing products with a significant amount of AUM, long performance track records, and secondary market liquidity, which continue to remain competitively priced for the value provided, among other factors. We generally believe we are well positioned from a product pricing perspective. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

We also have been positioning ourselves to expand beyond our existing ETP business by leveraging blockchain technology, digital assets and principles of DeFi to deliver transparency, choice and inclusivity to customers and consumers around the world. Our products are expanding to include asset tokenization and digital or blockchain-enabled mutual funds, leveraging federal and state regulated entities. In 2022, the SEC declared effective the registration of the WisdomTree Short-Term Treasury Digital Fund and nine other Digital Funds, which provide a variety of different exposures to fixed income and equity securities. FINRA also approved our limited purpose broker-dealer, WT Securities, to operate as a mutual fund retailer, which will allow it to facilitate transactions in Digital Funds offered in WisdomTree Prime . Further, we have tokenized real-world assets like physical gold (i.e., gold tokens) and U.S. dollars (i.e., dollar tokens). These products are being developed with the ability to be recorded and/or transferred on multiple public and/or permissioned blockchains with interoperability between blockchains. We believe this expansion will complement our core competencies in a holistic manner, diversify our revenue streams and contribute to our growth. Competition in the digital assets industry on a global basis is increasing, ranging from large, established financial incumbents to smaller, early-stage financial technology providers and companies. There are jurisdictions with more stringent and robust regulatory and compliance requirements than others which could impact the ability of a company to compete in the digital assets industry. We are embracing a concept we refer to as responsible DeFi for our anticipated and expanded products and services which we believe upholds the foundational principles of regulation in this innovative and quickly evolving space. We remain committed to being a trusted provider of innovative products and services guided by proactive engagement and continued collaboration with current and new regulators. Our ability to successfully compete will depend largely on offering innovative products through traditional ETPs and digital asset exposures (and more broadly in blockchain-enabled finance, including savings and payments), having strong internal controls and risk management infrastructure to enable customer trust, generating strong after-fee performance and track records, embracing regulation, developing distribution relationships, promoting thought leadership and a differentiated solutions program, building upon our brand and attracting and retaining talented sales professionals and other employees. Regulatory Framework of the ETP Industry and Digital Assets Business Introduction ETPs Not all ETPs are ETFs. ETFs are a distinct type of security with features that are different than other ETPs. ETFs are open-end investment companies or unit investment trusts regulated in the U.S. by the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the Investment Company Act. This regulatory structure is designed to provide investor protection within a pooled investment product. For example, the Investment Company Act requires that at least 40 of the Trustees for each ETF must not be affiliated persons of the fund s investment manager, or Independent Trustees. If the ETF seeks to rely on certain rules under the Investment Company Act, a majority of the Trustees for that ETF must be Independent Trustees. ETFs generally operate under regulations that allow them to operate within the ETF structure, while ETFs also operate under regulations that prohibit affiliated transactions, are subject to standard pricing and valuation rules and have mandated compliance programs. ETPs can take a number of forms in addition to ETFs, including exchange-traded notes, grantor trusts or limited partnerships. In the U.S. market, a key factor differentiating ETFs, grantor trusts and limited partnerships from exchange-traded notes is that the former hold assets underlying the ETP. Exchange traded notes, on the other hand, are debt instruments issued by the exchange-traded note sponsor. Also, each of these structures has implications for taxes, liquidity, tracking error and credit risk. Digital Assets As we continue to make progress and pursue various initiatives in connection with our digital assets business, we believe it is necessary and important to do so in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As a result, we are actively engaged or plan to be engaged with a variety of U.S. federal and state regulators (e.g., the SEC, FINRA, New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) and other state regulators) to secure, as necessary, the appropriate regulatory, registration and/or licensing approvals for various business initiatives and operations, including but not limited to: a New York state-chartered limited purpose trust company; money services and money transmitter business; broker-dealer; investment adviser; and investment funds. As we seek to expand globally, similar approvals and/or reliance on exemptions will be required in applicable foreign markets, which may also involve approvals specific to a digital asset or related business. If we are successful in securing the appropriate regulatory, registration and/or licensing approvals, or otherwise relying on, seeking or confirming exemptions therefrom, for these different initiatives in connection with our digital assets business, we will be subject to a myriad of complex and evolving global policy frameworks and associated regulatory requirements that we would need to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, in seeking to ensure that our digital asset products and services are successfully brought to different markets in a compliant manner. We remain committed to being a trusted provider of innovative products and services guided by proactive engagement and regulatory collaboration. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

U.S. Regulation The investment management industry is subject to extensive regulation and virtually all aspects of our business are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect investment advisory clients and shareholders of registered investment companies. These laws generally grant supervisory agencies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the conduct of our business and to impose sanctions for failure to comply with these laws and regulations. Further, such laws and regulations provide the basis for examination, inquiry, investigation, enforcement action and/or litigation that may also result in significant costs to us. We are primarily subject to the following laws and regulations, among others. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations have increased and will continue to contribute to the costs of doing business: 

The Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (Investment Advisers Act). The SEC is the federal agency generally responsible for administering the U.S. federal securities laws. WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc., or WT Asset Management, and WisdomTree Digital Management, Inc., or WT Digital Management, two of our subsidiaries, are registered as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act and, as such, are regulated by the SEC. The Investment Advisers Act requires registered investment advisers to comply with numerous and broad obligations, including, among others, recordkeeping requirements, operational procedures, and registration, reporting and disclosure obligations. 

The Investment Company Act of 1940 (Investment Company Act). All of our Digital Funds and U.S. listed ETFs are registered with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Company Act. These products must comply with the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and other regulations, such as those related to publicly offering and listing shares, as well as requirements of Rule 6c-11, or the ETF Rule, including, among others, requirements relating to operations, fees charged, sales, accounting, recordkeeping, disclosure, transparency and governance. In addition, the SEC recently finalized new rules and/or rule amendments related to valuation, fund of fund investing, derivatives and marketing/advertising, with compliance deadlines throughout 2022, and the SEC is expected to continue to propose new and/or revised provisions under the Investment Company Act that will impact current and future digital fund and ETF operations and/or investments. 

Broker-Dealer Regulations. WT Securities is a FINRA member firm. As a limited purpose broker-dealer, WT Securities will operate as a mutual fund retailer for the Digital Funds offered through WisdomTree Prime . This business is separate from other WisdomTree subsidiaries operating as Digital Fund and ETF sponsors in the U.S. which are not required to be registered with the SEC as broker-dealers under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. However, many of our employees, including all of our salespersons, are licensed with FINRA and are registered either as associated persons of WT Securities or the distributor of the WisdomTree Digital Funds and U.S. listed ETFs and, as such, are subject to the regulations of FINRA that relate to licensing, continuing education requirements and sales practices. FINRA also regulates the content of our marketing and sales material. 

Federal Money Services Business and State Money Transmission Laws. WisdomTree Digital Movement, Inc. is operating as a money services business registered with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, and is seeking state money transmitter licenses to operate a platform for the purchase, sale and exchange of digital assets, while also providing digital wallet services through WisdomTree Prime to facilitate such activity. Navigating state regulations across the U.S. provides compliance challenges and significant costs as regulations and expectations differ between states, with different states seeking to achieve different objectives with their regulations, from consumer protection to preventing money laundering. In addition, licensure requirements are quickly evolving (including regulators not permitting certain activities related to digital assets pursuant to such licenses), with the associated timeframes for licensure increasing and licensure being further complicated by recent market events and bankruptcies of firms in the digital assets space. 

Internal Revenue Code. The WisdomTree Trust generally has obligations with respect to the qualification of the registered investment companies for pass-through tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. In September 2021, draft tax legislation was released that would directly impact the tax treatment of ETFs. The proposed legislation would eliminate ETFs chief tax advantage by repealing Section 852(b)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code, which allows ETFs to redeem shares in-kind without exposing long-term investors to capital gains on any individual security in the underlying ETF structure. We believe that ETFs are an important tool used by retail investors striving to build financial security, as well as younger investors who are participating in the financial markets for the first time. The ETF creation and redemption process ensures accurate index tracking for the benefit of all shareholders and it is the most cost-effective and tax-efficient way to achieve this, directly benefiting the end investor. We believe that ETFs have proven to be a successful investment structure that should be protected. If eliminated, ETFs would lose a valuable benefit associated with the structure; however, overall industry growth should not be materially affected due to the other inherent benefits of ETFs transparency and liquidity. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and National Futures Association (NFA). Regulations adopted by the CFTC have required WT Asset Management to become a member of the NFA and register as a commodity pool operator for a select number of our ETFs. 

Exchange Listing Requirements. Each WisdomTree U.S. listed ETF is listed on a secondary market (each, an Exchange), including NYSE Arca, the NASDAQ Market and the CBOE Exchange, and accordingly is subject to the listing requirements of these Exchanges. Any new WisdomTree U.S. listed ETF will seek listing on an Exchange and also will need to meet continued Exchange listing requirements, which generally align with requirements of the ETF Rule. However, the SEC or an Exchange may ultimately determine not to allow the issuance of potential new WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs or may require strategy modifications as part of the registration and/or listing process. In addition, our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and we are therefore also subject to its rules including corporate governance listing standards, as well as federal and state securities laws. 

FINRA Rules. FINRA rules and guidance may affect how WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs are sold by member firms. Although we currently do not offer so-called leveraged ETFs in the U.S., which may include within their holdings derivative instruments such as options, futures or swaps to obtain leveraged exposures. FINRA guidance, the recently effective SEC Rule 18f-4, or the Derivatives Rule, and/or other future rules or regulations may influence how member firms effect sales of certain WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs, such as our currency ETFs, or how such ETFs operate, which also use some forms of derivatives, including forward currency contracts and swaps, our international hedged equity ETFs, which use currency forwards, and our rising rates bond ETFs and alternative strategy ETFs, which use futures or options. International Regulation Our operations outside the U.S. are subject to the laws and regulations of various non-U.S. jurisdictions and non-U.S. regulatory agencies and bodies. As we have expanded our international presence, a number of our subsidiaries and international operations have become subject to regulatory systems, in various jurisdictions, comparable to those covering our operations in the U.S. Regulators in these non-U.S. jurisdictions may have broad authority with respect to the regulation of financial services including, among other things, the authority to grant or cancel required licenses or registrations. Jersey-Domiciled Issuers (Managed by WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited) One of our subsidiaries, WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited, or ManJer, is a Jersey based management company providing investment and other management services to several Jersey-domiciled issuers, or ManJer Issuers, of exchange-traded commodities, or ETCs, each of which was established as a special purpose vehicle to issue exchange-traded securities. All ETCs are listed and marketed across the European Union, or EU, under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended), or the Prospectus Regulation. Since January 4, 2021, the Central Bank of Ireland, or Central Bank, approves all ETC Base Prospectuses (with the exception of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited s prospectus which is approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority) as meeting the requirements imposed under EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to those securities to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (recast) Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, or MiFID II, and/or which are to be offered to the public in any European Economic Area, or EEA, Member State. All ETC prospectuses (except WisdomTree Issuer X Limited s prospectus) are also approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or FCA, as U.K. Listing Authority, as competent authority pursuant to the U.K. version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017 on the form and content of such prospectuses and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC which is part of U.K. law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, or the U.K. Prospectus Regulation. Each prospectus (except WisdomTree Issuer X Limited s prospectus) is prepared, and a copy is sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, or JFSC, in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. Each ManJer Issuer (other than WisdomTree Issuer X Limited) has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988 (as amended), to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to its ETCs. At the request of the relevant ManJer Issuer, the Central Bank has notified the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to other EU listing authorities, including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain and Sweden, by providing them with certificates of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Each issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member States with such certificates for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States and/or for admission to trading of all or any securities on a regulated market. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited s program for the issuance of WisdomTree digital securities does not constitute a collective investment fund for the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988 (as amended) as it satisfies the requirements of Article 2 of the Collective Investments Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. A copy of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited s prospectus has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and the Registrar has consented to its circulation. The JFSC has consented under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 
 19 

Table of Contents 

to the issue of the WisdomTree digital securities by WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. The prospectus of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is also recognized by the Swiss Prospectus Office. The ManJer Issuers are primarily subject to the following legislation and regulatory requirements: 

The Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Each ManJer Issuer is incorporated as a public limited liability company under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Therefore, the ManJer Issuers are required to comply with various obligations under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 such as, but not limited to, convening general meetings, keeping proper books and records and filing financial statements. 

The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA , which was passed as part of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment (HIRE) Act, generally requires that foreign financial institutions and certain other non-financial foreign entities report on the foreign assets held by their U.S. account holders or be subject to withholding on withholdable payments. The HIRE Act also contained legislation requiring U.S. persons to report, depending on the value, their foreign financial accounts and foreign assets. ETCs benefit from the so called listing exemption and Jersey local authorities have determined that for companies which can benefit from such exemption the filing of a nil report is optional. 

The Common Reporting Standards, or CRS , were developed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and is a global reporting standard for the automatic exchange of information. The ManJer Issuers will need to conduct FATCA style due diligence and annual local reporting in relation to financial accounts held directly and indirectly by residents of those jurisdictions with which the Foreign Financial Institutions (FFIs) jurisdiction of residence has signed an Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) to implement the CRS. Unlike FATCA, there is no clear listing exemption available under the CRS so the ManJer Issuers are required to conduct full due diligence to identify such accounts and report on them on an annual basis to their local tax authorities, at least in respect of the certificated interests and primary market issuances. However, Jersey tax authorities have applied less onerous reporting obligations to interests such as ETCs that are regularly traded on an established securities market and are held through CREST, the U.K. based central securities depository. The ManJer Issuers are also primarily subject to the following legislation and regulatory requirements: 

The Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988. Each ManJer Issuer (other than WisdomTree Issuer X Limited) is a collective investment fund and therefore required to comply with the obligations under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988 and the Code of Practice for Certified Funds. 

The Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus of each ManJer Issuer has been drafted, and any offer of ETCs in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation is made in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any relevant implementing measure in such Member States. 

Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR ). EMIR, which became effective on August 16, 2012, provides for certain over-the-counter, or OTC, derivative contracts to be submitted to central clearing and imposes margin posting and other risk mitigation techniques, reporting and record keeping requirements. The clearing obligations under EMIR are still under discussion, and currently there are no mandatory clearing obligations in relation to equity, FX or commodity derivatives. The clearing obligation only applies to EU-based financial counterparties (defined as those authorized under MiFID, CRR, AIFMD, UCITS or insurance regulations) or those non-financial entities that have a rolling three-month notional exposure above a certain amount (between 1 and 3 billion, depending on asset class), which means that the ManJer Issuers are not directly subject to these obligations, but could indirectly be subject to them by virtue of their interaction with EU-based financial counterparties. In terms of reporting obligations, being non-EU entities, the ManJer Issuers are only indirectly subject to such obligations when they interact with their EU-based financial counter-parties. Each ManJer Issuer has adhered to the 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 

Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (the Regulation and Directive 2014/57/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on criminal sanctions for market abuse (the Directive and, together with the Regulation, MAD ). Obligations imposed on the relevant ManJer Issuer and distributor under MAD, which became effective on July 3, 2016, include the requirement to publish inside information in a public and timely manner, to prepare and maintain a list of insiders and to refrain from market manipulation. 

Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 BMR ). Supervised EU entities which issue financial instruments that reference a benchmark are required to comply with applicable obligations 
 20 

Table of Contents 

as set out under the BMR. The BMR was published on June 30, 2016 and the majority of the provisions became effective on January 1, 2018. The ManJer Issuers are non-EU entities and as a result, BMR application is very limited, although in some circumstances a few residual obligations could be deemed to be applicable because the ETCs are marketed across Europe. 

Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products PRIIPS ). PRIIPs became effective on January 1, 2018 and applies to investment product manufacturers and distributors. Under PRIIPs, manufacturers need to provide a key information document (KIDs) to investors. The intention of KIDs is to improve transparency for investors on the products and enhance investor protection. The product manufacturer is responsible for drafting the KID and for its content. All ETCs are currently subject to PRIIPs and KIDs have been produced since January 1, 2018. 

MiFID II. MiFID II covers a wide range of areas that affect the relevant issuer and distributor, such as product governance, a definition of complex products which captures all physical and synthetic ETCs and the production of a European MiFID template, or an EMT, to facilitate the dissemination of relevant information to the markets and distributors in relation to each financial product. 

Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. SFTR ). Counterparties to securities financing transactions must report the transaction to trade repositories. The SFTR introduces a reporting requirement for transactions, and a disclosure requirement to investors with a requirement for prior consent. It also designates that financial instruments used for re-hypothecation are transferred to an account in the name of the other counterparty. Since the ManJer Issuers are based in non-EU jurisdictions, obligations are only indirectly applicable to them, but a certain level of interaction with EU counterparties is required to comply with some of these requirements. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is also primarily subject to the following legislation and regulatory requirements: 

The Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is required to comply with the obligations under the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 in respect of its issue of the WisdomTree digital securities. 

The Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is required to comply with the obligations under the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002 in respect of its circulation of the WisdomTree digital securities prospectus. Irish-Domiciled Issuer of UCITS ETFs (Managed by WisdomTree Management Limited) The investment management industry in Ireland is subject to both Irish domestic law and EU law. The Central Bank of Ireland, or the Central Bank, is responsible for the authorization and supervision of collective investment schemes, or CIS, in Ireland. CIS s are also commonly known as funds/schemes. There are two main categories of funds authorized by the Central Bank, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) and funds that are not UCITS known as alternative investment funds. ETFs form part of the Irish and European regulatory frameworks that govern UCITS, with ETFs having been the subject of specific consideration at the European level which is then repeated and/or interpreted by Irish regulators and the Central Bank in regulations and related guidance issued by the Central Bank. One of our subsidiaries, WisdomTree Management Limited, is an Ireland based management company authorized in Ireland providing collective portfolio management services to WisdomTree Issuer ICAV, or WTICAV, and WisdomTree UCITS ETFs. The WisdomTree UCITS ETFs are issued by WTICAV. WTICAV, a non-consolidated third party, is an Irish-collective-asset-management vehicle, or ICAV, organized in Ireland and is authorized as a UCITS by the Central Bank. All UCITS have their basis in EU legislation and once authorized in one EEA Member State, may be marketed throughout the EU, without further authorization. This is described as an EU passport. The WisdomTree UCITS ETFs have been registered with the FCA under the Temporary Permissions Regime and thus continue to be available to U.K. investors. WTICAV is established and operated as an ICAV with segregated liability between its sub-funds. The sub-funds are segregated portfolios, each with their own investment objective and policies and assets. Each sub-fund has a separate approval from the Central Bank, and each is structured as an ETF. Each sub-fund tracks a different index. The index must comply with regulatory criteria that govern, among others, the eligibility and diversification of its constituents, and the availability of information on the index such as the frequency of calculation of the index, the index s transparency, its methodology and frequency of calculation. Each sub-fund is listed on a European stock exchange and has shares admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange and, accordingly, is subject to the listing requirements of those exchanges. WTICAV is primarily subject to the following legislation and regulatory requirements: 

European Communities (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2011 (as amended) UCITS Regulations ). The UCITS Regulations, which transpose Council Directive 2009/65/EC, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Commission Directive 2010/43/EC and Commission Directive 2010/44/EC into Irish law, became effective on July 1, 2011. UCITS established in Ireland are authorized under the UCITS Regulations. 

Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48(1)) (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2019 Central Bank UCITS Regulations ). The Central Bank UCITS Regulations were adopted in May 2019 and, together with the UCITS Regulations, any guidance produced by the Central Bank, and the Central Bank forms, form the basis for all the requirements that the Central Bank imposes on UCITS, UCITS management companies and depositaries of UCITS. 

Central Bank Guidance. The Central Bank also has produced guidance that provides direction on issues relating to the funds industry, certain of which set forth conditions not contained in the UCITS Regulations or the Central Bank Regulations with which UCITS must conform. 

The Irish Collective Asset-Management Vehicle Act 2015 ICAV Act ). WTICAV is registered as an ICAV under the ICAV Act. Therefore, WTICAV is required to comply with various obligations under the ICAV Act such as, but not limited to, keeping proper books and records. The segregation of liability between sub-funds means there cannot be, as a matter of Irish law, cross-contamination of liability between sub-funds. Therefore, the insolvency of one sub-fund cannot affect another sub-fund. 

EMIR. EMIR provides for OTC derivative contracts to be submitted to central clearing and imposes, inter alia, margin posting and other risk mitigation techniques, reporting and record keeping requirements. WTICAV uses OTC derivatives instruments to hedge the currency risk of some of its sub-funds, which are subject to EMIR. WTICAV has adhered to the 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. The Central Bank has been designated as the competent authority for EMIR. 

BMR. The BMR is directly applicable law across the EU and applies to certain administrators, contributors and users of benchmarks with the aim of reducing the risk of benchmark manipulation and promoting confidence in their integrity and that of the financial markets which they support. Since WTICAV issues financial instruments that reference a benchmark, it will be required to comply with applicable obligations as set out under the BMR. In addition, non-EU administrators of benchmarks are required to satisfy a number of requirements to enable the benchmarks they provide to be used in the EU. To ensure investor protection, the BMR provides equivalence, recognition and endorsement conditions under which third country benchmarks may be used by supervised entities in the EU. Since we control the provision of benchmarks, we are required to comply with applicable obligations within the timeframes set out under the BMR. 

Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products PRIIPS ). As above, WisdomTree s ETCs have been subject to PRIIPS since January 1, 2018. On January 1, 2023, PRIIPS also began to apply to UCITS. WTICAV has been producing and publishing these KIDs for share classes of the sub-funds of the ICAV since January 1, 2023. 

Regulation on Disclosures (EU/2019/2088) SFDR and the EU Taxonomy Regulation (2020/852) EU Taxonomy ). SFDR requires WisdomTree Management Limited, as a UCITS management company, to disclose in a consistent and harmonized manner how environmental, social and governance, or ESG, factors are adopted in its decision-making process. SFDR also requires certain pre-contractual and periodic disclosure requirements for in scope WTICAV sub-funds, such as UCITS financial products. Level 1 of SFDR requirements applied from March 1, 2021 and Level 2 of the SFDR requirements applied from December 1, 2022. The EU Taxonomy Regulation amends the disclosure requirements in place under SFDR. The EU Taxonomy disclosures for the economically sustainable objectives of climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation were applicable from January 1, 2022, while the requirement for disclosures for the remaining objectives applied from January 1, 2023. The WTICAV Prospectus, as well as supplements and product pages of the WTICAV sub-funds in scope of SFDR and EU Taxonomy, have been updated to reflect the respective regulatory requirements. 

Regulation (EU) 2019/1156 on the cross-border distribution framework CBDF ). The CBDF amend the UCITS Directive to increase the harmonization of cross-border marketing between both (a) the UCITS regime and (b) different practices adopted by EU member states and came into effect on August 2, 2021. The CBDF eliminated the need for WTICAV to have local paying agents within EU member states the sub-funds passported into, but introduced rules around marketing communications, pre-marketing notifications and the discontinuation of marketing. 

Regulatory technical standards on settlement discipline CSDR ). CSDR introduced measures to prevent settlement failures, with settlement failures resulting in penalty charges applied by the Central Securities Depositaries to failing parties. Since most WTICAV sub-funds employ physical replication using equities and bonds, trades in these equities that take place within the EU come into scope of CSDR. This regulation came into force on February 1, 2022. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Irish-Domiciled Issuer (Managed by WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited) One of our subsidiaries, WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited, is a Jersey based management company providing investment and other management services to WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC, or WMAI, in respect of the ETPs issued by WMAI. WMAI, a non-consolidated third party, is a public limited company incorporated in the laws of Ireland. It was established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing collateralized exchange-traded securities, or ETP Securities, under the Collateralized ETP Securities Programme described in its Base Prospectus. WMAI is a qualifying company within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended), of Ireland. WMAI is not authorized or regulated by the Central Bank by virtue of issuing ETPs. The Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to ETP Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any EEA Member State. The Base Prospectus also has been approved by the FCA as competent authority pursuant to the U.K. version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017 on the form and content of such prospectuses and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC which is part of U.K. law by virtue of the U.K. Prospectus Regulation. At the request of WMAI, the Central Bank has notified the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the Commissione Nazionale per le Societ e la Borsa (the Italian financial supervisory authority), the Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), the Financial Market Authority of Austria, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the financial regulator in Luxembourg), the Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian financial supervisory authority), the Autorit des Services et March s Financiers (the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority), the Finanstilsynet (the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority), the Finanssivalvonta (the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the Autorit des March s Financiers (the French Authority for the Financial Markets), the Autoriteit Financi le Markten (the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets), the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego (the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority), the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the Securities Market Commission in Spain) and Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority) by providing them, inter alia , with certificates of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. WMAI may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or any ETP Securities on a regulated market therein or both. WMAI is primarily subject to the following legislation and regulatory requirements: 

The Companies Act. WMAI is incorporated as a public limited liability company under the Companies Act. Therefore, WMAI is required to comply with various obligations under the Companies Act such as, but not limited to, convening general meetings, keeping proper books and records and filing financial statements. 

The Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus has been drafted, and any offer of ETP Securities in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation is made in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any relevant implementing measure in such Member States. 

EMIR. WMAI hedges its payment obligations in respect of the ETP Securities by entering into swap transactions with swap providers, which are subject to EMIR. The Central Bank has been designated as the competent authority for EMIR and, to assess compliance with EMIR, requests that WMAI submits annually an EMIR Regulatory Return. 

BMR. Since WMAI issues financial instruments that reference a benchmark, it also will be required to comply with applicable obligations under the BMR. 

MAD. MAD has a direct effect in Ireland and strengthens the legal framework underpinning the function of detecting, sanctioning and deterring market abuse. Broadly, MAD applies to any financial instrument admitted to, or for which a request for admission has been made to, trading on a regulated market in at least one member state of the EU or in an EEA Member State. Obligations imposed on WMAI under MAD include the requirement to publish inside information in a public and timely manner, to draw up and maintain a list of insiders and to refrain from market manipulation. 

CSDR. As above, CSDR introduced measures to prevent settlement failures, with settlement failures resulting in penalty charges applied by the Central Securities Depositaries to failing parties. Intellectual Property We regard our name, WisdomTree, as material to our business and have registered the WisdomTree name and logo design as a service mark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in various foreign jurisdictions. We also have registered Modern Alpha as a service mark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in various foreign jurisdictions and have applied for trademark registration of the WisdomTree Prime name and logo design. Many of our index-based equity ETFs are based on our own indexes and we do not license them from, nor do we pay licensing fees to, third parties for these indexes. We do, however, license third-party indexes for certain of our fixed income, currency and alternative ETFs. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

On March 6, 2012, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued to us our patent on Financial Instrument Selection and Weighting System and Method, which is embodied in our dividend weighted equity indexes. We currently do not rely upon our patent for a competitive advantage. Available Information Company Website and Public Filings Our website is located at www.wisdomtree.com , and our investor relations website is located at https://ir.wisdomtree.com . We make available, free of charge through our investor relations website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Company at www.sec.gov . We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases as part of our investor relations website. Further corporate governance information, including board committee charters and our code of business conduct and ethics, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Any investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the specific risk factors described below in addition to the other information contained in this Report before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be harmed. This could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline and a loss of all or part of your investment. Certain statements below are forward-looking statements. See the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Market Risks Declining prices of securities, gold and other precious metals and other commodities and changes in interest rates and general market conditions can adversely affect our business by reducing the market value of the assets we manage or causing WisdomTree ETP investors to sell their fund shares and trigger redemptions. We are subject to risks arising from declining prices of securities, gold and other precious metals and other commodities, which may result in a decrease in demand for investment products, a higher redemption rate and/or a decline in AUM. The financial markets are highly volatile and prices for financial assets may increase or decrease for many reasons, including general economic conditions, trade uncertainties, rising or falling interest rates, the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar, events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine, political events, acts of terrorism and other matters beyond our control. Substantially all our revenues are derived from advisory fees earned on our AUM, in both the international and U.S. markets. As a result, our business can be expected to generate lower revenues in declining market environments or general economic downturns. Such adverse conditions would likely cause the value of our AUM to decrease, which would result in lower advisory fees, or cause investors in the WisdomTree ETPs to sell their shares in favor of investments they perceive to offer greater opportunity or lower risk, thus triggering redemptions that would also result in decreased AUM and lower fees. Fluctuations in the amount and mix of our AUM may negatively impact revenues and operating margins. The level of our revenues depends on the amount and mix of our AUM. Our revenues are derived primarily from advisory fees based on a percentage of the value of our AUM and vary with the nature of the ETPs, which have different fee levels. Fluctuations in the amount and mix of our AUM may be attributable in part to market conditions outside of our control that have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our revenues and operating margins. Abnormally wide bid/ask spreads and market disruptions that halt or disrupt trading or create extreme volatility could undermine investor confidence in the ETP investment structure and limit investor acceptance of ETPs. ETPs trade on exchanges in market transactions that generally approximate the value of the referenced assets or underlying portfolio of securities held by the particular ETP. Trading involves risks including the potential lack of an active market for fund shares, abnormally wide bid/ask spreads (the difference between the prices at which shares of an ETP can be bought and sold) that can exist for a variety of reasons and losses from trading. These risks can be exacerbated during periods when there is low demand for an ETP, when the markets in the underlying investments are closed, when markets conditions are extremely volatile or when 
 24 

Table of Contents 

trading is disrupted. This could result in limited growth or a reduction in the overall ETP market and result in our revenues not growing as rapidly as it has in the recent past or even in a reduction of revenues. Concentration Risks We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a limited number of products and, as a result, our operating results are particularly exposed to investor sentiment toward investing in the products strategies and our ability to maintain the AUM of these products, as well as the performance of these products. At December 31, 2022, 55 of our AUM was concentrated in ten of our WisdomTree ETPs with approximately 20 in four of our domestic equity ETFs, 16 in the WisdomTree Floating Rate Treasury Fund, or USFR, 13 in three of our precious metal products and 6 in two of our emerging markets ETFs. As a result, our operating results are particularly exposed to the performance of these funds and our ability to maintain the AUM of these funds, as well as investor sentiment toward investing in the funds strategies. If the AUM in these funds were to decline, either because of declining market values or net outflows from these funds, our revenues would be adversely affected. Declining commodity prices, and gold prices in particular, including as a result of changes in demand for commodities and gold as an investment, could materially and adversely affect our business. At December 31, 2022, approximately 16 of our AUM were in ETPs backed by gold and approximately 11 were in ETPs backed by other commodities. Precious metals such as gold are often viewed as safe haven assets as they tend to attract demand during periods of economic and geopolitical uncertainty. Accommodative monetary policies are also favorable as the opportunity cost of forgoing investment in interest-bearing assets is low. Market conditions that are not conducive to investment in precious metals, such as a rising interest rate environment, may lead to declining prices that are linked to our ETPs and thereby adversely affect our AUM and revenues. We cannot provide any assurance that our products backed by precious metals will benefit from favorable market conditions. In addition, changes in long-term demand cycles for commodities generally and cyclicality in demand for commodities as an investment asset, could reduce demand for certain of our products, limit our ability to successfully launch new products and also may lead to redemptions by existing investors. Also, a portion of the advisory fee revenues we receive on our ETPs backed by gold are paid in gold ounces. In addition, we pay gold ounces to satisfy our deferred consideration obligation (See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). While we may readily sell the gold that we earn under these advisory contracts, we still may maintain a position. We currently do not enter into arrangements to hedge against fluctuations in the price of gold and any hedging we may undertake in the future may not be cost-effective or sufficient to hedge against this gold exposure. A significant portion of our AUM is held in products with exposure to U.S. and international developed markets, and we therefore have exposure to domestic and foreign market conditions and are subject to currency exchange rate risks. At December 31, 2022, approximately 29 and 12 of our AUM was held in products with exposure to the U.S. and international developed markets, respectively. Therefore, the success of our business is closely tied to various conditions in these markets which may be affected by domestic and foreign political, social and economic uncertainties, monetary policies conducted in these regions and other factors. In addition, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could reduce the revenues we earn from certain foreign invested products. This occurs because an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to non-U.S. currencies may result in a decrease in the dollar value of the AUM in these products, which, in turn, would result in lower revenues. Furthermore, investors may perceive certain foreign invested products, as well as certain of our currency and fixed income products to be a less attractive investment opportunity when the value of the U.S. dollar rises relative to non-U.S. currencies, which could have the effect of reducing investments in these products, thus reducing revenues. Our products exposed to the U.S. market may benefit from a rising U.S. dollar, but we can provide no assurance that this will be the case. Also, a weakening U.S. dollar relative to the euro or yen may make less attractive our international hedged equity products, as unhedged alternatives would benefit from the appreciation of the foreign currency or currencies while our products would not, which could result in redemptions in our funds. Withdrawals or broad changes in investments in our ETPs by investors with significant positions may negatively impact revenues and operating margins. We have had in the past, and may have in the future, investors who maintain significant positions in one or more of our ETPs. If such an investor were to broadly change or withdraw its investments in our ETPs because of a change to its investment strategy, market conditions or any other reason, it may significantly change the amount and mix of our AUM, which may negatively affect our revenues and operating margins. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Third-Party Provider Risks We currently primarily depend on Mellon Investments Corporation, Newton Investment Management North America, LLC and Voya Investment Management Co., LLC to provide portfolio management services, State Street Bank and Trust Company to provide us with critical administrative services to operate our business and our U.S. listed ETFs, and other third parties to provide many other critical services to operate our business and our U.S. listed ETFs. The failure of key vendors to adequately provide such services could materially affect our operating business and harm investors in our products. We depend on third-party vendors to provide us with many services that are critical to operating our business, including Mellon Investments Corporation, Newton Investment Management North America, LLC and Voya Investment Management Co., LLC as sub-advisers providing portfolio management services, and State Street Bank and Trust Company, or State Street, to provide custody services, fund accounting, administration, transfer agency and securities lending services. We also rely on third-party providers to perform index calculation services for our indexes and a third-party distributor for our products. The failure of any of these key vendors to provide us and our products with these services could lead to operational issues and result in financial loss to us and investors in our products. We currently depend on HSBC and JP Morgan to provide us with critical physical custody services for precious metals that back our ETCs. The failure of HSBC and JP Morgan to adequately safeguard the physical assets could materially adversely affect our business and harm investors in our products. Certain products are backed by physical metal and are subject to risks associated with the custody of physical assets, including the risk that access to the metal held in the secure facilities managed by HSBC and JP Morgan could be restricted by a pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), natural events (such as an earthquake) or human actions (such as a terrorist attack). In addition, there is a risk that the physical metal could be lost, stolen, damaged or restricted. The failure of HSBC and JP Morgan to successfully provide us with these services could result in financial loss to us and investors in our products and our recovery of any losses from a custodian, sub-custodian or insurer may be inadequate. We currently depend on Swissquote Bank Ltd and Coinbase Custody Trust LLC to provide us with critical custody services for digital currencies that back WisdomTree digital assets. The failure of Swissquote and/or Coinbase to adequately safeguard these digital assets could materially adversely affect our business and harm investors in this product. Products that are backed by digital currencies are subject to the risks associated with the custody of digital assets, including the risk that the digital currencies or the blockchain infrastructure could be impacted by hacks or other malicious actions. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is reliant on the security procedures and infrastructure of the custodian to safeguard the underlying digital currency cryptographic keys. There is no guarantee that the arrangements of the custodian will fully protect from loss of assets. Damage to the infrastructure or loss of these assets may render the digital currency inaccessible and adversely impact the value of an investment in digital assets. The digital currencies may also be exposed to the Internet briefly before reaching the secure accounts of the custodian. There are additional risks involved with an investment backed by digital currencies such as changes to the protocol (such as forks) which could damage the reputation of digital assets or result in losses for investors. The risks associated with digital currencies and the failure of the custodian to safeguard the underlying assets could result in financial loss to us and investors in our products and our recovery of any losses from a custodian may be inadequate. The custodians perform additional services to crypto ETPs that may derive additional revenue by delegating a part of our assets to validate transactions on the relevant blockchain staking ). There are certain operational and technological risks associated with staking such as penalties due to bad validator behavior. Operational and technical errors in the context of staking could damage the reputation of digital assets or result in losses for investors. We currently depend on R H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in respect of the products issued by our Jersey-domiciled issuers, or ManJer Issuers, of ETCs (except WisdomTree Issuer X Limited), JTC Trust Company Jersey in respect of products issued by WisdomTree Issuer X Limited, APEX IFS Limited in respect of the products issued by WMAI and State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited in respect of the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs to provide us with critical administrative services to those products. The failure of any of those providers to adequately provide such services could materially affect our operating business and harm investors in those products. We currently depend upon R H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in respect of the products issued by the ManJer Issuers (except WisdomTree Issuer X Limited), JTC Trust Company Jersey in respect of products issued by WisdomTree Issuer X Limited, APEX IFS Limited in respect of the products issued by WMAI and State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited in respect of the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs, to provide fund accounting, administration and, transfer agency services, as well as custody services in the case of the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs. The failure of any service provider to successfully provide these services could result in financial loss to the products, us and investors in those products. In addition, because each of the service providers provides a multitude of important services, changing these vendor relationships would be challenging. It might require us to devote a significant portion of management s time to negotiate a similar relationship with other vendors or have these services provided by multiple vendors, which would require us to coordinate the transfer of these functions to another vendor or vendors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

The WisdomTree UCITS ETFs primarily depend on either of Assenagon Asset Management S.A. or Irish Life Investment Managers Limited to provide portfolio management services and other third parties to provide many critical services to operate the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs. The failure of key vendors to adequately provide such services could materially affect our operating business and harm investors in the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs. The WisdomTree UCITS ETFs depend on third-party vendors to provide many services that are critical to operating our business, including Assenagon Asset Management S.A. and Irish Life Investment Managers Limited as investment managers that provide us with portfolio management services and third-party providers of index calculation services. The failure of any of these key vendors to provide the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs with these services could lead to operational issues and result in financial loss to us and investors in the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs. The products issued by our European business are subject to counterparty risks. Any actual or perceived weakness of those counterparties could negatively impact the European business AUM and therefore the Company s AUM, the relevant product and secondary pricing of the products on exchange, which could materially adversely affect our business. The products issued by our European business depend on the services of counterparties, custodians and other agents and are thus subject to a variety of counterparty risks, including the following: 

Products issued by the ManJer Issuers (except WisdomTree Issuer X Limited) are backed by physical metal and are subject to risks associated with the custody of metal, including the risk that access to the physically backed metal held in the vaults or secure warehouses of a custodian or sub-custodian could be restricted by natural events, such as an earthquake, or human actions, such as a terrorist attack, the risk that such physically backed metal in its custody could be lost, stolen or damaged, and the risk that our recovery of any losses from a custodian, sub-custodian or insurer may be inadequate. 

Products issued by WisdomTree Issuer X Limited are backed by digital currencies and are subject to risks associated with the custody of digital assets, including the risk that the digital currency itself or the relevant blockchain infrastructure could be threatened by hacks, other malicious actions, breakdown or disturbance of the infrastructure and loss of the digital keys. 

Products issued by WMAI, certain WisdomTree UCITS ETFs and certain products issued by the ManJer Issuers are backed by swap, derivative or similar arrangements are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of their counterparties, including the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the relevant arrangement (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit, liquidity, regulatory, tax or operational problem. Any deterioration of the credit or downgrade in the credit rating of a counterparty, or the custodian holding the collateral, could cause the associated products to trade at a discount to the value of the underlying assets. The terms of contracts with counterparties are generally complex, often customized and often not subject to regulatory oversight. A voluntary or involuntary default by a counterparty may occur at any time without notice. In the event of any default by, or the insolvency of, any counterparty, the relevant products may be exposed to the under-segregation of assets, fraud or other factors that may result in the recovery of less than all of the property of our issuers that was held in custody or safekeeping in the case of physically backed products or the recovery of property that is insufficient in value to cover all amounts payable to holders of the applicable products upon their redemption. The impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition may not be accurately foreseen or evaluated and, as a result, we may not take sufficient action to reduce counterparty risks effectively. Any losses due to a counterparty s failure to perform its contractual obligations will be borne by the relevant product issuer and there could be a substantial delay in recovering assets due from counterparties or it may not be possible to do so at all. Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, the solvency of counterparties may increase operational risks or transaction costs, which may negatively affect the investment performance of the relevant products and have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Our risk management policies and procedures, and those of our third-party vendors upon which we rely, may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure, including employee misconduct. If our policies and procedures do not adequately protect us from exposure to these risks, we may incur losses that would adversely affect our financial condition, reputation and market share. We have developed risk management policies and procedures and we continue to refine them as we conduct our business. Many of our procedures involve oversight of third-party vendors that provide us with critical services such as portfolio management, custody, fund accounting and administration, and index calculation. However, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure. Moreover, we are subject to the risks of errors and misconduct by our employees, including fraud and non-compliance with policies. These risks are difficult to detect in advance and deter, and could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. Although we maintain insurance and use other traditional risk-shifting tools, such as third-party indemnification, to manage certain exposures, they are subject to 
 27 

Table of Contents 

terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency. If our policies and procedures do not adequately protect us from exposure and our exposure is not adequately covered by insurance or other risk-shifting tools, we may incur losses that would adversely affect our financial condition and could cause a reduction in our revenues as investors in our products shift their investments to the products of our competitors. Competition and Distribution Risks The asset management business is intensely competitive, and we may experience pressures on our pricing and market share, which could reduce revenues and profit margins. Our business operates in a highly competitive industry. We compete directly with other ETP sponsors and mutual fund companies and indirectly against other investment management firms, insurance companies, banks, brokerage firms and other financial institutions that offer products that have similar features and investment objectives to those offered by us. This includes fundamentally weighted or factor-based indexes or currency hedged products with fees that are generally equivalent to, and in some instances lower than, our products. We compete based on a number of factors, including name recognition, service, investment performance, product features, breadth of product choices and fees. In addition, the adoption of Rule 6c-11, or the ETF Rule, removed the need to file for exemptive relief in order to issue ETFs, thereby creating fewer barriers to entry for competitors. We continue to expect that additional companies, both new and traditional asset managers, will enter and expand in the ETP space. Also, non-transparent active ETFs have been launched. These products are not required to disclose their holdings daily, as most ETFs currently are required to do. Such products may allow traditional actively managed mutual fund sponsors to compete more effectively against ETFs. Several ETP sponsors with whom we directly compete continue to migrate toward offering low and no fee products targeting gains in market share. Price competition exists in not only commoditized product categories such as traditional, market capitalization weighted index exposures and commodities, but also in non-market capitalization weighted or factor-based exposures and commodities. Fee reductions by certain of our competitors has been a trend over the last few years and continues to persist and many of our competitors are well positioned to benefit from this trend. Certain larger competitors are able to offer products at lower price points or otherwise as loss leaders due to other revenue sources available within such competitor that are unavailable to us. Newer players have also been entering the ETP industry and frequently seek to differentiate by offering ETPs at a lower price point. Funds are being offered with fees of 20 basis points or less, which have attracted approximately 78 of the net flows globally during the last three years. Fee reduction by certain of our competitors has been a trend over the last few years and continues to persist and many of our competitors are well positioned to benefit from this trend. Our competition may have greater market share, offer a broader range of products and platforms and have greater financial resources than we do. Some financial institutions operate in a more favorable regulatory environment and/or have proprietary products, sources of revenue and distribution channels, which may provide them and their investment products with certain competitive advantages, including in pricing ETPs as loss leaders. Further consolidation within the industry may also put us at a competitive disadvantage. We believe that due to the continuing evolution of the competitive landscape described above, we may experience pressures on our pricing and market share which could reduce our revenues and profit margins. We rely on third-party distribution channels to sell our products and increased competition, a failure to maintain business relationships and other factors could adversely impact our business. We rely on various third-party distribution channels, including registered investment advisers, wirehouse and institutional channels to sell our products. Increasing competition, a failure to maintain business relationships and other factors could impair our distribution capabilities and increase the cost of conducting business. In addition, several of the largest custodial platforms and online brokerage firms eliminated trading commissions for ETFs. Our arrangements with these platforms had offered us preferred or exclusive access for our products, enabling investors to purchase our products without paying commissions. Exclusivity is no longer available, and we can provide no assurance that access to new opportunities will arise. Any inability to access and successfully sell our products through our distribution channels could have a negative effect on our AUM levels and adversely impact our business. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Performance and Investment Risks Many of our ETPs have a limited track record and poor investment performance could cause our revenues to decline. Many of our ETPs have a limited track record upon which an evaluation of their investment performance can be made. Certain investors limit their investments to ETPs with track records of ten years or more. Furthermore, as part of our strategy, we continuously evaluate our product offerings to ensure that all our funds are useful, compelling and differentiated investment offerings, to align our overall product line more competitively in the current ETP landscape and to reallocate our resources to areas of greater client interest. As a result, we may further adjust our product offerings, which may result in the closing of some of our ETPs, changing their investment objective or offering of new funds. The investment performance of our products is important to our success. While strong investment performance could stimulate sales of our ETPs, poor investment performance, on an absolute basis or as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products, could lead to a decrease in sales or stimulate redemptions, thereby lowering the AUM and reducing our revenues. Our fundamentally-weighted equity products are designed to provide the potential for better risk-adjusted investment returns over full market cycles and are best suited for investors with a longer-term investment horizon. However, the investment approach of our equity products may not perform well during certain shorter periods of time during different points in the economic cycle. We could lose our entire investments in companies including Securrency and Fnality if they are unable to raise capital, execute their respective business plans and successfully grow their businesses, which would have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We currently have various financial interests in companies including Securrency and Fnality valued at 35.7 million in the aggregate. If these entities are unable to raise capital, execute their respective business plans and successfully grow their businesses, we may be required to reduce the value of our financial interests in these companies on our financial statements, which would adversely impact our financial results. Furthermore, we could lose our entire financial interests in these entities if they are unable to satisfy their obligations as they become due and cease their operations. Writing off the entire value of our financial interests would have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations and may cause a decline in the price of our common stock. See Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Operational Risks Our European business subjects us to increased operational, regulatory, financial and other risks. We face increased operational, regulatory, financial, compliance, reputational and foreign exchange rate risks as a result of conducting our business internationally. The failure of our compliance and internal control systems to properly mitigate such additional risks, or of our infrastructure to support our European business, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions. If our European products and operations experience any negative consequences or are perceived negatively in non-U.S. markets, it may also harm our reputation in other markets, including the U.S. market. We have and may continue to pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions. Any strategic transactions that we are a party to will result in increased demands on our management and other resources, may be significant in size relative to our assets and operations, result in significant changes in our business and materially and adversely affect our stock price. If we were unable to manage our strategic initiatives, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have and may continue to pursue acquisitions or strategic transactions. These initiatives have placed increased demands on our management and other resources and may continue to do so in the future. We may not be able to manage our operations effectively or achieve our desired objectives on a timely or profitable basis. To do so may require, among other things: 

continuing to retain, motivate and manage our existing employees and/or attract and integrate new employees; 

developing, implementing and improving our operational, financial, accounting, reporting and other internal systems and controls on a timely basis; and 

maintaining and developing our various support functions including human resources, information technology, legal and corporate communications. If we are unable to manage these initiatives effectively, there could be a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain or increase revenues and profitability. Managing strategic initiatives may require continued investment in personnel, information technology infrastructure and marketing activities, as well as further development and implementation of financial, operational and compliance systems and controls. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary. Unless such initiatives result in an increase in our revenues that is at least proportionate to the increase in the costs associated with implementing them, our future profitability will be adversely affected. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

In addition, any future strategic transactions may result in the issuance of a significant amount of our common stock or other securities that could be dilutive to our stockholders, require substantial borrowings, result in changes in our board composition and/or management team, constitute a change of control of our Company, lead to significant changes in our product offering, business operations and earning and risk profiles, and/or result in a decline in the price of our common stock. Our ability to complete future strategic transactions depends upon a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including our ability to identify suitable merger or acquisition candidates, negotiate acceptable terms, conclude satisfactory agreements and secure financing. Our failure to complete strategic transactions or to integrate and manage acquired or combined businesses successfully could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. We instruct trades and perform other operational processes in respect of crypto basket ETPs that we have launched in Europe. Operational failures could materially affect our business and harm investors in these products. We have launched products in Europe that are indexed to baskets of cryptocurrencies or that may allow for staking. We have outsourced the administrator, transfer agent and custodial functions for these products. While we typically outsource portfolio management services to third-party sub-advisers for our products, in this case, we instead act as determination agent and place buy and sell orders directly with a broker to rebalance these crypto basket ETPs in line with the indices. These rebalances occur either quarterly or annually depending on the product. Expanding trading volumes may increase the risk of trading errors. The failure of any of our vendors to provide us and our products with the outsourced services and our failure to correctly place trade orders could lead to operational issues and result in financial loss to us and/or investors in our products. For products through which we derive additional revenue by staking, we operationally delegate the relevant assets to validators in our role as determination agent. Operational errors in the process could materially affect our business and harm investors in these products. The uncertainty regarding the U.K. s exit from the EU could adversely affect our business. The U.K. left the EU on January 31, 2020, referred to as Brexit, subject to transitional arrangements which ended on December 31, 2020. On December 30, 2020, the U.K. and the EU entered into a Trade and Cooperation Agreement to regulate certain aspects of their relationship following the end of the transition period. The enactment of the European Union (Future Relationship) Act 2020 brought into effect in the U.K. certain provisions of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. The terms of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement contemplate further agreements and amendments to be negotiated and agreed. There are legal and regulatory aspects of EU membership, such as certain financial services arrangements, which are not maintained by the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and where equivalence decisions have not been made and/or may be withdrawn unilaterally. While the medium to long-term consequences of the decision to leave the EU and application of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement remain uncertain, the U.K. s withdrawal from the EU has led to political and economic instability and volatility in the financial markets of the U.K. and more broadly across Europe. It may lead to a weakening in consumer, corporate and financial confidence in such markets, which may in turn have a negative impact elsewhere in the EU and more widely. Among other things, the U.K. s departure from the EU and the Trade and Cooperation Agreement could lead to instability, including volatility, in the foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the pound sterling or the euro. Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of business activity, (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment and (iii) mark to market losses in trading portfolios resulting from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. These changes may impact how we conduct our business across Europe. This uncertainty also could impact the broader global economy, including by reducing investor confidence and driving volatility. Such uncertainty could lead to scenarios that adversely affect our business, including our revenues, from either a decrease in the value of our AUM or from outflows from our funds due to a perceived higher exposure of our Company to Brexit risk. Catastrophic and unpredictable events could have a material adverse effect on our business. A terrorist attack, war, power failure, cyber-attack, natural disaster, pandemic event or other catastrophic or unpredictable event could adversely affect our revenues, expenses and operating results by: interrupting our normal business operations; inflicting employee casualties, including loss of our key employees; requiring substantial expenditures and expenses to repair, replace and restore normal business operations; and reducing investor confidence. We have a disaster recovery plan to address certain contingencies, but this plan may not be sufficient in responding or ameliorating the effects of all disaster scenarios. Similarly, these types of events could also affect the ability of the third-party vendors that we rely upon to conduct our business, including parties that provide us with sub-advisory portfolio management services, custodial, fund accounting and administration services or index calculation services, to continue to provide these necessary services to us, even though they may also have disaster recovery plans to address these contingencies. In addition, a failure of the stock exchanges on which our products trade to function properly could cause a material disruption to our business. If we or our third-party vendors are unable to respond adequately or in a timely manner, these failures may result in a loss of revenues and/or increased expenses, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Technology Risks Any significant limitation or failure of our technology systems, or of our third-party vendors technology systems, or any security breach of our information and cyber security infrastructure, software applications, technology or other systems that are critical to our operations could interrupt or damage our operations and result in material financial loss, regulatory violations, reputational harm or legal liability. We are dependent upon the effectiveness of our own, and our vendors , information security policies, procedures and capabilities to protect the technology systems used to operate our business and to protect the data that reside on or are transmitted through them. Although we and our third-party vendors take protective measures to secure information, our and our vendors technology systems have experienced cybersecurity threats and may still be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other events that could result in inaccuracies in our information or system disruptions or failures, which could materially interrupt or damage our operations. These risks may increase in the future as the Company develops and launches its mobile application. In addition, technology is subject to rapid change and we cannot guarantee that our competitors may not implement more advanced technology platforms for their products, which could affect our business. Any inaccuracies, delays, system failures or breaches, or advancements in technology, and the cost necessary to address them, could subject us to client dissatisfaction and losses or result in material financial loss, regulatory violations, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, could cause a decline in our earnings or stock price. Human Capital Risks Our ability to operate effectively could be impaired if we fail to retain or recruit key personnel. The success of our business is highly dependent on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled, and sometimes highly specialized, employees, including in particular, operations, product development, research and sales and marketing personnel. Our U.S. employees generally may voluntarily terminate their employment at any time. The market for these individuals is extremely competitive and is likely to become more so as additional investment management firms enter the ETF industry and as the digital assets market continues to develop. Our compensation methods may not enable us to recruit and retain required personnel. For example, price volatility in our common stock may impact our ability to effectively use equity grants as an employee compensation incentive. Also, we may need to increase compensation levels, which would decrease our net income or increase our losses. If we are unable to retain and attract key personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and financial condition. Expense and Cash Management Risks Our expenses are subject to fluctuations that could materially affect our operating results. Our results of operations are impacted by the magnitude of our expenses and may fluctuate as a result of inflation, as well as discretionary spending, including additional headcount, accruals for incentive compensation, marketing, advertising, sales and other expenses we incur in connection with our operations. We are also establishing our digital assets business and expenses ultimately incurred in the near and long-term may be higher than anticipated. Accordingly, fluctuations in our expenses could materially affect our operating results and may vary from quarter to quarter. Legal and Regulatory Risks Compliance with extensive, complex and changing regulation imposes significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and non-compliance could result in fines and penalties. We are subject to extensive regulation of our business and operations. One of our U.S. subsidiaries, WT Asset Management, is a registered investment adviser and is subject to oversight by the SEC pursuant to its regulatory authority under the Investment Advisers Act. We also must comply with certain requirements under the Investment Company Act, with respect to the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs for which WT Asset Management acts as investment adviser. WT Asset Management is also a member of the NFA and registered as a commodity pool operator for certain of our ETFs. As a commodity pool operator, we are subject to oversight by the NFA and the CFTC pursuant to regulatory authority under the Commodity Exchange Act. In addition, the content and use of our marketing and sales materials and of our sales force in the U.S. regarding our U.S. listed ETFs is subject to the regulatory authority of FINRA. The SEC has also recently adopted rule amendments, which are designed to modernize sales and marketing materials and, as a result, impact marketing materials. We are also subject to foreign laws and regulatory authorities with respect to operational aspects of our products that invest in securities of issuers in foreign countries, in the marketing, offer and/or sales of our products in foreign jurisdictions and in our offering of investment products domiciled outside of the U.S., such as our ETPs issued by the ManJer Issuers, UCITS ETFs and ETPs issued by WMAI. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of our business, including the authority to grant, and, in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular businesses. Our or our ETPs failure to comply with applicable 
 31 

Table of Contents 

laws or regulations could result in fines, censure, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our registration as an investment adviser. Even if a sanction imposed against us, our personnel or our ETPs is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions against us or our ETPs by regulators could harm our reputation and thus result in redemptions from our products and impede our ability to retain and attract investors in WisdomTree ETPs, all of which may reduce our revenues. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extended investigation activity, adoption of costly or restrictive new regulations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties. Among other things, we could be fined or be prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in WisdomTree ETPs and our advisory clients and are not designed to protect our stockholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities, including through WisdomTree ETP investor protection and market conduct requirements. The regulatory environment in which we operate also is subject to modifications and further regulation. Concerns have been raised at various times about ETFs possible contribution to market volatility as well as the disclosure requirements applicable to certain types of more complex ETFs. In addition, the SEC approved a broad set of rules regarding data reporting and fund liquidity, fund valuation and funds use of derivatives, which are imposing additional expense and require additional administrative services and requirements, among other matters, in seeking to comply with the new rules. New laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, applicable to us or investors in our products also may adversely affect our business, and our ability to function in this environment will depend on our ability to constantly monitor and react to these changes. Compliance with new laws and regulations may result in increased compliance costs and expenses. Specific regulatory changes also may have a direct impact on our revenues. In addition to regulatory scrutiny and potential fines and sanctions, regulators continue to examine different aspects of the asset management industry. New regulation, revised regulatory or judicial interpretations, revised viewpoints, outcomes of lawsuits against other fund complexes or growth in our ETP assets and/or profitability related to the annual approval process for investment advisory agreements may result in the reduction of fees under these agreements, which would mean a reduction in our revenues or otherwise may lead to an increase in costs or expenses. Our operations outside the U.S. are subject to the laws and regulations of various non-U.S. jurisdictions and non-U.S. regulatory agencies and bodies. As we have expanded our international presence, a number of our subsidiaries and international operations have become subject to regulatory systems in various jurisdictions, comparable to those covering our operations in the U.S. Regulators in these non-U.S. jurisdictions may have broad authority with respect to the regulation of financial services including, among other things, the authority to grant or cancel required licenses or registrations. From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings that could require significant management time and attention, possibly resulting in significant expense or in an unfavorable outcome, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. From time to time, we may be subject to litigation. In any litigation in which we are involved, we may be forced to incur costs and expenses to defend ourselves or to pay a settlement or judgment or comply with any injunctions in connection therewith if there is an unfavorable outcome. The expense of defending litigation may be significant. The amount of time to resolve lawsuits is unpredictable and defending ourselves may divert management s attention from the day-to-day operations of our business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, an unfavorable outcome in any such litigation, including claims brought by investors in our WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged ETP totaling approximately 15.8 million 16.9 million), could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We may from time to time be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. Third parties may assert against us alleged patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights to intellectual property that is important to our business. Any claims that our products or processes infringe the intellectual property rights of others, regardless of the merit or resolution of such claims, could cause us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and resolving such claims, and may divert the efforts and attention of our management from our business. As a result of such intellectual property infringement claims, we could be required or otherwise decide that it is appropriate to: 

pay third-party infringement claims; 

discontinue selling the particular funds subject to infringement claims; 

discontinue using the processes subject to infringement claims; 

develop other intellectual property or products not subject to infringement claims, which could be time-consuming and costly or may not be possible; or 
 32 

Table of Contents 

license the intellectual property from the third party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could result in unexpected expenses, reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business and financial results. We have been issued a patent, but may not be able to enforce or protect our patent and other intellectual property rights, which may harm our ability to compete and harm our business. Although we have a patent relating to our index methodology and the operation of our ETFs, our ability to enforce our patent and other intellectual property rights is subject to general litigation risks. If we cannot successfully enforce our patent, we may lose the benefit of a future competitive advantage that it would otherwise provide to us. If we seek to enforce our rights, we could be subject to claims that the intellectual property right is invalid or is otherwise not enforceable. Furthermore, our assertion of intellectual property rights could result in the other party seeking to assert alleged intellectual property rights of its own or assert other claims against us, which could harm our business. If we are not ultimately successful in defending ourselves against these claims in litigation, we may be subject to the risks described in the immediately preceding risk factor entitled We may from time to time be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. Digital Assets Risks As we endeavor to expand our digital asset product offerings and services beyond our existing ETP business, we believe the risks associated with our digital assets business include, but are not limited to, the following risks: Competition risks Competition in the digital assets industry on a global basis is increasing, ranging from large, established financial incumbents to smaller, early-stage financial technology providers and companies. There are jurisdictions with more stringent and robust regulatory and compliance requirements than others which could impact the ability of a company to compete in the digital assets industry. Our ability to successfully compete will depend largely on offering innovative products through digital asset exposures (and more broadly in blockchain-enabled finance, including savings and payments), having strong internal controls and risk management infrastructure to enable customer trust, embracing regulation, developing strategic partnerships with participants in the digital assets ecosystem and broader financial services ecosystem, promoting thought leadership and consumer education or awareness, building upon our brand and attracting and retaining talented employees. Failure to do so could negatively impact the success of our digital assets business. Outsourced service provider risks We rely on third-party service providers in connection with different facets of our digital assets business, including but not limited to custodial arrangements, blockchain and wallet infrastructure, banking relationships, cloud computing, payment processors, data infrastructure, compliance support and product development, including mobile application development, all of which are critical to the success of our digital assets business. The loss of a critical third-party service provider could adversely impact our digital assets business, operating results, and financial condition. If any third-party service providers fail to adequately or appropriately render services to satisfy their obligations to us, or our customers or consumers on our behalf, such failure could negatively impact the success of our digital assets business. In addition, such third-party service providers may be subject to financial, legal, regulatory and labor issues, data security and cybersecurity incidents, denial-of-service attacks, sabotage, privacy breaches or violations, fraud and other misconduct which could directly or indirectly have an impact on our digital asset products and services. Cybersecurity risks The use of various technologies is vital to our digital assets business and will become more prevalent which will make us more susceptible to operational and data security risks resulting from a breach in cybersecurity, including cyberattacks. A breach in cybersecurity, intentional or unintentional, may have an adverse impact on our digital assets business in many ways, including but not limited to, the loss of proprietary information, theft or corruption of data, denial-of-service attacks on websites or network resources, and the unauthorized release or misuse of confidential information. Regulatory risks The digital assets industry is rapidly evolving at an unprecedented rate. There is a high degree of regulatory uncertainty associated with the digital assets industry, which means that the products and services our digital assets business provides or may provide in the future could subject us to enhanced regulatory scrutiny or otherwise materially impact the quality or nature of such products or services. The effect of any future legal or regulatory change or interpretation both domestically and internationally is unknown and such change could be substantial and adverse to our digital assets business. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we are actively engaged or plan to be engaged with a variety of U.S. federal and state regulators (e.g., the SEC, FINRA, NYDFS and other state regulators) to secure, as necessary, the appropriate regulatory, registration and/or licensing approvals for various business initiatives and operations, including but not limited to: a New York state-chartered limited purpose trust company; money services and money transmitter business; broker-dealer; investment adviser; and investment funds. As we seek to expand globally, similar approvals and/or reliance on exemptions will be required in applicable foreign markets, which may also involve approvals specific to a digital asset or related business. If we are successful in securing the appropriate regulatory, registration and/or licensing approvals, or otherwise relying on, seeking or confirming exemptions therefrom, for these different initiatives in connection with our digital assets business, we will be subject to a myriad of complex and evolving global policy frameworks and associated regulatory requirements that we would need to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, in seeking to ensure our digital asset products and services are successfully brought to different markets in a compliant manner. Failure to secure and/or comply with any such approvals and exemptions could have an adverse effect on our digital assets business. Blockchain infrastructure risks The consensus or governance mechanisms of blockchain networks are subject to change and malfunctions and may not receive sufficient support from users and miners, which could negatively impact the blockchain network s ability to grow and respond to challenges. In addition, blockchain networks face significant challenges in connection with the volume, speed and security of transactions and their efforts to increase or enhance such characteristics of the blockchain network may not be successful. If the digital asset awards for verifying and confirming transactions on a blockchain network are not sufficiently high to incentivize miners, miners may cease to verify and confirm such transactions or otherwise demand higher fees, which could negatively affect the value of a digital asset. Blockchain technology risks Blockchain technology is a relatively new and untested technology which operates as a distributed ledger. Blockchain systems could be vulnerable to fraud, particularly if a significant minority of participants colluded to defraud the rest. Access to a given blockchain requires an individualized key, which if compromised, could result in loss due to theft, destruction or inaccessibility. There is little regulation of blockchain technology other than the intrinsic public nature of the blockchain system. Any future regulatory developments could affect the viability and expansion of our use of blockchain technology. There are currently a number of competing blockchain platforms with competing intellectual property claims. The uncertainty inherent in these competing technologies could cause companies to use alternatives to blockchain. In addition, blockchain networks may undergo technological developments, such as the Ethereum blockchain s change in September 2022 from proof-of-work mining to a blockchain based on proof-of-stake validation. Segments of the mining community were against this change, which was complex and involved a merger of the then existing Ethereum blockchain with the new Ethereum blockchain, which could potentially lead to greater centralization. Further, certain miners and other users resisted adoption of the new Ethereum blockchain and it is possible that the two Ethereum blockchains (among potentially others) will endure and compete going forward, which may also slow or impede transactions. The risks associated with blockchain technology may not emerge until the technology is widely used, which could adversely impact our digital assets business. Fork risks Blockchain software is generally open-source. Any user can download the software, modify it and then propose that the blockchain network adopt the modification. When a modification is introduced and a substantial majority of users consent to the modification, the change is implemented and the blockchain network remains uninterrupted. However, if less than a substantial majority of users consent to the proposed modification, and the blockchain consensus mechanism, such as that used by Ethereum, allows for the modification to nonetheless be implemented by some users and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its modification, the consequence would be what is known as a fork (i.e., split of the blockchain network (and the blockchain), with one version running the pre-modified software and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two (or more) versions of the blockchain network running in parallel, but with each version s native asset lacking interchangeability. Additionally, a fork could be introduced by an unintentional, unanticipated software flaw in the multiple versions of otherwise compatible software users run. If a fork occurs, the original blockchain and the forked blockchain could potentially compete with each other for users and other participants, leading to a loss of these for the original blockchain. A fork could adversely affect our digital assets business. Anti-Money Laundering AML risks The decentralized infrastructure and anonymous or pseudonymous nature of digital assets could facilitate and create the opportunity for money laundering and terrorist financing activities, thereby circumventing certain anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing laws and regulations designed to prevent financial crimes both domestically and internationally which could negatively impact our digital assets business. In addition, certain aspects of our digital assets business will have significantly greater anti-money laundering risk, including risk of fines or sanctions, than our historical ETF business due to the greater number of potential customers, which may also include customers in foreign markets considered to be higher risk and/or customer types considered to be higher risk, for which anti-money laundering and related obligations will apply. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Data privacy risks In connection with the products or services offered by our digital assets business, we may collect, store, process, or transmit personal data of a customer or consumer to a significantly greater extent than in our historical ETF business. Any change or failure to comply with data privacy laws or regulations related to the collection, processing, use and storage of personal data could materially affect our digital assets business and overall financial health. Other risks The risk of loss in purchasing, selling, trading, using or holding digital assets can be substantial. The price and liquidity of digital assets may be subject to high degrees of volatility resulting in large deviations or fluctuations from normalized levels. There is also heightened custodial risks due to the unique safekeeping attributes associated with public and private keys of digital assets. Other Company Risks Responding to actions of activist stockholders against us has been costly and the possibility that activist stockholders may wage proxy contests or seek representation on our Board of Directors in the future may be disruptive and cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business. During fiscal year 2022, we were the target of stockholder activism whereby certain investors (the Investor Group notified us of their intention to nominate three director candidates to stand for election to the Board of Directors at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. On May 25, 2022, we entered into a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with the Investor Group whereby we agreed to, among other things, increase the size of our Board of Directors by two directors to a total of nine directors and appoint Lynn S. Blake and Deborah Fuhr to the Board of Directors. As part of the Cooperation Agreement, the Investor Group agreed to customary standstill provisions, which are currently in effect and will remain in effect until the earlier of (a) the date that is 30 calendar days prior to the deadline for the submission of director nominations by stockholders for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and (b) the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Responding to actions by the Investor Group has been costly. Actions by activist stockholders to seek representation on our Board of Directors in the future may similarly impact us and could cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business. Activist stockholders, such as the Investor Group, may from time to time attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction, and in furtherance thereof, may seek changes in how our Company is governed. Our Board of Directors and management strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with our stockholders, including the Investor Group, and welcome their views and opinions with the goal of enhancing value for all stockholders. However, an activist campaign that seeks to replace members of our Board of Directors or changes in our strategic direction could have an adverse effect on us because: 

responding to actions by activist stockholders is costly and may be disruptive, time-consuming and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition; 

perceived uncertainties about our future direction as a result of changes to the composition of our Board of Directors or changes to our stockholder base may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business, instability or lack of continuity which may be exploited by our competitors, may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners; 

these types of actions could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business; and 

if individuals are elected to our Board of Directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and to create additional value for our stockholders. A change of control of our Company would automatically terminate our investment management agreements relating to the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs unless the Board of Trustees of the WisdomTree Trust and shareholders of the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs voted to continue the agreements. A change in control could occur if a third party were to acquire a controlling interest in our Company. Under the Investment Company Act, an investment management agreement with a fund must provide for its automatic termination in the event of its assignment. The fund s board must vote to continue such an agreement following any such assignment and the shareholders of the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs must approve the assignment. The cost of obtaining such shareholder approval can be significant and ordinarily would be borne by us. Similarly, under the Investment Advisers Act, a client s investment management agreement may not be assigned by the investment adviser without the client s consent. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

An investment management agreement is considered under both acts to be assigned to another party when a controlling block of the adviser s securities is transferred. Under both acts, there is a presumption that a stockholder beneficially owning 25 or more of an adviser s voting stock controls the adviser and conversely a stockholder beneficially owning less than 25 is presumed not to control the adviser. In our case, an assignment of our investment management agreements may occur if a third party were to acquire a controlling interest in our Company. We cannot be certain that the Trustees of the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs would consent to assignments of our investment management agreements or approve new agreements with us if a change of control occurs. And even if such approval were obtained, approval from the shareholders of the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs would be required to be obtained; such approval could not be guaranteed and even if obtained, likely would result in significant expense. This restriction may discourage potential purchasers from acquiring a controlling interest in our Company. Our revenues could be adversely affected if the Independent Trustees of the WisdomTree Trust do not approve the continuation of our advisory agreements or determines that the advisory fees we receive from the WisdomTree ETFs should be reduced. Our revenues are derived primarily from investment advisory agreements with related parties. Our advisory agreements with the WisdomTree Trust and the fees we collect from the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs are subject to review and approval by the Independent Trustees of the WisdomTree Trust. The advisory agreements are subject to initial review and approval. After the initial two-year term of the agreement for each ETF, the continuation of such agreement must be reviewed and approved at least annually by a majority of the Independent Trustees. In determining whether to approve the agreements, the Independent Trustees consider factors such as the nature and quality of the services provided by us, the fees charged by us and the costs and profits realized by us in connection with such services, as well as any ancillary or fall-out benefits from such services, the extent to which economies of scale are shared with the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs, and the level of fees paid by other similar funds. Our revenues would be adversely affected if the Independent Trustees do not approve the continuation of our advisory agreements or determines that the advisory fees we charge to any particular fund are too high, resulting in a reduction of our fees. Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business. We believe we have developed a strong brand and a reputation for innovative, thoughtful products, favorable long-term investment performance and excellent client services. The WisdomTree name and brand is a valuable asset and any damage to it could hamper our ability to maintain and grow our AUM and attract and retain employees, thereby having a material adverse effect on our revenues. Risks to our reputation may range from regulatory issues to unsubstantiated accusations. Managing such matters may be expensive, time-consuming and difficult. Risks Relating to our Common and Preferred Stock and Convertible Notes The market price of our common stock has been fluctuating significantly and may continue to do so, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our common stock has been fluctuating significantly and may continue to do so, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

the ultimate duration of the COVID-19 pandemic or the war in Ukraine and their short-term and long-term impact on our business and the global economy; 

actions of activist stockholders against us, which have been costly and may be disruptive and may cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business; 

decreases in our AUM; 

variations in our quarterly operating results; 

differences between our actual financial operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; 

publication of research reports about us or the investment management industry; 

changes in expectations concerning our future financial performance and the future performance of the ETP industry and the asset management industry in general, including financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; 

our strategic moves and those of our competitors, such as acquisitions or consolidations; 

changes in the regulatory framework of the ETP industry and the asset management industry in general and regulatory action, including action by the SEC to lessen the regulatory requirements or shorten the process under the Investment Company Act to become an ETP sponsor; 

the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock; 

changes in general economic or market conditions; and 

realization of any other of the risks described elsewhere in this section. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

In addition, stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Furthermore, in the past, market fluctuations and price declines in a company s stock have led to securities class action litigations or other derivative stockholder lawsuits. If such a suit were to arise, it could cause substantial costs to us and divert our resources regardless of the outcome. If equity research analysts issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control the opinions of these analysts. The price and trading volume of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock or cease publishing reports about us or our business. We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes or to repurchase the Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change. We currently have outstanding 60.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.25 convertible senior notes due 2023, 150.0 million of 3.25 convertible senior notes due 2026 and 130.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75 convertible senior notes due 2028, which we collectively refer to as the Convertible Notes. Holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require us to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting events (each, a fundamental change ), at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, as described in the respective indentures between us and the trustee. In addition, upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the notes being converted as described in the indentures. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of notes surrendered therefor or notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Further, if the fundamental change also constitutes a change of control under the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock and we are required to make other redemption payments as a result of the change of control, we would be required to satisfy that obligation before making any payments on the notes. Our failure to repurchase notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the applicable indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes is triggered, holders of notes will be entitled to convert the notes at any time during specified periods at their option, as described in the indentures. If one or more holders elect to convert their notes, we would be required to settle any converted principal through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Preferred Shares issued in connection with the ETFS Acquisition contain redemption rights, which, if triggered, could materially impact our financial position. In connection with the ETFS Acquisition, we issued 14,750 shares of preferred stock, or Preferred Shares, to ETFS Capital, which are convertible into 14,750,000 shares of our common stock, subject to certain restrictions. ETFS Capital also has redemption rights for the Preferred Shares to protect against corporate events such as our having an insufficient number of shares of authorized common stock to permit full conversion and if, upon a change of control of us, ETFS Capital does not receive the same amount per Preferred Share that it would have received had the Preferred Shares been converted prior to a change of control. Any such redemption will be at a price per Preferred Share equal to the dollar volume-weighted average price for a share of common stock for the 30-trading day period ending on the date of such attempted conversion or change of control, as applicable, multiplied by 1,000. The redemption value of the Preferred Shares was 78.0 million at December 31, 2022. Future issuances of our common stock could lower our stock price and dilute the interests of existing stockholders. We may issue additional shares of our common stock in the future, either in connection with an acquisition or for other business reasons. The issuance of a substantial amount of common stock could have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our current stockholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of common stock in the public market, either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such common stock as consideration or by investors who acquired such common stock in a private placement, could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may prevent or delay an acquisition of our Company, which could decrease the market value of our common stock. Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable. These provisions may also prevent or delay attempts by stockholders to replace or remove our current management or members of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: 

a classified Board of Directors, which will be phased out over a two-year period concluding at our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders; 

limitations on the removal of directors; 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations; 

the inability of stockholders to act by written consent or to call special meetings; 

the ability of our Board of Directors to make, alter or repeal our by-laws; and 

the authority of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as our Board of Directors may determine. In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits business combination transactions with stockholders of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock that our Board of Directors has not approved. These provisions and other similar provisions make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to acquire us without negotiation. These provisions may apply even if some stockholders may consider the transaction beneficial to them. As a result, these provisions could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions might also discourage a potential acquisition proposal or tender offer, even if the acquisition proposal or tender offer is at a premium over the then current market price for our common stock. The payment of dividends to our stockholders and our ability to repurchase our common stock is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be limited by our financial condition and any applicable laws. Any determination as to the payment of dividends or stock repurchases, as well as the level of such dividends or repurchases, will depend on, among other things, general economic and business conditions, our level of AUM, our strategic plans, our financial results and condition, limitations associated with new credit facilities or other agreements that could limit the amount of dividends we are permitted to pay or the stock we may repurchase, and any applicable laws. For example, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which includes an excise tax that would impose a 1 surcharge on stock repurchases, which may impact our financial results beginning in fiscal year 2023. If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient income from our business, we may need to reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends on our common stock or cease repurchasing our common stock. Any change in our stock repurchases or the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could adversely affect our stock price. In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with such terms as our Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine. Our Board of Directors could, therefore, issue preferred stock with dividend rights superior to that of the common stock, which could also limit the payment of dividends on the common stock. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS We have no unresolved comments from the SEC staff relating to our periodic or current reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Effective May 1, 2022, we relocated our principal executive office to 250 West 34 th Street, 3 rd Floor, New York, New York pursuant to a license agreement that expires in April 2025, with the option to terminate in April 2024. This reduced footprint as compared to our prior headquarters better aligns with the number of employees expected to collaborate in person on any given day. While we believe having a physical office space for employees to work and socialize is important, we remain committed to our remote first philosophy in which employees primarily work remotely on a permanent basis. We believe that this space is sufficient to meet our needs until the expiration of the license agreement. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be subject to reviews, inspections and investigations by the SEC, CFTC, NFA, state and foreign regulators, as well as legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. See Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding claims brought by investors in our WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged ETP totaling approximately 15.8 million 16.9 million). ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WT. As of December 31, 2022, there were 247 holders of record of shares of our common stock and we believe there were approximately 14,000 beneficial owners of our common stock. In November 2014, we commenced a quarterly cash dividend and intend to continue to pay regular dividends to our stockholders. Any determination as to the payment of dividends, as well as the level of such dividends, will depend on, among other things, general economic and business conditions, our level of AUM, our strategic plans, our financial results and condition, limitations associated with new credit facilities or other agreements that could limit the amount of dividends we are permitted to pay, and any applicable laws. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser of shares of our common stock. On February 22, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an increase of 85.7 million to our share repurchase program and extended the term for three years through April 27, 2025. There were no shares repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 100.0 million remained under this program for future purchases. 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

(in thousands) 

Period 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

Total 

99,976 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] Not applicable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Report. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below. For a more complete description of the risks noted above and other risks that could cause our actual results to materially differ from our current expectations, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. We assume no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law. Introduction We are a global financial innovator, offering a well-diversified suite of ETPs, models and solutions. We empower investors to shape their future and support financial professionals to better serve their clients and grow their businesses. We leverage the latest financial infrastructure to create products that provide access, transparency and an enhanced user experience. Building on our heritage of innovation, we are also developing next-generation digital products and structures, including Digital Funds and tokenized assets, as well as our blockchain-native digital wallet, WisdomTree Prime . We have approximately 82.0 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our family of ETPs includes products that provide exposure to equities, commodities, fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse, currency, cryptocurrency and alternative strategies. We have launched many first-to-market products and pioneered alternative weighting we call Modern Alpha, which combines the outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management to offer investors cost-effective funds that are built to perform. Most of our equity-based funds employ a fundamentally weighted investment methodology, which weights securities based on factors such as dividends, earnings or investment factors, whereas most other industry indexes use a capitalization weighted methodology. These products are distributed through all major channels in the asset management industry, including banks, brokerage firms, registered investment advisers, institutional investors, private wealth managers and online brokers primarily through our sales force. We believe technology is altering the way financial advisors conduct business and through our Advisor Solutions program we offer technology-enabled and research-driven solutions including portfolio construction, asset allocation, practice management services and digital tools to help financial advisors address technology challenges and grow and scale their businesses. We are at the forefront of innovation and believe that tokenization and leveraging the utility of blockchain technology is the next evolution in financial services. We are building the foundation that will allow us to lead in this coming evolution. WisdomTree Prime , our blockchain-native digital wallet, is currently in beta testing and positions us to expand our blockchain-enabled financial services product offerings with a new direct-to-consumer channel where spending, saving and investing are united. As we continue to pursue our digital assets strategy, we are embracing a concept we refer to as responsible DeFi, which we believe upholds the foundational principles of regulation in this innovative and quickly evolving space. We believe that our expansion into digital assets will complement our existing core competencies in a holistic manner, diversify our revenue streams and contribute to our growth. Executive Summary Our business continues to generate significant positive momentum while executing against our long-term strategic initiatives. We have meaningful opportunities ahead in both the ETFs, models and Advisor Solutions business and as an early mover in digital assets and blockchain-enabled financial services. We are in the midst of our 10th consecutive quarter of net inflows and this past year generated over 12 billion of net flows, our strongest flowing year since 2015, representing organic flow growth of 16 . While we have had great success growing our U.S. Floating Rate Treasury Fund, or USFR, to over 13 billion in AUM, our total inflow profile is both broad and deep. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we gathered net inflows in 7 of our 8 major product categories, including U.S. Equity, which gathered over 3.3 billion of flows, a 14 pace of organic growth in 2022. AUM diversification and product performance have us well-positioned to continue on this growth trajectory. Our models strategy is succeeding as we continue to expand both the number of our model partners as well as the number of models on partner platforms. We are focused on partner platforms such as Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and others, as well as being an outsourced solution for smaller registered investment advisers and independent broker-dealers that make model portfolios easier to trade through our Portfolio Growth Solutions which we launched in April 2022. Continued success in winning advisor mindshare should lead to model flows that are recurring in nature and stackable on top of our current inflow profile. While we remain focused on providing investors with the best product structure to access various asset classes through ETFs, we believe that by leveraging blockchain technology, tokenized assets are the best product structure of tomorrow and future of 
 40 

Table of Contents 

financial services. Our commitment to our digital assets strategy is demonstrated through the achievement of key milestones which includes (i) continued development of our blockchain-native digital wallet, WisdomTree Prime , which is currently in beta testing with a nationwide rollout targeted in 2023 (ii) the tokenization of real world assets like physical gold (i.e., gold tokens) and U.S. dollars (i.e., dollar tokens); (iii) the SEC declaring effective the registration of the WisdomTree Short-Term Treasury Digital Fund and nine other digital or blockchain-enabled mutual funds, which provide a variety of different exposures to fixed income and equity securities; and (iv) FINRA approving WT Securities to operate as a mutual fund retailer, which will allow it to facilitate transactions in Digital Funds offered in WisdomTree Prime . We believe that these key milestones coupled with our ability to further execute on our digital assets strategy will serve as fundamental building blocks to solidify our position as an early mover, forward-thinking innovator and industry leader in blockchain-enabled financial services. Additional business highlights include the following: 

We launched a brand-expansion campaign, changed our name and ticker symbol and moved our listing to the New York Stock Exchange. 

In the U.S., we were named a 2022 Best Places to Work in Money Management by Pension Investments for the third consecutive year and six years total, and were selected as the top firm within the category for managers with 100-499 employees. We were also named Best WorkPlace for medium-sized companies in the U.K. for a third consecutive year and a 2022 Best Workplace for Women for medium-sized companies by Great Place to Work. 

We won Best US Fixed Income ETF Issuer 1 billion to 5 billion) at the ETF Express US Awards 2022 and Asset Manager Website of the Year for the second year in a row at the Mutual Fund Industry and ETF Awards 2022. 

Strong product performance with over 80 of our U.S. listed AUM covered by Morningstar in the top two quartiles of peer performance on the very short (1 year) and very long (15 year) timeframes and over 40 of our U.S. listed AUM in 4- and 5-star funds (less than 5 in 1-and 2-star funds). 

We launched 15 new European listed ETPs and three new U.S. listed ETPs. 

We issued 130.0 million of convertible senior notes due 2028, retired 115.0 million of convertible senior notes due 2023 and returned approximately 22.8 million to our stockholders through our ongoing quarterly cash dividend and stock repurchases. Market Environment The following chart reflects the annual returns of the broad-based equity indexes and gold prices over the last three years. 

Source: FactSet 
 41 

Table of Contents 

U.S. Listed ETF Industry Flows U.S. listed ETF net flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 567.2 billion. U.S. equity and fixed income gathered the majority of those flows. 

Source: Morningstar European Listed ETP Industry Flows European listed ETP net flows were 74.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Equities and fixed income gathered the majority of those flows. 

Source: Morningstar 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Industry Developments Asset Management Consolidation In the recent past, a number of acquisitions in the asset management industry have either been announced or completed. These trends have accelerated, as fee compression, cost pressures and increased regulations have weighed on the industry, highlighting the importance of scale and operating efficiency to compete in today s market. We have significant opportunities ahead in both the ETFs, models and Advisor Solutions business and as an early mover in digital assets and blockchain-enabled financial services which positions us well for success to grow in this competitive landscape. Components of Operating Revenue Advisory fees Substantially all of our revenues are comprised of advisory fees we earn from our ETPs. These advisory fees are calculated based on a percentage of the ETPs average daily net assets. Our weighted average fee rates by product category are as follows: 

Commodity Currency: 
 
 37bps 
 
 Leveraged Inverse: 
 
 87bps 
 
 International Developed Market Equity: 
 
 50bps 
 
 Fixed Income: 
 
 16bps 
 
 U.S. Equity: 
 
 31bps 
 
 Alternatives: 
 
 58bps 
 
 Emerging Market Equity: 
 
 51bps 
 
 Cryptocurrency: 
 
 96bps 
 We determine the appropriate advisory fee to charge for our ETPs based on the cost of operating each ETP considering the types of securities the ETPs will hold, fees third-party service providers will charge us for operating the ETPs and our competitors fees for similar ETPs. From time to time, we implement voluntary waivers of a portion of our advisory fee. In addition, we earn a fee based on daily aggregate AUM of our ETPs in exchange for bearing certain fund expenses. Our advisory fee revenues may fluctuate based on general stock market trends, which include market value appreciation or depreciation, currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar, increased competition and level of inflows or outflows from our ETPs. Other income Other income includes rebates from swap providers to our European listed ETPs, creation/redemption fees earned on our European non-UCITS products and fees from licensing our indexes to third parties. Components of Operating Expenses Our operating expenses consist primarily of costs related to selling, operating and marketing our ETPs as well as the infrastructure needed to run our business. Compensation and benefits Employee compensation and benefits expenses are expensed when incurred and include salaries, incentive compensation, and related benefit costs. To attract and retain qualified personnel, we must maintain competitive employee compensation and benefit plans and amounts we pay may be affected by inflation. Virtually all of our employees receive incentive compensation which is variable and will fluctuate taking into consideration our operating and financial results, as well as discretion. Also included in compensation and benefits are costs related to equity awards granted to our employees. Our executive management and Board of Directors strongly believe that equity awards are an important part of our employees overall compensation package and that incentivizing our employees with equity in the Company aligns the interests of our employees with that of our stockholders. We use the fair value method in recording compensation expense for equity-based awards. Under the fair value method, compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense over the vesting period. Fund management and administration Fund management and administration expenses are expensed when incurred and are comprised of the following costs we pay third-party service providers to operate our ETPs and Digital Funds: 

portfolio management of our ETPs (sub-advisory); 

fund accounting and administration; 

custodial and storage services; 

market making; 

transfer agency; 

accounting and tax services; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

printing and mailing of stockholder materials; 

index calculation; 

indicative values; 

distribution fees; 

legal and compliance services; 

exchange listing fees; 

trustee fees and expenses; 

preparation of regulatory reports and filings; 

insurance; 

certain local income taxes; and 

other administrative services. We are not responsible for extraordinary expenses, taxes and certain other expenses related to the funds. We depend on a number of parties to provide critical portfolio management services to our ETPs. The fees we pay our sub-advisers generally are the higher of the fixed minimums per fund, which range from 25,000 to 737,000 per year, or the percentage fee, which ranges between 0.01 and 0.20 per annum of average daily AUM at various breakpoint levels depending on the nature of the ETP. In addition, we pay certain costs based on transactions in our ETPs or based on inflow levels. The fees we pay for accounting, tax, transfer agency, index calculation, indicative values and exchange listing are based on the number of ETFs we have. The remaining fees are based on a combination of both AUM and number of funds, or as incurred. Marketing and advertising Marketing and advertising expenses are recorded when incurred and include the following: 

advertising and product promotion campaigns that are initiated to promote our existing and new ETPs as well as brand awareness; 

development and maintenance of our website; and 

creation and preparation of marketing materials. Our discretionary advertising comprises the largest portion of this expense. In addition, we may incur expenditures in certain periods to attract inflows, the benefit of which may or may not be recognized from increases to our AUM in future periods. However, due to the discretionary nature of some of these costs, they can generally be reduced if there were a decline in the markets. Sales and business development Sales and business development expenses are recorded when incurred and include the following: 

travel and entertainment or conference related expenses for our sales force; 

market data services for our research team; 

sales related software tools; 

voluntary payment of certain costs associated with the creation or redemption of ETF shares, as we may elect from time to time; and 

legal and other advisory fees associated with the development of new funds or business initiatives. Contractual gold payments Contractual gold payments expense represents an ongoing obligation requiring us to pay 9,500 ounces of gold annually from the advisory fee income we earn for managing physically backed gold ETPs. See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Professional fees Professional fees are expensed when incurred and consist of fees we pay to corporate advisers including accountants, tax advisers, legal counsel, investment bankers, human resources or other consultants. Professional fees also include expenses we pay third-party service providers related to WisdomTree Prime and expenses incurred in response to an activist campaign. These expenses fluctuate based on our needs or requirements at the time. Certain of these costs are at our discretion and can fluctuate year to year. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Occupancy, communications and equipment Occupancy, communications and equipment expense includes costs for our corporate headquarters in New York City as well as office related costs in our other locations. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense results from depreciation on fixed assets we purchase as well as amortization of internally-developed software, which are depreciated/amortized over three to five years. Third-party distribution fees Third-party distribution fees, which are expensed as incurred, include payments made to enable our products and models to be included on certain third-party platforms in exchange for commission-free trading or other preferential access. These expenses also include payments to our third-party marketing agents in Latin America and Israel. Acquisition and disposition-related costs Acquisition and disposition-related costs are principally associated with the sale of our Canadian ETF business, which was completed in February 2020. Other Other expenses consist primarily of insurance premiums, general office related expenses, securities license fees for our sales force, public company related expenses, corporate related travel and entertainment and board of director fees, including stock-based compensation related to equity awards we granted to our directors. Components of Other Income/(Expenses) of a Recurring Nature Interest expense We recognize interest expense using the effective interest method which includes the amortization of discounts, premiums and issuance costs. Revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments Deferred consideration arose in connection with the ETFS Acquisition and is remeasured each reporting period using forward-looking gold prices observed on the CMX exchange, a selected discount rate and perpetual growth rate. See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Interest income Interest income, which is recognized on an accrual basis, arises from investing our corporate cash and on notes receivable previously outstanding. Other losses and gains, net Included herein are gains and losses arising from our financial instruments owned, the sale of gold earned from advisory fees paid by physically-backed gold ETPs, foreign exchange and other miscellaneous items. Also included are losses arising from the release of tax-related indemnification assets upon the expiration of the statute of limitations, for which an equal and offsetting benefit is recognized in income tax expense. Income Taxes Our income tax expense consists of taxes due to federal, various state and local and certain foreign authorities. Expense Guidance for the Year Ending December 31, 2023 Compensation Expense Our compensation expense for the year ending December 31, 2023 is currently estimated to range from 96.0 million to 106.0 million and takes into consideration variability in incentive compensation, the competitive landscape, inflationary pressures and hiring both in our core business and digital assets. Discretionary Spending Discretionary spending includes marketing, sales, professional fees, occupancy and equipment, depreciation and amortization and other expenses. We currently estimate our discretionary spending for the year ending December 31, 2023 to range from 56.0 million to 59.0 million. Not included in the guidance above are any potential non-recurring expenses we may incur in response to a potential proxy contest. Such expenses could be material to our results of operations for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Gross Margin We define gross margin as total operating revenues less fund management and administration expenses. Gross margin percentage is calculated as gross margin divided by total operating revenues. For the year ending December 31, 2023, we currently estimate that our gross margin percentage will be 78 at current AUM and revenue levels and would anticipate margin expansion assuming continued organic flow growth. Contractual Gold Payments We currently estimate our contractual gold payments expense for the year ending December 31, 2023 to be approximately 18.0 million based upon current gold prices. This expense is measured based upon actual monthly average gold prices. Third-Party Distribution Expense We currently estimate third-party distribution expense to be approximately 8.0 million to 9.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2023, which is dependent upon the AUM growth on our respective platforms. Income Tax Expense We currently estimate that our consolidated normalized effective tax rate will be approximately 23 for the year ending December 31, 2023, an increase from 22 during the prior year primarily due to the main rate of corporate taxation in the U.K. rising from 19 to 25 effective April 1, 2023. This estimated rate may change and is dependent upon our actual taxable income earned in relation to our forecasts as well as any other items which may arise that are not currently forecasted. Such items may include, but are not limited to, any revaluation on deferred consideration gold payments, reductions in unrecognized tax benefits and any stock-based compensation windfalls or shortfalls. Additional corporate tax legislation could also impact our normalized effective tax rate. Factors that May Impact our Future Financial Results Our AUM is well diversified across the commodity, U.S. equity, international developed markets and emerging markets sectors. As a result, our operating results are particularly exposed to investor sentiment toward investing in these products strategies and our ability to maintain AUM of these products, as well as the performance of these products. Our revenues are also highly correlated to the level and relative mix of our AUM, as well as the fee rate associated with our ETPs. Changes in product mix have led to a decline in our average advisory fee, which, for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were 0.40 , 0.41 and 0.38 , respectively. The chart below sets forth the asset mix of our ETPs at December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022: 

46 

Table of Contents 

Key Operating Statistics The following table presents key operating statistics that serve as indicators for the performance of our business: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

GLOBAL ETPs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

77,479 

67,392 

63,525 

Assets sold 

(778) 
 
 Inflows/(outflows) 

12,182 

4,660 

(18) 
 
 Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(7,671) 

5,446 

4,663 

Fund closures 

(4) 

(19) 

End of period assets 

81,986 

77,479 

67,392 

Average assets during the period 

76,974 

73,441 

61,166 

Average advisory fee during the period 

0.38 

0.41 

0.40 

Number of ETPs end of the period 

348 

329 

309 

US LISTED ETFs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

48,210 

38,517 

40,600 

Inflows/(outflows) 

14,572 

4,950 

(1,253) 
 
 Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(6,807) 

4,758 

(830) 
 
 Fund closures 

(15) 

End of period assets 

55,975 

48,210 

38,517 

Average assets during the period 

49,727 

44,335 

34,224 

Number of ETPs end of the period 

79 

75 

67 

EUROPEAN LISTED ETPs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

29,269 

28,875 

22,925 

Assets sold 

(778) 
 
 (Outflows)/inflows 

(2,390) 

(290) 

1,235 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(864) 

688 

5,493 

Fund closures 

(4) 

(4) 

End of period assets 

26,011 

29,269 

28,875 

Average assets during the period 

27,247 

29,106 

26,942 

Number of ETPs end of the period 

269 

254 

242 

PRODUCT CATEGORIES (in millions 

U.S. Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

23,860 

18,367 

17,732 

Inflows/(outflows) 

3,346 

1,543 

765 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(3,092) 

3,950 

(130) 

End of period assets 

24,114 

23,860 

18,367 

Average assets during the period 

22,886 

21,264 

15,397 

Commodity Currency 

Beginning of period assets 

24,598 

25,879 

20,073 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(2,911) 

(1,479) 

472 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

401 

198 

5,334 

End of period assets 

22,088 

24,598 

25,879 

Average assets during the period 

23,406 

25,027 

23,755 

Fixed Income 

Beginning of period assets 

4,356 

3,309 

3,565 

Inflows/(outflows) 

11,299 

1,131 

(281) 
 
 Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(382) 

(84) 

25 

End of period assets 

15,273 

4,356 

3,309 

Average assets during the period 

9,039 

3,550 

3,540 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

International Developed Market Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

11,894 

9,414 

13,011 

Inflows/(outflows) 

101 

1,260 

(2,839) 
 
 Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(1,800) 

1,220 

(758) 

End of period assets 

10,195 

11,894 

9,414 

Average assets during the period 

10,568 

10,750 

9,500 

Emerging Market Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

10,375 

8,539 

6,400 

Inflows/(outflows) 

27 

2,041 

1,700 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(2,286) 

(205) 

439 

End of period assets 

8,116 

10,375 

8,539 

Average assets during the period 

8,843 

10,619 

6,057 

Leveraged Inverse 

Beginning of period assets 

1,775 

1,475 

1,131 

Inflows/(outflows) 

192 

44 

248 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(213) 

256 

96 

End of period assets 

1,754 

1,775 

1,475 

Average assets during the period 

1,702 

1,674 

1,352 

Alternatives 

Beginning of period assets 

261 

215 

358 

Inflows/(outflows) 

91 

39 

(125) 
 
 Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(42) 

7 

(18) 

End of period assets 

310 

261 

215 

Average assets during the period 

298 

224 

251 

Cryptocurrency 

Beginning of period assets 

357 

168 

1 

Inflows/(outflows) 

36 

84 

76 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(257) 

105 

91 

End of period assets 

136 

357 

168 

Average assets during the period 

230 

312 

30 

Closed ETPs 

Beginning of period assets 

3 

26 

1,254 

Assets sold 

(778) 
 
 Inflows/(outflows) 

1 

(3) 

(34) 
 
 Market depreciation 

(1) 

(416) 
 
 Fund closures 

(4) 

(19) 

End of period assets 

3 

26 

Average assets during the period 

2 

21 

1,284 

Headcount 

273 

241 

217 
 
 Note: Previously issued statistics may be restated due to fund closures and trade adjustments Source: WisdomTree 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Selected Operating and Financial Information 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

AUM (in millions) 

Average AUM 

76,974 

73,441 

3,533 

4.8 

Operating Revenues (in thousands) 

Advisory fees 

293,632 

298,052 

(4,420) 

(1.5) 
 
 Other income 

7,713 

6,266 

1,447 

23.1 

Total revenues 

301,345 

304,318 

(2,973) 

(1.0) 

Average AUM Our average AUM increased 4.8 from 73.4 billion at December 31, 2021 to 77.0 billion at December 31, 2022 due to net inflows partly offset by market depreciation. Operating Revenues Advisory fees Advisory fee revenues decreased 1.5 from 298.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 293.6 million in the comparable period in 2022 as higher average AUM was offset by a decline in our average advisory fee. Our average advisory fee decreased from 0.41 during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.38 during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to AUM mix shift. Other income Other income increased 23.1 from 6.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 7.7 million in the comparable period in 2022 primarily due to higher fees associated with our European listed products. Operating Expenses 

(in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Change 

Percent Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Compensation and benefits 

97,897 

88,163 

9,734 

11.0 

Fund management and administration 

64,761 

58,912 

5,849 

9.9 

Marketing and advertising 

15,302 

14,090 

1,212 

8.6 

Sales and business development 

11,871 

9,907 

1,964 

19.8 

Contractual gold payments 

17,108 

17,096 

12 

0.1 

Professional fees 

13,800 

7,616 

6,184 

81.2 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

3,898 

4,629 

(731) 

(15.8 

Depreciation and amortization 

262 

738 

(476) 

(64.5 

Third-party distribution fees 

7,656 

7,176 

480 

6.7 

Other 

8,705 

6,933 

1,772 

25.6 

Total operating expenses 

241,260 

215,260 

26,000 

12.1 

As a Percent of Revenues: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Compensation and benefits 

32.5 

28.9 

Fund management and administration 

21.5 

19.4 

Marketing and advertising 

5.1 

4.6 

Sales and business development 

3.9 

3.3 

Contractual gold payments 

5.7 

5.6 

Professional fees 

4.6 

2.5 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1.3 

1.5 

Depreciation and amortization 

0.1 

0.2 

Third-party distribution fees 

2.5 

2.4 

Other 

2.9 

2.3 

Total operating expenses 

80.1 

70.7 

49 

Table of Contents 

Compensation and benefits Compensation and benefits expense increased 11.0 from 88.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 97.9 million in the comparable period in 2022 due to higher incentive compensation and headcount. Headcount was 241 and 273 at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Fund management and administration Fund management and administration expense increased 9.9 from 58.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 64.8 million in the comparable period in 2022 primarily due to higher average AUM, product launches and inflows. We had 75 U.S. listed ETFs and 254 European listed ETPs at December 31, 2021 compared to 79 U.S. listed ETFs and 269 European listed ETPs at December 31, 2022. Marketing and advertising Marketing and advertising expense increased 8.6 from 14.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 15.3 million in the comparable period in 2022 primarily resulting from an increase in online and television advertising. Sales and business development Sales and business development expense increased 19.8 from 9.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 11.9 million in the comparable period in 2022 primarily resulting from increases in conference and events spending as well as market data costs. Contractual gold payments Contractual gold payments expense was essentially unchanged from the year ended December 31, 2021. This expense was associated with the annual payment of 9,500 ounces of gold and was calculated using the average daily spot price of 1,800 per ounce during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Professional fees Professional fees increased 81.2 from 7.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 13.8 million in the comparable period in 2022 due to 4.5 million incurred in response to an activist campaign and spending related to our digital assets business. Occupancy, communications and equipment Occupancy, communications and equipment expense decreased 15.8 from 4.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.9 million in the comparable period in 2022 as we reduced our office footprint in the U.S. and Europe. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 64.5 from 0.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.3 million in the comparable period in 2022 as we reduced our office footprint in the U.S. and Europe. Third-party distribution fees Third-party distribution fees increased 6.7 from 7.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 7.7 million in the comparable period in 2022 primarily due to new platform relationships in Europe and higher U.S. listed AUM on third-party platforms, partly offset by lower fees paid to our third-party marketing agent in Latin America. Other Other expenses increased 25.6 from 6.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 8.7 million in the comparable period in 2022 primarily due to higher insurance, public company compliance, travel and directors expenses. Other Income/(Expenses) 

(in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

Interest expense 

(14,935) 

(12,332) 

(2,603) 

21.1 

Gain on revaluation of deferred consideration 

27,765 

2,018 

25,747 

1,275.9 

Interest income 

3,320 

2,009 

1,311 

65.3 

Impairments 

(16,156) 

16,156 

n/a 

Other losses, net 

(36,285) 

(7,926) 

(28,359) 

357.8 

Total other expenses, net 

(20,135) 

(32,387) 

12,252 

(37.8 

50 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

As a Percent of Revenues: 
 
 2022 

2021 

Interest expense 

(5.0 

(4.1 

Gain on revaluation of deferred consideration 

9.2 

0.7 

Interest income 

1.1 

0.7 

Impairments 

(5.3 

Other losses, net 

(12.0 

(2.6 

Total other expenses, net 

(6.7 

(10.6 

Interest expense Interest expense increased 21.1 from 12.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 14.9 million in the comparable period in 2022 due to a higher level of debt outstanding in the current period. Our effective interest rate during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 4.6 . Gain on revaluation of deferred consideration We recognized a gain on revaluation of deferred consideration of 2.0 million and 27.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The gain was primarily due to an increase in the discount rate (from 9.0 to 11.0 used to compute the present value of the annual payment obligations as well as a steepening of the forward-looking gold curve. The magnitude of any gain or loss is highly correlated to changes in the discount rate and the magnitude of the change in the forward-looking price of gold. Interest income Interest income increased 65.3 from 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.3 million in the comparable period in 2022 due to an increase in financial instruments owned. Impairments During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized impairment charges totaling 16.2 million, including a loss of 9.3 million upon the termination of the lease of our former principal executive office at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 6.6 million related to the write-off of leasehold improvements and fixed assets associated with our former New York office and 0.3 million upon exiting our London office (See Notes 9, 14 and 26 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Other losses, net Other losses, net were 7.9) million and 36.3) million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. This includes a charge of 5.2 million and 19.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, arising from the release of a tax-related indemnification asset upon the expiration of the statute of limitations. An equal and offsetting benefit has been recognized in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we also recognized losses on our financial instruments owned of 3.7 million and 16.5 million, respectively. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a gain of 0.8 million related to the remeasurement of contingent consideration payable to us from the sale of our former Canadian ETF business. Gains and losses also generally arise from the sale of gold earned from advisory fees paid by our physically-backed gold ETPs, foreign exchange fluctuations and other miscellaneous items. Income Taxes Our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was negative 26.9 , resulting in an income tax benefit of 10.7 million. Our tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a 19.9 million reduction in unrecognized tax benefits associated with the release of the tax-related indemnification asset described above, a reduction in the valuation allowance on foreign net operating losses, a non-taxable gain on revaluation of deferred consideration and a lower tax rate on foreign earnings. These items were partly offset by an increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance on losses recognized on financial instruments owned. Our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 12.1 resulted in income tax expense of 6.9 million. Our effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a 5.2 million reduction in unrecognized tax benefits and a lower tax rate on foreign earnings. These items were partly offset by tax shortfalls associated with the vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation and non-deductible executive compensation. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 Selected Operating and Financial Information 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Percent Change 

2021 

2020 

AUM (in millions) 

Average AUM 

73,441 

61,166 

12,275 

20.1 

Operating Revenues (in thousands) 

Advisory fees 

298,052 

246,395 

51,657 

21.0 

Other income 

6,266 

3,517 

2,749 

78.2 

Total revenues 

304,318 

249,912 

54,406 

21.8 

Average AUM Our average AUM increased 20.1 from 61.2 billion at December 31, 2020 to 73.4 billion at December 31, 2021 arising from market appreciation and net inflows. Operating Revenues Advisory fees Advisory fee revenues increased 21.0 from 246.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 298.1 million in the comparable period in 2021 due to higher average AUM. Our average advisory fee increased from 0.40 during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 0.41 during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to AUM mix shift. Other income Other income increased 78.2 from 3.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 6.3 million in the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to higher fees associated with our European listed products. Operating Expenses 

(in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

Percent Change 

2021 

2020 

Compensation and benefits 

88,163 

74,675 

13,488 

18.1 

Fund management and administration 

58,912 

56,728 

2,184 

3.8 

Marketing and advertising 

14,090 

11,128 

2,962 

26.6 

Sales and business development 

9,907 

10,579 

(672) 

(6.4 

Contractual gold payments 

17,096 

16,811 

285 

1.7 

Professional fees 

7,616 

4,902 

2,714 

55.4 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

4,629 

6,427 

(1,798) 

(28.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

738 

1,021 

(283) 

(27.7 

Third-party distribution fees 

7,176 

5,219 

1,957 

37.5 

Acquisition and disposition-related costs 

416 

(416) 

n/a 

Other 

6,933 

6,924 

9 

0.1 

Total operating expenses 

215,260 

194,830 

20,430 

10.5 

As a Percent of Revenues: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Compensation and benefits 

28.9 

29.8 

Fund management and administration 

19.4 

22.7 

Marketing and advertising 

4.6 

4.5 

Sales and business development 

3.3 

4.2 

Contractual gold payments 

5.6 

6.7 

Professional fees 

2.5 

2.0 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1.5 

2.6 

Depreciation and amortization 

0.2 

0.4 

Third-party distribution fees 

2.4 

2.1 

Acquisition and disposition-related costs 

n/a 

0.2 

Other 

2.3 

2.8 

Total operating expenses 

70.7 

78.0 

52 

Table of Contents 

Compensation and benefits Compensation and benefits expense increased 18.1 from 74.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 88.2 million in the comparable period in 2021 due to higher incentive compensation and headcount. Headcount was 217 and 241 at December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Fund management and administration Fund management and administration expense increased 3.8 from 56.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 58.9 million in the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to higher average AUM and product launches. We had 67 U.S. listed ETFs and 242 European listed ETPs at December 31, 2020 compared to 75 U.S. listed ETFs and 254 European listed ETPs at December 31, 2021. Marketing and advertising Marketing and advertising expense increased 26.6 from 11.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 14.1 million in the comparable period in 2021 as our spending in the prior year was reduced at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Sales and business development Sales and business development expense decreased 6.4 from 10.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 9.9 million in the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to lower travel and discretionary spending resulting from the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Contractual gold payments Contractual gold payments expense increased 1.7 from 16.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 17.1 million in the comparable period in 2021. This expense was associated with the annual payment of 9,500 ounces of gold and was calculated using the average daily spot price of 1,770 and 1,800 per ounce during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Professional fees Professional fees increased 55.4 from 4.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 7.6 million in the comparable period in 2021 due to spending related to our digital assets business. Occupancy, communications and equipment Occupancy, communications and equipment expense decreased 28.0 from 6.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 4.6 million in the comparable period in 2021 as we exited our New York office and reduced our office footprint in Europe. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 27.7 from 1.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 0.7 million in the comparable period in 2021 due to the write-off of fixed assets related to the exit of our New York office. Third-party distribution fees Third-party distribution fees increased 37.5 from 5.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 7.2 million in the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to higher AUM in Latin America resulting in higher fees paid to our third-party marketing agent, as well as additional platform relationships. Acquisition and disposition-related costs Acquisition and disposition-related costs of 0.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 arose in connection with the sale of our Canadian ETF business which was completed in February 2020. Other Other expenses were essentially unchanged from the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Other Income/(Expenses) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Change 

Percent Change 

(in thousands) 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Interest expense 

(12,332) 

(9,668) 

(2,664) 

27.6 

Gain/(loss) on revaluation of deferred consideration 

2,018 

(56,821) 

58,839 

n/a 

Interest income 

2,009 

744 

1,265 

170.0 

Impairments 

(16,156) 

(22,752) 

6,596 

(29.0) 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(2,387) 

2,387 

n/a 

Other losses and gains, net 

(7,926) 

580 

(8,506) 

n/a 

Total other expenses, net 

(32,387) 

(90,304) 

57,917 

(64.1) 

Year Ended December 31, 

As a Percent of Revenues: 
 
 2021 

2020 

Interest expense 

(4.1 

(3.9 

Gain/(loss) on revaluation of deferred consideration 

0.7 

(22.7 

Interest income 

0.7 

0.3 

Impairments 

(5.3 

(9.1 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(1.0 

Other losses and gains, net 

(2.6 

0.2 

Total other expenses, net 

(10.6 

(36.1 

Interest expense Interest expense increased 27.6 from 9.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 12.3 million in the comparable period in 2021 due to a higher level of debt outstanding in the current period. Our effective interest rate during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 was 5.5 and 4.9 , respectively. Gain/(loss) on revaluation of deferred consideration We recognized a gain on revaluation of deferred consideration of 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to a loss of 56.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The gain in the current period was due to a decline in spot prices, partly offset by a steepening of the forward-looking gold curve. The magnitude of any gain or loss is highly correlated to changes in the discount rate and the magnitude of the change in the forward-looking price of gold. Interest income Interest income increased 170.0 from 0.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 2.0 million in the comparable period in 2021 due to an increase in financial instruments owned. Impairments During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized impairment charges totaling 16.2 million, including a loss of 9.3 million upon the termination of the lease of our former principal executive office at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 6.6 million related to the write-off of leasehold improvements and fixed assets associated with our former New York office and 0.3 million upon exiting our London office (See Notes 9, 14 and 26 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized non-cash impairment charges totaling 22.8 million, including 19.7 million related to our former investment in AdvisorEngine Inc., or AdvisorEngine, and 3.1 million related to our investment in Thesys Group, Inc., or Thesys. Loss on extinguishment of debt During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.4 million arising from the acceleration of debt issuance cost amortization in connection with the termination of our former credit facility. Other losses and gains, net Other losses and gains, net were 0.6 million and 7.9) million during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. This includes a charge of 6.0 million and 5.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, arising from the release of a tax-related indemnification asset upon the expiration of the statute of limitations. An equal and offsetting benefit has been recognized in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we also recognized losses on our financial instruments owned of 3.7 million, a gain of 0.8 million related to the remeasurement of contingent consideration payable to us from the sale of our former Canadian ETF business and an unrealized gain of 0.4 million on our investment in Securrency. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a gain of 2.9 million 
 54 

Table of Contents 

associated with the sale of our Canadian ETF business and a gain of 1.1 million arising from an adjustment to the estimated fair value of consideration received from the exit of our investment in AdvisorEngine. Gains and losses also generally arise from the sale of gold earned from advisory fees paid by our physically-backed gold ETPs, foreign exchange fluctuations and other miscellaneous items. Income Taxes Our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 12.1 resulted in income tax expense of 6.9 million. Our effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a 5.2 million reduction in unrecognized tax benefits and a lower tax rate on foreign earnings. These items were partly offset by tax shortfalls associated with the vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation and non-deductible executive compensation. Our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 of negative 1.2 resulted in income tax expense of 0.4 million. Our effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a non-deductible loss on revaluation of deferred consideration, a valuation allowance on capital losses and tax shortfalls associated with the vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation awards. These items were partly offset by a tax benefit of 6.0 million recognized in connection with the release of the tax-related indemnification asset described above, a 2.9 million non-taxable gain recognized upon sale of our Canadian ETF business in the first quarter, a tax benefit of 2.6 million recognized in connection with the release of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance on interest carryforwards arising from our debt previously held in the U.K. and a lower tax rate on foreign earnings. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly Results The following tables set forth our unaudited consolidated quarterly statement of operations data, both in dollar amounts and as a percentage of total revenues, and our unaudited consolidated quarterly operating data for the quarters in 2022 and 2021. In our opinion, this unaudited information has been prepared on substantially the same basis as the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report and includes all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the unaudited consolidated quarterly data. The unaudited consolidated quarterly data should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report. The results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period, and you should not rely on them as such. 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Q4/22 
 
 Q3/22 
 
 Q2/22 
 
 Q1/22 
 
 Q4/21 
 
 Q3/21 
 
 Q2/21 
 
 Q1/21 

Operating Revenues: 

Advisory fees 

70,913 

70,616 

75,586 

76,517 

77,441 

76,400 

74,169 

70,042 

Other income 

2,397 

1,798 

1,667 

1,851 

1,734 

1,712 

1,606 

1,214 

Total revenues 

73,310 

72,414 

77,253 

78,368 

79,175 

78,112 

75,775 

71,256 

Operating Expenses: 

Compensation and benefits 

24,831 

23,714 

24,565 

24,787 

23,178 

22,027 

20,331 

22,627 

Fund management and administration 

16,906 

16,285 

16,076 

15,494 

15,417 

15,181 

14,367 

13,947 

Marketing and advertising 

4,240 

3,145 

3,894 

4,023 

4,565 

2,925 

3,594 

3,006 

Sales and business development 

3,407 

2,724 

3,131 

2,609 

2,668 

2,935 

2,159 

2,145 

Contractual gold payments 

4,107 

4,105 

4,446 

4,450 

4,262 

4,250 

4,314 

4,270 

Professional fees 

2,666 

2,367 

4,308 

4,459 

2,099 

1,583 

1,921 

2,013 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1,110 

986 

1,049 

753 

725 

1,163 

1,266 

1,475 

Depreciation and amortization 

104 

58 

53 

47 

45 

185 

256 

252 

Third-party distribution fees 

1,793 

1,833 

1,818 

2,212 

1,830 

1,873 

2,130 

1,343 

Other 

2,427 

2,324 

2,109 

1,845 

1,823 

1,787 

1,752 

1,571 

Total operating expenses 

61,591 

57,541 

61,449 

60,679 

56,612 

53,909 

52,090 

52,649 

Operating income 

11,719 

14,873 

15,804 

17,689 

22,563 

24,203 

23,685 

18,607 

Other Income/(Expenses): 

Interest expense 

(3,736) 

(3,734) 

(3,733) 

(3,732) 

(3,740) 

(3,729) 

(2,567) 

(2,296) 
 
 (Loss)/gain on revaluation of deferred consideration 

(35,423) 

77,895 

2,311 

(17,018) 

(3,048) 

1,737 

497 

2,832 

Interest income 

945 

811 

770 

794 

864 

689 

225 

231 

Impairments 

(15,853) 

(303) 

Other losses and gains, net 

(1,815) 

(5,289) 

(4,474) 

(24,707) 

(1,368) 

(714) 

49 

(5,893) 

(Loss)/income before income taxes 

(28,310) 

84,556 

10,678 

(26,974) 

15,271 

6,333 

21,889 

13,178 

Income tax (benefit)/expense 

(21) 

3,327 

2,673 

(16,713) 

4,084 

500 

4,259 

(1,969) 

Net (loss)/income 

(28,289) 

81,229 

8,005 

(10,261) 

11,187 

5,833 

17,630 

15,147 

(Loss)/earnings per share basic 

(0.20) 

0.50 

0.05 

(0.08) 

0.07 

0.04 

0.11 

0.09 

(Loss)/earnings per share diluted 

(0.20) 

0.50 

0.05 

(0.08) 

0.07 

0.04 

0.11 

0.09 

Dividends per common share 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

56 

Table of Contents 

Q4/22 
 
 Q3/22 
 
 Q2/22 
 
 Q1/22 
 
 Q4/21 
 
 Q3/21 
 
 Q2/21 
 
 Q1/21 

Percent of Revenues 

Operating Revenues 

Advisory fees 

96.7 

97.5 

97.8 

97.6 

97.8 

97.8 

97.9 

98.3 

Other income 

3.3 

2.5 

2.2 

2.4 

2.2 

2.2 

2.1 

1.7 

Total revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Operating Expenses 

Compensation and benefits 

34.0 

32.7 

31.7 

31.5 

29.2 

28.2 

26.9 

31.7 

Fund management and administration 

23.1 

22.5 

20.7 

19.8 

19.4 

19.5 

19.0 

19.6 

Marketing and advertising 

5.8 

4.3 

5.0 

5.1 

5.8 

3.7 

4.7 

4.2 

Sales and business development 

4.6 

3.8 

4.1 

3.3 

3.4 

3.8 

2.8 

3.0 

Contractual gold payments 

5.6 

5.7 

5.8 

5.7 

5.4 

5.4 

5.7 

6.0 

Professional fees 

3.6 

3.3 

5.6 

5.7 

2.7 

2.0 

2.5 

2.8 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1.5 

1.4 

1.4 

1.0 

0.9 

1.5 

1.7 

2.1 

Depreciation and amortization 

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

0.2 

0.3 

0.4 

Third-party distribution fees 

2.4 

2.5 

2.4 

2.8 

2.3 

2.4 

2.8 

1.9 

Other 

3.3 

3.2 

2.7 

2.4 

2.3 

2.3 

2.3 

2.2 

Total operating expenses 

84.0 

79.5 

79.5 

77.4 

71.5 

69.0 

68.7 

73.9 

Operating income 

16.0 

20.5 

20.5 

22.6 

28.5 

31.0 

31.3 

26.1 

Other Income/(Expenses) 

Interest expense 

(5.1) 

(5.2) 

(4.8) 

(4.8) 

(4.8) 

(4.8) 

(3.5) 

(3.2) 
 
 (Loss)/gain on revaluation of deferred consideration 

(48.3) 

107.6 

3.0 

(21.7) 

(3.8) 

2.2 

0.7 

4.0 

Interest income 

1.3 

1.1 

1.0 

1.0 

1.1 

0.9 

0.3 

0.3 

Impairments 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

(20.3) 

n/a 

(0.4) 
 
 Other losses and gains, net 

(2.5) 

(7.3) 

(5.8) 

(31.5) 

(1.7) 

(0.9) 

0.1 

(8.3) 

(Loss)/income before income taxes 

(38.6) 

116.8 

13.8 

(34.4) 

19.3 

8.1 

28.9 

18.5 

Income tax (benefit)/expense 

(0.0) 

4.6 

3.5 

(21.3) 

5.2 

0.6 

5.6 

(2.8) 

Net (loss)/income 

(38.6) 

112.2 

10.4 

(13.1) 

14.1 

7.5 

23.3 

21.3 

Q4/22 
 
 Q3/22 
 
 Q2/22 
 
 Q1/22 
 
 Q4/21 
 
 Q3/21 
 
 Q2/21 
 
 Q1/21 

Operating Statistics 

GLOBAL ETPs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

70,878 

74,302 

79,407 

77,479 

72,783 

73,948 

69,537 

67,392 

Inflows/(outflows) 

5,264 

1,747 

3,852 

1,319 

1,902 

548 

931 

1,279 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

5,844 

(5,171) 

(8,953) 

609 

2,809 

(1,713) 

3,484 

866 

Fund closures 

(4) 

(15) 

(4) 

End of period assets 

81,986 

70,878 

74,302 

79,407 

77,479 

72,783 

73,948 

69,537 

Average assets during the period 

77,654 

74,687 

77,744 

77,811 

75,990 

74,561 

73,630 

69,583 

Average advisory fee during the period 

0.36 

0.38 

0.39 

0.40 

0.40 

0.41 

0.40 

0.41 

Number of ETPs end of the period 

348 

347 

344 

341 

329 

322 

318 

313 

U.S. LISTED ETFs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

48,043 

47,255 

48,622 

48,210 

44,742 

45,129 

42,163 

38,517 

Inflows/(outflows) 

4,232 

3,812 

4,278 

2,250 

1,865 

612 

1,130 

1,343 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

3,700 

(3,024) 

(5,645) 

(1,838) 

1,618 

(999) 

1,836 

2,303 

Fund closures 

(15) 

End of period assets 

55,975 

48,043 

47,255 

48,622 

48,210 

44,742 

45,129 

42,163 

Average assets during the period 

53,659 

49,473 

48,275 

47,502 

46,942 

45,508 

44,183 

40,706 

Number of ETFs end of the period 

79 

78 

77 

77 

75 

73 

73 

68 

EUROPEAN LISTED ETPs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

22,835 

27,047 

30,785 

29,269 

28,041 

28,819 

27,374 

28,875 

Inflows/(outflows) 

1,032 

(2,065) 

(426) 

(931) 

37 

(64) 

(199) 

(64) 
 
 Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

2,144 

(2,147) 

(3,308) 

2,447 

1,191 

(714) 

1,648 

(1,437) 
 
 Fund closures 

(4) 

(4) 

End of period assets 

26,011 

22,835 

27,047 

30,785 

29,269 

28,041 

28,819 

27,374 

Average assets during the period 

23,995 

25,214 

29,469 

30,309 

29,048 

29,053 

29,447 

28,877 

Number of ETPs end of the period 

269 

269 

267 

264 

254 

249 

245 

245 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Q4/22 
 
 Q3/22 
 
 Q2/22 
 
 Q1/22 
 
 Q4/21 
 
 Q3/21 
 
 Q2/21 
 
 Q1/21 

PRODUCT CATEGORIES 

U.S. Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

20,952 

21,058 

23,738 

23,860 

21,383 

21,285 

20,019 

18,367 

Inflows/(outflows) 

1,022 

1,239 

306 

779 

783 

351 

191 

218 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

2,140 

(1,345) 

(2,986) 

(901) 

1,694 

(253) 

1,075 

1,434 

End of period assets 

24,114 

20,952 

21,058 

23,738 

23,860 

21,383 

21,285 

20,019 

Average assets during the period 

23,496 

22,541 

22,368 

23,138 

22,962 

21,793 

20,982 

19,320 

Commodity Currency 

Beginning of period assets 

19,561 

23,624 

26,302 

24,598 

23,825 

24,772 

23,657 

25,879 

Inflows/(outflows) 

796 

(2,179) 

(475) 

(1,053) 

(251) 

(249) 

(318) 

(661) 
 
 Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

1,731 

(1,884) 

(2,203) 

2,757 

1,024 

(698) 

1,433 

(1,561) 

End of period assets 

22,088 

19,561 

23,624 

26,302 

24,598 

23,825 

24,772 

23,657 

Average assets during the period 

20,346 

21,628 

25,767 

25,889 

24,421 

24,853 

25,550 

25,289 

Fixed Income 

Beginning of period assets 

11,695 

9,192 

5,418 

4,356 

3,530 

3,442 

3,246 

3,309 

Inflows/(outflows) 

3,392 

2,627 

4,038 

1,242 

838 

115 

168 

10 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

186 

(124) 

(264) 

(180) 

(12) 

(27) 

28 

(73) 

End of period assets 

15,273 

11,695 

9,192 

5,418 

4,356 

3,530 

3,442 

3,246 

Average assets during the period 

13,962 

10,077 

7,426 

4,691 

4,119 

3,503 

3,339 

3,238 

International Developed Market Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

9,183 

9,968 

11,422 

11,894 

11,181 

10,795 

9,991 

9,414 

Inflows/(outflows) 

40 

(115) 

79 

97 

440 

404 

399 

17 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

972 

(670) 

(1,533) 

(569) 

273 

(18) 

405 

560 

End of period assets 

10,195 

9,183 

9,968 

11,422 

11,894 

11,181 

10,795 

9,991 

Average assets during the period 

10,000 

10,032 

10,695 

11,543 

11,524 

11,149 

10,531 

9,796 

Emerging Market Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

7,495 

8,386 

9,991 

10,375 

10,666 

11,519 

10,477 

8,539 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(53) 

114 

(223) 

189 

(3) 

(149) 

530 

1,663 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

674 

(1,005) 

(1,382) 

(573) 

(288) 

(704) 

512 

275 

End of period assets 

8,116 

7,495 

8,386 

9,991 

10,375 

10,666 

11,519 

10,477 

Average assets during the period 

7,770 

8,329 

9,155 

10,116 

10,550 

11,038 

11,012 

9,875 

Leveraged Inverse 

Beginning of period assets 

1,523 

1,618 

1,856 

1,775 

1,663 

1,691 

1,519 

1,475 

Inflows/(outflows) 

59 

45 

90 

(2) 

10 

41 

(2) 

(5) 
 
 Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

172 

(140) 

(328) 

83 

102 

(69) 

174 

49 

End of period assets 

1,754 

1,523 

1,618 

1,856 

1,775 

1,663 

1,691 

1,519 

Average assets during the period 

1,623 

1,589 

1,765 

1,830 

1,761 

1,715 

1,664 

1,554 

Alternatives 

Beginning of period assets 

306 

305 

293 

261 

222 

198 

227 

215 

Inflows/(outflows) 

12 

16 

34 

29 

56 

22 

(39) 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(8) 

(15) 

(22) 

3 

(17) 

2 

10 

12 

End of period assets 

310 

306 

305 

293 

261 

222 

198 

227 

Average assets during the period 

305 

313 

299 

275 

229 

214 

231 

223 

Cryptocurrency 

Beginning of period assets 

163 

151 

383 

357 

295 

229 

377 

168 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(4) 

3 

37 

28 

12 

8 

36 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(23) 

12 

(235) 

(11) 

34 

54 

(156) 

173 

End of period assets 

136 

163 

151 

383 

357 

295 

229 

377 

Average assets during the period 

152 

178 

265 

324 

406 

277 

300 

264 

Closed ETPs 

Beginning of period assets 

4 

3 

18 

17 

24 

26 

Inflows/(outflows) 

1 

1 

1 

(6) 

1 

Market (depreciation)/appreciation 

(1) 

3 

(3) 
 
 Fund closures 

(4) 

(15) 

(4) 

End of period assets 

4 

3 

18 

17 

24 

Average assets during the period 

4 

5 

18 

19 

21 

24 

Headcount 

273 

274 

264 

253 

241 

235 

227 

227 
 
 Note: Previously issued statistics may be restated due to fund closures and trade adjustments Source: WisdomTree 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measurements In an effort to provide additional information regarding our results as determined by GAAP, we also disclose certain non-GAAP information which we believe provides useful and meaningful information. Our management reviews these non-GAAP financial measurements when evaluating our financial performance and results of operations; therefore, we believe it is useful to provide information with respect to these non-GAAP measurements so as to share this perspective of management. Non-GAAP measurements do not have any standardized meaning, do not replace nor are superior to GAAP financial measurements and are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measurements should be considered in the context with our GAAP results. The non-GAAP financial measurements contained in this Report include: 

Adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share. We disclose adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share as non-GAAP financial measurements in order to report our results exclusive of items that are non-recurring or not core to our operating business. We believe presenting these non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with a consistent way to analyze our performance. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the following: 

Unrealized gains or losses on the revaluation of deferred consideration: Deferred consideration is an obligation we assumed in connection with the ETFS Acquisition that is carried at fair value. This item represents the present value of an obligation to pay fixed ounces of gold into perpetuity and is measured using forward-looking gold prices. Changes in the forward-looking price of gold and changes in the discount rate used to compute the present value of the annual payment obligations may have a material impact on the carrying value of the deferred consideration and our reported financial results. We exclude this item when arriving at adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share as it is not core to our operating business. The item is not adjusted for income taxes as the obligation was assumed by a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours that is based in Jersey, a jurisdiction where we are subject to a zero percent tax rate. 

Gains or losses on financial instruments owned: We account for our financial instruments owned as trading instruments, which requires these instruments to be measured at fair value with gains and losses reported in net income. In the third quarter of 2021, we began excluding these items when calculating our non-GAAP financial measurements as these instruments have become a more meaningful percentage of total assets and the gains and losses introduce volatility in earnings and are not core to our operating business. 

Tax shortfalls and windfalls upon vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation awards: GAAP requires the recognition of tax windfalls and shortfalls within income tax expense. These items arise upon the vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation awards and the magnitude is directly correlated to the number of awards vesting/exercised as well as the difference between the price of our stock on the date the award was granted and the date the award vested or was exercised. We exclude these items when determining adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share as they introduce volatility in earnings and are not core to our operating business. 

Other items: Unrealized gains and losses recognized on our investments, changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances, expenses incurred in response to an activist campaign, impairment charges, interest expense from the amortization of discount arising from the bifurcation of the conversion option embedded in the Convertible Notes (prior to January 1, 2021, the effective date of Accounting Standards Update 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options, Cash Conversion ), a loss on extinguishment of debt, a gain arising from an adjustment to the estimated fair value of consideration received from the exit of our investment in AdvisorEngine, a gain recognized upon the sale of our Canadian ETF business (including the remeasurement of contingent consideration) and acquisition and disposition-related costs are excluded when calculating our non-GAAP financial measurements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended 

Dec. 31, 
 
 Dec. 31, 
 
 Dec. 31, 
 
 Adjusted Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share: 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Net income/(loss), as reported 

50,684 

49,797 

(35,655) 
 
 (Deduct)/add back: (Gain)/loss on revaluation of deferred consideration 

(27,765) 

(2,018) 

56,821 

Add back: Losses on financial instruments owned, at fair value, net of income taxes 

12,505 

2,507 

Add back: Increase in deferred tax valuation allowance on financial instruments owned and investments 

4,729 

Add back: Expenses incurred in response to an activist campaign, net of income taxes 

3,376 

Deduct: Decrease in deferred tax valuation allowance on net operating losses of a European subsidiary 

(1,609) 

(Deduct)/add back: Tax (windfalls)/shortfalls upon vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation awards 

(541) 

(110) 

691 

Add back/(deduct): Unrealized loss/(gain) recognized on our investments, net of income taxes 

290 

(284) 

Add back: Impairments, net of income taxes 

12,247 

21,998 

Deduct: Gain recognized from the sale of Canadian ETF business, including remeasurement of contingent consideration 

(787) 

(2,877) 
 
 Deduct: Release of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance recognized on interest carryforwards arising from debt previously outstanding in the U.K. 

(2,615) 
 
 Add back: Loss on extinguishment of debt, net of income taxes 

1,910 

Deduct: Gain arising from an adjustment to the estimated fair value of consideration received from the exit of investment in AdvisorEngine 

(1,093) 
 
 Add back: Interest expense from the amortization of discount arising from the bifurcation of the conversion option embedded in the Convertible Notes, net of income taxes 

642 

Add back: Acquisition and disposition-related costs, net of income taxes 

383 

Adjusted net income 

41,669 

61,352 

40,205 

Deduct: Income distributed to participating securities 

(2,186) 

(2,168) 

(2,216) 
 
 Deduct: Undistributed income allocable to participating securities 

(2,509) 

(4,630) 

(2,214) 

Adjusted net income available to common stockholders 

36,974 

54,554 

35,775 

Weighted average diluted shares, excluding participating securities (See Note 21 to our Consolidated Financial Statements) 

143,295 

145,055 

148,688 

Adjusted earnings per share diluted 

0.26 

0.38 

0.24 

Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table summarizes key data regarding our liquidity, capital resources and use of capital to fund our operations: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Balance Sheet Data (in thousands) : 

Cash and cash equivalents 

132,101 

140,709 

Financial instruments owned, at fair value 

126,239 

127,166 

Accounts receivable 

30,549 

31,864 

Securities held-to-maturity 

259 

308 

Total: Liquid assets 

289,148 

300,047 

Less: Total current liabilities 

(148,434) 

(83,667) 
 
 Less: Other assets seed capital 

(1,765) 

Less: Regulatory capital requirements 

(25,988) 

(12,320) 

Total: Available liquidity 

112,961 

204,060 

60 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Cash Flow Data (in thousands) : 

Operating cash flows 

55,087 

75,318 

47,136 

Investing cash flows 

(37,657) 

(99,632) 

10,641 

Financing cash flows 

(22,780) 

92,553 

(60,179) 
 
 Foreign exchange rate effect 

(3,258) 

(955) 

855 

(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(8,608) 

67,284 

(1,547) 

Liquidity We consider our available liquidity to be our liquid assets, less our current liabilities and regulatory capital requirements of certain European subsidiaries. Liquid assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, financial instruments owned, at fair value, accounts receivable and securities held-to-maturity. Our financial instruments owned, at fair value are highly liquid investments. Accounts receivable are current assets and primarily represent receivables from advisory fees we earn from our ETPs. Our current liabilities consist primarily of payments owed to vendors and third parties in the normal course of business, deferred consideration and accrued incentive compensation for employees. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 8.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to 55.1 million of net cash provided by operating activities and 52.1 million of proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair value. These increases were partly offset by 67.7 million used to purchase financial instruments owned, at fair value, 21.9 million used to purchase investments, 19.4 million used to pay dividends, 3.4 million used to repurchase our common stock and 3.4 million from other activities. Cash and cash equivalents increased 67.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to 150.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of Convertible Notes, 75.3 million of net cash provided by operating activities, 19.4 million of proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair value and 2.4 million of proceeds from the receipt of contingent consideration from the sale of our Canadian ETF business. These increases were partly offset by 115.5 million used to purchase financial instruments owned, at fair value, 34.5 million used to repurchase our common stock, 19.5 million used to pay dividends on our common stock, 5.8 million used to purchase investments, 4.3 million used to pay Convertible Notes issuance costs and 0.2 million from other activities. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 due to 179.0 million used to repay our debt, 36.4 million used to purchase financial instruments owned, at fair value, 31.2 million used to repurchase our common stock, 20.1 million used to pay dividends on our common stock and 5.4 million used to pay Convertible Notes issuance costs. These decreases were partly offset by 175.3 million of proceeds from the issuance of Convertible Notes, 47.1 million of net cash provided by operating activities, 18.7 million of proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair value, 16.5 million of proceeds from held-to-maturity securities maturing or called prior to maturity, 9.6 million of proceeds from the sale of our financial interests in AdvisorEngine, 2.8 million of net proceeds from the sale of our Canadian ETF business and 0.6 million from other activities. Issuance of Convertible Notes On February 14, 2023, we issued and sold 130.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2023 Notes pursuant to an indenture dated February 14, 2023, between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144A ). On June 14, 2021, we issued and sold 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2021 Notes pursuant to an indenture dated June 14, 2021, between us and the trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. On June 16, 2020, we issued and sold 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the June 2020 Notes pursuant to an indenture dated June 16, 2020, between us and the trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. On August 13, 2020, we issued and sold 25.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount thereof, plus interest deemed to have accrued since June 16, 2020, which constitute a further issuance of, and form a single series with, our June 2020 Notes (the August 2020 Notes and together with the June 2020 Notes, the 2020 Notes ). In connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, we repurchased 115.0 million of aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes. As a result of this repurchase, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of approximately 9.7 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

After the issuance of the 2023 Notes (and together with the remaining 2020 Notes and the 2021 Notes, the Convertible Notes ), we had 340.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes outstanding. Key terms of the Convertible Notes are as follows: 

2023 Notes 
 
 2021 Notes 
 
 2020 Notes 

Principal outstanding 
 
 130.0 
 
 150.0 
 
 60.0 
 
 Maturity date (unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed) 
 
 August 15, 2028 
 
 June 15, 2026 
 
 June 15, 2023 
 
 Interest rate 
 
 5.75 
 
 3.25 
 
 4.25 
 
 Conversion price 
 
 9.54 
 
 11.04 
 
 5.92 
 
 Conversion rate 
 
 104.8658 
 
 90.5797 
 
 168.9189 
 
 Redemption price 
 
 12.40 
 
 14.35 
 
 7.70 

Interest rate: Payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year for the 2023 Notes (beginning on August 15, 2023) and June 15 and December 15 of each year for the 2020 Notes and the 2021 Notes. 

Conversion price: Convertible at an initial conversion rate into shares of our common stock, per 1,000 principal amount of notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price set forth in the table above), subject to adjustment. 

Conversion: Holders may convert at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2028, March 15, 2026 and March 15, 2023 for the 2023 Notes, 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively, only under the following circumstances: (i) if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the conversion price for the respective Convertible Notes on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sales price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) upon a notice of redemption delivered by us in accordance with the terms of the indentures but only with respect to the Convertible Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2028, March 15, 2026 and March 15, 2023 in respect of the 2023 Notes, 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

Cash settlement of principal amount: Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be converted. At our election, we will also settle our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes being converted in either cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. 

Redemption price: We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Convertible Notes, at our option, on or after August 20, 2025, June 20, 2023 and June 20, 2021 in respect of the 2023 Notes, 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively, and on or prior to the 55th scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least 130 of the conversion price for the respective Convertible Notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days, including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. 

Limited investor put rights: Holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require us to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their notes at 100 of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting events. 

Conversion rate increase in certain customary circumstances: In certain circumstances, conversions in connection with a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indentures) or conversions of Convertible Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption may result in an increase to the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed 167.7853 shares, 144.9275 shares and 270.2702 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2023 Notes, 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively (the equivalent of 59,767,426 shares of our common stock), subject to adjustment. 

Seniority and Security: The Convertible Notes rank equal in right of payment, and are our senior unsecured obligations, but are subordinated in right of payment to our obligations to make certain redemption payments (if and when due) in respect of its Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 62 

Table of Contents 

The indentures contain customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued special interest, if any, to be immediately due and payable. Capital Resources Our principal source of financing is our operating cash flow. We believe that current cash flows generated by our operating activities and existing cash balances should be sufficient for us to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. Our ability to satisfy our contractual obligations as they arise are discussed in the section titled Contractual Obligations below. Use of Capital Our business does not require us to maintain a significant cash position. However, certain of our subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum level of regulatory capital, which at December 31, 2022 was approximately 26.0 million in the aggregate. Notwithstanding these regulatory capital requirements, we expect that our main uses of cash will be to fund the ongoing operations of our business. We also maintain a capital return program which includes a 0.03 per share quarterly cash dividend and authority to purchase our common stock through April 27, 2025, including purchases to offset future equity grants made under our equity plans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 593,261 shares of our common stock under the repurchase program for an aggregate cost of 3.4 million. Currently, approximately 100.0 million remains under this program for future purchases. Contractual Obligations Convertible Notes We currently have 340.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes outstanding, of which 60.0 million, 150.0 million and 130.0 million are scheduled to mature on June 15, 2023, June 15, 2026 and August 15, 2028, respectively, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed. Conditional conversions or a requirement to repurchase the Convertible Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change may accelerate payment. The Convertible Notes require cash settlement of the principal amount, while settlement of the conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount may be satisfied in either cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. We currently anticipate refinancing these obligations when due. See the section titled Issuance of Convertible Notes above for additional information. Deferred consideration gold payments Deferred consideration represents an obligation we assumed in April 2018 in connection with our acquisition of the European exchange-traded commodity, currency and leveraged-and-inverse business of ETFS Capital. The obligation is for fixed payments to ETFS Capital of physical gold bullion equating to 9,500 ounces of gold per year through March 31, 2058 and then subsequently reduced to 6,333 ounces of gold per year continuing into perpetuity Contractual Gold Payments ). The present value of the deferred consideration was 200.3 million at December 31, 2022. The Contractual Gold Payments are paid from advisory fee income generated by any of our sponsored financial products backed by physical gold with no recourse back to us for any unpaid amounts that exceed advisory fees earned. See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Operating Leases Total future minimum lease payments with respect to our operating lease liabilities were 1.5 million at December 31, 2022. Cash flows generated by our operating activities and existing cash balances should be sufficient to satisfy the future minimum lease payments. See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet financing or other arrangements and have neither created nor are party to any special-purpose or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital, incurring debt or operating our business. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually and at the time of a triggering event requiring re-evaluation, if one were to occur. Goodwill is considered impaired when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit that was allocated the goodwill is less than its carrying value. If the estimated fair value of such reporting unit is less than its carrying value, goodwill impairment is recognized based on that difference, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment provided that the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. Goodwill is allocated to our U.S. Business and European Business components. For impairment testing purposes, these components are aggregated as a single reporting unit as they fall under the same operating segment and have similar economic characteristics. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually on November 30 th . When performing our goodwill impairment test, we consider a qualitative assessment, when appropriate, and the market approach and its market capitalization when determining the fair value of the reporting unit. The results of our analysis indicated no impairment based upon a quantitative assessment. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired if their estimated fair value is less than their carrying value. We may rely on a qualitative assessment when performing our intangible asset impairment test. Otherwise, the impairment evaluation is performed at the lowest level of reasonably identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. The annual impairment testing date for our intangible assets is November 30 th . The results of our analysis identified no indicators of impairment to be recognized based upon a quantitative assessment (discounted cash flow analysis) which relied upon significant unobservable inputs including projected revenue growth rates ranging from 3 to 8 (5 weighted average) and a weighted average cost of capital of 11.0 . Investments We account for equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value under the measurement alternative prescribed within ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , to the extent such investments are not subject to consolidation or the equity method. Under the measurement alternative, these financial instruments are carried at cost, less any impairment (assessed quarterly), plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. In addition, income is recognized when dividends are received only to the extent they are distributed from net accumulated earnings of the investee. Otherwise, such distributions are considered returns of investment and are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the investment. See Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information. Investments in debt instruments are accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in other income/(expenses). Deferred consideration gold payments Deferred consideration represents the present value of an obligation to pay gold to a third party into perpetuity and is measured using forward-looking gold prices observed on the CMX exchange, a selected discount rate and perpetual growth rate. The weighted average forward-looking gold price per ounce, discount rate and perpetual growth rate were 2,237, 11.0 and 1.3 , respectively, at December 31, 2022. Changes in the fair value of this obligation are reported as gain/(loss) on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a gain on deferred consideration gold payments of 27.8 million. A 1.0 increase in the weighted average forward-looking gold price per ounce would have reduced this reported gain by 1.4 million, a 1 percentage point increase in the discount rate would have increased this reported gain by 17.2 million and a 1 percentage point increase in the perpetual growth rate would have reduced this reported gain by 13.5 million. See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Revenue Recognition We earn substantially all of our revenue in the form of advisory fees from our ETPs and recognize this revenue over time, as the performance obligation is satisfied. Advisory fees are based on a percentage of the ETPs average daily net assets. Progress is measured using the practical expedient under the output method resulting in the recognition of revenue in the amount for which we have a right to invoice. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements On January 1, 2021, we early adopted ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (ASU 2020-06) under the modified retrospective approach. Under the ASU, the accounting for convertible instruments was simplified by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. Accordingly, more convertible instruments are reported as a single liability or equity with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. Certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception are removed and, as a result, more equity contracts will qualify for the scope exception. The ASU also simplifies the diluted earnings-per-share calculation in certain areas. Upon the adoption of this ASU, we reclassified the equity component related to the Convertible Notes, net of deferred taxes, reducing accumulated deficit by 0.6 million, increasing the carrying value of the Convertible Notes by 4.1 million, reducing additional paid-in capital by 3.7 million and reducing deferred tax liabilities by 1.0 million. These updates also reduced interest expense recognized on our Convertible Notes by approximately 0.4 million per quarter. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. On January 1, 2021, we adopted ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (ASU 2019-12). The main objective of the standard is to reduce complexity in the accounting for income taxes by removing the following exceptions: (1) exception to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation when there is a loss from continuing operations and income or a gain from other items (for example, discontinued operations or other comprehensive income); (2) exception to the requirement to recognize a deferred tax liability for equity method investments when a foreign subsidiary becomes an equity method investment; (3) exception to the ability not to recognize a deferred tax liability for a foreign subsidiary when a foreign equity method investment becomes a subsidiary; and (4) exception to the general methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period when a year-to-date loss exceeds the anticipated loss for the year. The standard also simplifies the accounting for income taxes by enacting the following: (a) requiring that an entity recognize a franchise tax (or similar tax) that is partially based on income as an income-based tax and account for any incremental amount as a non-income-based tax; (b) requiring that an entity evaluate when a step up in the tax basis of goodwill should be considered part of the business combination in which the book goodwill was originally recognized and when it should be considered as a separate transaction; (c) specifying that an entity is not required to allocate the consolidated amount of current and deferred tax expense to a legal entity that is not subject to tax in its separate financial statements; and (d) requiring that an entity reflect the enacted change in tax laws or rates in the annual effective tax rate computation in the interim period that includes the enactment date. We have determined that the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The following information, together with information included in other parts of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, describes key aspects of our market risk. Market Risk Market risk to us generally represents the risk of changes in the value of our ETPs that results from fluctuations in securities or commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar, and interest rates. Nearly all our revenues are derived from advisory agreements for the WisdomTree ETPs. Under these agreements, the advisory fee we receive is based on the average market value of the assets in the WisdomTree ETP portfolios we manage. Fluctuations in the value of the ETPs are common and are generated by numerous factors such as market volatility, the global economy, inflation, changes in investor strategies and sentiment, availability of alternative investment vehicles, domestic and foreign government regulations, emerging markets developments and others. Accordingly, changes in any one or a combination of these factors may reduce the value of investment securities and, in turn, the underlying AUM on which our revenues are earned. These declines may cause investors to withdraw funds from our ETPs in favor of investments that they perceive as offering greater opportunity or lower risk, thereby compounding the impact on our revenues. We believe challenging and volatile market conditions will continue to be present in the foreseeable future. Interest Rate Risk We invest our corporate cash in short-term interest earning assets, primarily in federal agency debt instruments, WisdomTree fixed income ETFs, U.S. treasuries, corporate bonds, money market instruments at a commercial bank and other financial instruments which totaled 139.0 million and 127.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we recognized losses on these financial instruments of 3.7 million and 16.5 million, respectively, and any losses recognized in the future may be material to our operating results. We do not anticipate that changes in interest rates will have a material impact on our financial condition or cash flows. In addition, our Convertible Notes bear interest at fixed rates of 5.75 , 3.25 and 4.25 for the 2023 Notes, 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively. Therefore, we have no direct financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of the Convertible Notes changes primarily when the market price of our common stock fluctuates or interest rates change. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Exchange Rate Risk We are subject to currency translation exposure on the results of our non-U.S. operations, primarily in the U.K. and Europe. Foreign currency translation risk is the risk that exchange rate gains or losses arise from translating foreign entities statements of earnings and balance sheets from functional currency to our reporting currency (the U.S. dollar) for consolidation purposes. The advisory fees earned on our European listed ETPs are predominantly in U.S. dollars (and also paid in gold ounces, as described below); however, expenses for corporate overhead are generally incurred in British pounds. Currently, we do not enter into derivative financial instruments aimed at offsetting certain exposures in the statement of operations or the balance sheet but may seek to do so in the future. Exchange rate risk associated with the euro is not considered to be significant. Commodity and Cryptocurrency Price Risk Fluctuations in the prices of commodities and cryptocurrencies that are linked to certain of our ETPs could have a material adverse effect on our AUM and revenues. In addition, a portion of the advisory fee revenues we receive on our ETPs backed by gold, other precious metals and cryptocurrencies are paid in the underlying metal or cryptocurrency. In addition, we pay gold ounces to satisfy our deferred consideration obligation (See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). While we readily sell the gold, precious metals and cryptocurrencies that we earn under these advisory contracts, we still may maintain a position. We currently do not enter into arrangements to hedge against fluctuations in the price of these commodities and cryptocurrencies and any hedging we may undertake in the future may not be cost-effective or sufficient to hedge against this exposure. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The report of the independent registered public accounting firm and financial statements listed in the accompanying index are included in Item 15 of this Report. See Index to our Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Report. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of December 31, 2022, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level in ensuring that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules, regulations and forms of the SEC, including ensuring that such material information is accumulated by and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on the assessment, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION The information included in this Item 9B is provided in lieu of filing such information on a Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensation Arrangements of Certain Officers. Executive Severance Plan and Employee Confidentiality, Assignment and Restrictive Covenant Agreement On February 23, 2023, the Compensation Committee (the Committee of our Board of Directors adopted the WisdomTree, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan ), pursuant to which, effective immediately, Bryan Edmiston, our Chief Financial Officer, and William Peck, our Head of Digital Assets, and, effective March 1, 2023, David Yates, our Chief Information Officer, may be eligible for severance benefits as eligible participants (as defined in the Severance Plan) under the Severance Plan. In connection with becoming an eligible participant under the Severance Plan, each eligible participant will enter into an Employee Confidentiality, Assignment and Restrictive Covenant Agreement Restrictive Covenant Agreement ), which contains employee confidentiality, assignment of inventions and non-solicitation of employees provisions, as well as non-competition provisions which are applicable as described below. In addition, the Committee authorized us to amend the employment agreement of Alexis Marinof, our Head of Europe, to provide for the same benefits as provided under the Severance Plan and to contain the provisions of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, in each case as may be applicable and permitted under the laws of the United Kingdom. A summary of the material terms of the severance benefits provided under the Severance Plan follows: Termination for Any Reason . The Severance Plan provides that if we terminate an eligible participant s employment for any reason, we will pay the eligible participant his or her accrued but unpaid base salary and, if applicable, accrued but unused vacation, through the termination date and, except in the case of (i) a resignation by the eligible participant for good reason (as defined in the Severance Plan), (ii) a termination of the eligible participant s employment by us for cause (as defined in the Severance Plan) or (iii) the eligible participant having already received payment, prior to the termination date, of his or her incentive compensation for the prior year, a pro rata portion of an amount equal to 50 of the incentive compensation that the eligible participant would have received in respect of the year prior to the year of termination, based upon our performance. Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason . If (i) we terminate the eligible participant s employment other than due to the eligible participant s death or disability (as defined in the Severance Plan) or for cause or (ii) the eligible participant resigns for good reason (either of (i) or (ii), an Involuntary Termination and the eligible participant (A) enters into a fully effective release agreement and complies with such release and (B) complies with the terms of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, including a three-month non-competition covenant from the date of termination, we will pay the eligible participant: 

one year s base salary Annual Base Salary 

a pro rata portion of an amount equal to 50 of the average incentive compensation that the eligible participant received in the preceding three fiscal years, multiplied by our budgeted incentive compensation pool funding percentage in the year of termination Termination Year Cash Incentive Compensation and 

50 of the average incentive compensation paid to the eligible participant in the preceding three fiscal years Average Cash Incentive Compensation ). The Termination Year Cash Incentive Compensation will be paid when we pay incentive compensation for the termination year to non-terminated senior executives. The Annual Base Salary and Average Cash Incentive Compensation will be paid in substantially equal installments over a 12-month period. The eligible participant also may elect to have us pay for COBRA insurance coverage for up to one-year following the date of termination. In addition, any equity award that would have vested in the 12-month period that immediately follows the date of termination will accelerate and vest, and any remaining unvested awards will remain outstanding for 12 months following the date of termination and, if a change of control (as defined in the Severance Plan) occurs within 12 months after the date of termination, the eligible participant will be entitled to any accelerated vesting with respect to the equity awards that the eligible participant would have been entitled to if he or she had remained employed through the date of the change of control. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Involuntary Termination Within 18 Months After a Change of Control . In the event of the eligible participant s Involuntary Termination within 18 months after a change of control, if the eligible participant (i) enters into a fully effective release agreement and complies with such release and (ii) complies with the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, including a 12-month non-competition covenant from the date of termination, in lieu of the payments and benefits described above under the heading Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason, we will pay the eligible participant: 

an amount equal to 1.75 times the Annual Base Salary; 

a pro rata portion of the Average Cash Incentive Compensation based on the number of days the eligible participant was employed during the year of termination; and 

an amount equal to 1.75 times the Average Cash Incentive Compensation. Such amounts will be paid in one lump sum. The eligible participant also may elect to have us pay for COBRA insurance coverage for up to 21-months following the date of termination. In addition, any equity awards subject solely to time-based vesting that would have vested in the 21-month period that immediately follows the date of termination will accelerate and vest. Equity awards subject to performance-based vesting will vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement. Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation Without Good Reason . If we terminate the eligible participant s employment for cause or the eligible participant voluntarily resigns without good reason, we may elect to enforce a three-month non-competition covenant as provided in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement in consideration for which we will pay the eligible participant: (i) 25 of the Annual Base Salary; (ii) an amount equal to 12.5 of the average incentive compensation paid to the eligible participant in the preceding three fiscal years; and (iii) an amount equal to 25 of the value of any equity awards subject solely to time-based vesting that would have vested in the one-year period following the date of termination if no termination had occurred. Such amounts will be paid in substantially equal installments over a three-month period. The eligible participant also may elect to have us pay for COBRA insurance coverage for up to three-months following the date of termination, subject to the eligible participant s continued compliance with the three-month non-competition covenant. The benefits of the Severance Plan summarized above are generally subject to the eligible participant s continuing compliance with any obligations relating to confidentiality, assignment of inventions, or other restrictive covenants (including the non-competition covenants described above) in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, as applicable. If we make payments to an eligible participant as described under Involuntary Termination Within 18 Months After a Change of Control, and there is a breach by the eligible participant of the 12-month non-competition covenant, we have a right to recover payments made during such period of non-compliance. Amendment to Executive Employment Agreements for each of Jonathan Steinberg, Peter M. Ziemba, R. Jarrett Lilien and Marci Frankenthaler On February 23, 2023, the Committee approved an amendment (the Amendment to the executive employment agreements (the Executive Employment Agreements for each of Jonathan Steinberg, our Chief Executive Officer, R. Jarrett Lilien, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Peter M. Ziemba, our Chief Administrative Officer, and Marci Frankenthaler, our Chief Legal Officer. The Amendment modifies each of the Executive Employment Agreements to provide for the below changes, which align with the terms of the Severance Plan and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement: 

to replace the employee confidentiality, assignment of inventions, non-solicitation of employees and non-competition provisions, primarily to include expanded definitions applicable to the three-month non-competition covenant and the 12-month non-competition covenant described above; and 

to expand the definition of a change of control as currently defined in the Executive Employment Agreements to include a Change in Control Event within the meaning of the WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 2022 Equity Plan. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K
 regarding directors and officers will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, or in an amendment to this Form 10-K,
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K
 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement or in an amendment to this Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at https://ir.wisdomtree.com/corporate-governance
 /governance-documents
. 
 We will post any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address and location specified above. 
 The information required by Item 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K
 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement or in an amendment to this Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 402 and Item 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K
 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement or in an amendment to this Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 201(d) and Item 403 of Regulation S-K
 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement or in an amendment to this Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
 
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 404 and Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K
 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement or in an amendment to this Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
 
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, NewYork, New York, PCAOB Auditor ID . 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A will be contained in our definitive proxy statement or in an amendment to this Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS;
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a). The following are filed as part of this Report: 

1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements
: The consolidated financial statements and reports of independent registered public accounting firm required by this item are included beginning on page F-1.

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules
: None. 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is shown either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 (b). Exhibits: The list of exhibits in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits to this Report is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

ITEM 16. FORM
 
 10-K
 SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Financial Statements

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-8

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-9

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-10

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-1 1

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of WisdomTree, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) 

and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Deferred Consideration 

Description of the Matter

At December 31, 2022, Company recorded a current deferred consideration liability of 16,796,000 and a long-term deferred consideration liability of 183,494,000 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain on the revaluation of deferred consideration of 27,765,000. As more fully described in Notes 2, 5 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, deferred consideration represents an obligation of the Company for fixed payments of physical gold bullion to a third party into perpetuity that is carried at fair value. The Company values deferred consideration using a discounted cash flow model and the significant unobservable inputs used are the discount rate, the perpetual growth rate and the extrapolated forward-looking gold prices. 

Auditing the Company s valuation of deferred consideration was complex due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the current and long-term liability. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to the significant unobservable inputs described above which are affected by future economic and market conditions and thus require significant judgment. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

How we addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s deferred consideration fair value process. This included controls over management s review of the significant unobservable inputs described above and the completeness and accuracy of the inputs to the valuation model. 

To test the estimated fair value of the deferred consideration liability, our audit procedures included, among others, reading the terms of the gold royalty agreement to make gold payments, evaluating the Company s selection of its fair value methodology, testing the significant unobservable inputs used in the model, evaluating the clerical accuracy of the valuation model and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company to determine fair value. For example, we agreed underlying data used in management s valuation model to source documents and/or publicly available data such as the gold royalty agreement and third-party gold price projections. In addition, we involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the Company s valuation model, the discount rate, the perpetual growth rate and forward looking gold prices used by the Company, to calculate an independent estimate of the fair value of the Company s deferred consideration liability which we compared to the Company s fair value estimate. 

ETFS Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Assessment of Carrying Value 

Description of the Matter 

At December 31, 2022, the Company held indefinite-lived intangible assets related to the right to manage assets under management through customary advisory agreements, which have no expiration date, in connection with the ETFS acquisition, with an aggregate carrying value of 601,247,000. As described in Notes 2 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements, these assets were assessed for impairment based upon a quantitative test. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired if their estimated fair values are less than their carrying values. The Company determined the fair value of its ETFS intangible assets using an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) with significant unobservable inputs that included the weighted average cost of capital and projected revenue growth rates. 

Auditing the Company s quantitative impairment assessment for its ETFS indefinite-lived intangible assets was complex due to the significant unobservable inputs required in determining fair value. In particular, the fair value estimate of the ETFS indefinite-lived intangible assets was sensitive to the significant unobservable inputs described above which are affected by future economic and market conditions and thus require significant judgment. 

How we addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment process. This included controls around management s review of the significant unobservable inputs described above and the completeness and accuracy of the inputs to the valuation model. 

To test the Company s quantitative impairment assessment of ETFS indefinite-lived intangible assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s selection of its fair value methodology, testing the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation model, evaluating the clerical accuracy of the valuation model and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company to determine fair value. For example, we agreed certain inputs used to calculate the weighted average cost of capital to market data. We compared the projected revenue growth rates to the Company s historical results, to those of other guideline public companies in the same industry, and to historical returns for the underlying asset classes. In addition, we assessed the accuracy of the Company s historical projections by comparing them to actual operating results. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the Company s valuation model, the weighted average cost of capital used by the Company and the comparability of the 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

guideline public companies selected by the Company and to calculate an independent estimate of the indefinite-lived intangible assets which we compared to the Company s fair value estimate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

New York, NY 

February 28, 2023 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of WisdomTree, Inc. 

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on 

the COSO criteria . 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ 

February 
 28

 , 2023

F-5

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Financial instruments owned, at fair value (including 
 and 
 invested in WisdomTree products 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Accounts receivable (including 
 and 
 due from related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Prepaid expenses

Other current assets

Total current assets

Fixed assets, net

Indemnification receivable (Note 22)

Securities held-to-maturity

Deferred tax assets, net

Investments (Note 8)

Right of use assets operating leases (Note 14)

Goodwill (Note 24)

Intangible assets, net (Note 24)

Other noncurrent assets

Total assets

Liabilities and stockholders equity

Liabilities

Current liabilities:

Convertible notes current (Notes 12 and 27)

Fund management and administration payable

Compensation and benefits payable

Deferred consideration gold payments (Note 10)

Income taxes payable

Operating lease liabilities (Note 14)

Accounts payable and other liabilities

Total current liabilities

Convertible notes (Notes 12 and 27)

Deferred consideration gold payments (Note 10)

Operating lease liabilities (Note 14)

Other noncurrent liabilities (Note 22)

Total liabilities

Preferred stock Series A Non-Voting
 Convertible, par value 
 
 ; 
 
 shares authorized, issued and outstanding; redemption value of 
 and 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) (Note 13)

Contingencies (Note 15)

Stockholders equity

Preferred stock, par value ; 
 
 shares authorized:

Common stock, par value ; 
 shares authorized; issued and outstanding: 
 and 
 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income

() 

Retained earnings/(accumulated deficit)

() 

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Operating Revenues:

Advisory fees

Other income

Total revenues

Operating Expenses:

Compensation and benefits

Fund management and administration

Marketing and advertising

Sales and business development

Contractual gold payments (Note 10)

Professional fees

Occupancy, communications and equipment

Depreciation and amortization

Third-party distribution fees

Acquisition and disposition-related costs

Other

Total operating expenses

Operating income

Other Income/(Expenses):

Interest expense

() 

() 

() 
 
 Gain/(loss) on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments (Note 10)

() 
 
 Interest income

Impairments (Note 26)

() 

() 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt (Note 11)

() 
 
 Other losses and gains, net

() 

() 

Income/(loss) before income taxes

() 
 
 Income tax (benefit)/expense

() 

Net income/(loss)

() 

Earnings/(loss) per share basic

() 

Earnings/(loss) per share diluted

() 

Weighted-average common shares basic

Weighted-average common shares diluted

Cash dividends declared per common share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 

(In Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net income/(loss)

() 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income

Reclassification of foreign currency translation adjustment to other losses and gains, net, upon the sale of WisdomTree Asset Management Canada, Inc. WTAMC or Canadian ETF business 

() 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income taxes

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income

() 

() 

Comprehensive income/(loss)

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

(In Thousands) 

Common Stock

Additional Paid-In
 Capital

Accumulated Other

 Comprehensive Income/(Loss)

Retained Earnings/

 (Accumulated Deficit)

Total

Shares Issued 

Par Value 

Balance January 1, 2020

() 

Restricted stock issued and vesting of restricted stock units, net

() 

Shares repurchased

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of stock options, net

Stock-based compensation

Allocation of equity component related to convertible notes, net of issuance
 costs of and deferred taxes of 

Other comprehensive income

Dividends

() 

() 
 
 Net loss

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020

() 

Reclassification of equity component related to convertible notes, net of deferred taxes of , upon the implementation of Accounting Standards Update 2020-06
 (Note 12)

() 

() 

Balance January 1, 2021 (as adjusted)

() 

Restricted stock issued and vesting of restricted stock units, net

() 

Shares repurchased

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of stock options, net

Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 
 
 Dividends

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2021

() 

Restricted 
stock 
issued 
and 
vesting 
of 
restricted 
stock 
units, 
net

() 

Shares repurchased

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 
 
 Dividends

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income/(loss)

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:

Advisory fees received in gold and other precious metals

()

() 

() 

Contractual gold payments

Losses/(gains) on financial instruments owned, at fair value

() 

Stock-based compensation

(Gain)/loss on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments

() 

() 

Amortization of issuance costs convertible notes

Deferred income taxes

() 

() 

Amortization of right of use asset

Depreciation and amortization

Impairments

Gain on sale Canadian ETF business, including remeasurement of contingent consideration

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt

Amortization of issuance costs former credit facility

Other

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses

() 

() 

() 

Gold and other precious metals

Other assets

() 

() 

Intangibles software development

() 

Fund management and administration payable

() 

Compensation and benefits payable

() 

Income taxes payable

() 

() 

Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value

() 

Operating lease liabilities

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and other liabilities

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of financial instruments owned, at fair value

() 

()

() 

Purchase of investments

() 

() 

Purchase of fixed assets

()

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair value

Proceeds from the sale of Canadian ETF business, net, including receipt of contingent consideration

Proceeds from held-to-maturity

 securities maturing or called prior to maturity

Proceeds from the sale of the Company s financial interests in AdvisorEngine Inc.

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities

()

() 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Dividends paid

() 

() 

() 

Shares repurchased

()

() 

() 

Convertible notes issuance costs

() 

() 

Repayment of debt

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes (Note 12)

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities

()

() 

(Decrease)/increase in cash flow due to changes in foreign exchange rate

()

() 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents

()

() 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents end of year

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid for 
 income 

 taxes

Cash paid for interest

NON-CASH
 ACTIVITIES 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company reclassified the equity component related to the convertible notes, net of deferred taxes, reducing accumulated deficit by , increasing the carrying value of the convertible notes by , reducing additional paid in capital by and reducing deferred tax liabilities by , upon the implementation of Accounting Standards Update ASU 

2020-06
 , Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options

 (Note 12). 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-1 0

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

to 
years 

Internally-developed software

years 
 
 The assets listed above are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. 

days or less at the time of purchase to be classified as cash equivalents. The Company maintains deposits with financial institutions in an amount that is in excess of federally insured limits. 

months or less. Instead, lease payments associated with short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 ASC 842 also provides a practical expedient which allows for consideration in a contract to be accounted for as a single lease component rather than allocated between lease and non-lease
 components. The Company has elected to apply this practical expedient to all lease contracts, where applicable. 

, increasing the carrying value of the convertible notes by , reducing additional paid-in
 capital by and reducing deferred tax liabilities by . These updates also reduced interest expense recognized on the Company s convertible notes by approximately per quarter and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Note 12) and the impact on earnings per share was negligible. 
 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASU 2019-12,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting 
for Income 
Taxes 

(ASU 2019-12).
 The main objective of the standard is to reduce complexity in the accounting for income taxes by removing

Disposition-Related Costs 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred disposition-related costs of , in connection with the sale of WTAMC. 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were held at two financial institutions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash equivalents were approximately and , respectively. 

Certain of the Company s subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum level of regulatory capital, which was 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These requirements are generally satisfied by cash on hand. 

Financial instruments owned, at fair value

ETFs

U.S. treasuries

Pass-through GSEs

Corporate bonds

Other assets seed capital

Investments in Convertible Notes

Securrency, Inc. convertible note (Note 8)

Fnality International Limited convertible note (Note 8)

Total

Non-recurring
 fair value measurements:

Other investments (1)

Liabilities:

Recurring fair value measurements:

Deferred consideration (Note 10)

(1)

Fair value determined on May 10, 2022. 

December 31, 2021

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Assets:

Recurring fair value measurements:

Cash equivalents

Financial instruments owned, at fair value

ETFs

Pass-through GSEs

Corporate bonds

Total

Non-recurring
 fair value measurements:

Securrency, Inc. Series A convertible preferred stock (1)

Liabilities:

Recurring fair value measurements:

Deferred consideration (Note 10)

(1)
 
 Fair value of and determined on June 9, 2021 and March 8, 2021, respectively (Note 8). 

 Recurring Fair Value Measurements - Methodology 

Cash Equivalents (Note 4) 

 These financial assets represent cash invested in highly liquid investments with original maturities of less th
an days. These investments are valued at par, which approximates fair value, and are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Financial instruments owned (Note 6) 

 Financial instruments owned are investments in ETFs, pass-through GSEs, U.S. treasuries, corporate bonds and other assets. ETFs and U.S. treasuries are generally traded in active, quoted and highly liquid

Purchases

Net unrealized losses (1)

() 

Ending balance

Deferred Consideration (Note 10)

Beginning balance

Net realized losses (2)

Net unrealized gains (3)

() 

() 

Settlements

() 

() 

Ending balance

1)

Recorded in other losses and gains, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

(2)

Recorded as contractual gold payments expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

(3)

Recorded as gain on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Other assets seed capital

The Company recognized net trading losses on financial instruments owned that were still held at the reporting dates of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were recorded in other losses and gains, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received proceeds of and , respectively, from held-to-maturity

 securities maturing or being called prior to maturity.

Gross unrealized losses

() 

Gross unrealized gains

Fair value

An allowance for credit losses was not provided on the Company s 
 held-to-maturity

 securities as all securities are investments in pass-through GSEs which are determined to have an estimated loss rate of zero due to an implicit U.S. government guarantee.

Due one year through five years

Due five years through ten years

Due over ten years

Total

Securrency, Inc. Series B convertible preferred stock

Securrency, Inc. convertible note

Subtotal Securrency, Inc.

Fnality International Limited convertible note

Other investments

Securrency, Inc. Preferred Stock 

The Company owns approximately (or on a fully-diluted basis) of the capital stock of Securrency, Inc. Securrency ), a developer of institutional-grade blockchain-based financial and regulatory technology, issued as a result of strategic investments totaling . In consideration of such investments, the Company received shares of Series A convertible preferred stock Series A Shares in December 2019 and shares of Series B convertible preferred stock Series B Shares in March 2021. The Series B Shares contain a liquidation preference that is pari passu with shares of Series B-1
 convertible preferred stock (which are substantially the same as the Series B Shares except that they have limited voting rights) and senior to that of the holders of the Series A Shares, which are senior to the holders of common stock. Otherwise, the Series A 
Shares and Series B Shares have substantially the same terms, are convertible into common stock at the option of the Company and contain various rights and protections including a non-cumulative
 dividend, payable if and when declared by the board of directors of Securrency. In addition, the Series A Shares and Series B Shares (together with the Series B-1
 convertible preferred stock) are separately redeemable, with respect to all of the shares outstanding of the applicable series of preferred stock (subject to certain regulatory restrictions of certain investors), for the original issue price thereof, plus all declared and unpaid dividends, upon approval by holders of at least of the Series A Shares (at any time on or after December 31, 2029) and of the Series B Shares (at any time on or after March 31, 2031). 
 
 These investments are accounted for under the measurement alternative prescribed in ASC 321, as they do not have a readily determinable fair value and are not considered to be in-substance
 common stock. The investments are assessed for impairment and similar observable transactions on a quarterly basis. There was no impairment recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 based upon a qualitative assessment. 

on its Series A Shares, which were re-measured
 to fair value upon the issuance of Securrency s Series B Shares. Fair value was determined using the backsolve method, a valuation approach that determines the value of shares for companies with complex capital structures based upon the price paid for shares recently issued. Fair value is allocated across the capital structure using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Time to exit (in years)

Securrency Convertible Note 

In April and November 2022, the Company participated in a convertible note financing, making an aggregate investment of in Securrency. In consideration for its investment, the Company was issued a Convertible Promissory Note maturing on . 

 The note is convertible into either Securrency s common stock or the class of securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or conferring the right to purchase Securrency s common stock that is issued in the event of a future equity financing at a conversion price equal to a discount of (or, if applicable, a greater discount offered to other holders of convertible securities in such future equity financing round) to the lowest price paid per equity share issued in the future equity financing round. 

The note is redeemable upon the occurrence of a corporate transaction for an amount which is the greater of (i) the principal amount and all accrued interest and (ii) the amount that would be received had the note been converted to common stock immediately prior to the occurrence of the corporate transaction. At maturity, redemption or conversion may occur upon the election by the holders of a majority-in-interest

 of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding notes. If no such election is made, Securrency may elect to pay or convert the notes in its sole discretion. 

when 
 re-measuring
 the notes to fair value.

Redemption of note upon a corporate transaction

Default

Time to potential outcome (in years)

Fnality International Limited Convertible Note 

In February 2022, the Company participated in a convertible note financing, making a investment in Fnality International Limited Fnality ), a company incorporated in England and Wales and 

 focused on creating a peer-to-peer

 digital wholesale settlement ecosystem comprised of a consortium of financial institutions, offering real time cross-border payments from a single pool of liquidity. In consideration for its investment, the Company was issued 
a Convertible Unsecured Loan Note maturing on . 
 The note is convertible into equity shares in the event of a future financing round at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) a discount of to lowest price paid per equity share issued pursuant to such future financing round and (ii) an amount paid per share subject to a pre-money
 valuation cap. Mandatory conversion may occur on or after the maturity date or, if earlier, in the event a future financing round has not been completed within a specified time from an initial closing of such financing round Long Stop Date ), upon the approval of holders of at least of the outstanding notes. The note is also convertible, at the option of the Company, following the earlier of the maturity date or such Long Stop Date. 
 The note is redeemable upon the occurrence of a change of control for an amount which is the greater of (i) the principal amount and all accrued interest and (ii) the amount that would be received had the note been converted to equity shares immediately prior to the occurrence of the change of control. Redemption may also occur on or after maturity or prior to maturity

and , respectively, of the outstanding notes, or in connection with bankruptcy or other liquidation events. 

 The note is accounted for at fair value. Fair value is determined by the Company using the PWERM and is also remeasured for changes in the British pound and U.S. dollar exchange rate. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a gain of when re-measuring
 the notes to fair value. 

Redemption of note upon a change of control

Default

Time to potential outcome (in years)

Less: accumulated depreciation

() 

() 

Total

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized an impairment charge of , representing the write-off
 of leasehold improvements and fixed assets in connection with the termination of the lease for its principal executive office at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York. See Notes 14
 and 26
 for additional information. 
 ounces of gold per year through March 31, 2058 and then subsequently reduced to ounces of gold continuing into perpetuity Contractual Gold Payments ). 

 The Contractual Gold Payments are paid from advisory fee income generated by any Company-sponsored financial product backed by physical gold and are subject to adjustment and reduction for declines in advisory fee income generated by such products, with any reduction remaining due and payable until paid in full. ETFS Capital s recourse is limited to such advisory fee income and it has no recourse back to the Company for any unpaid amounts that exceed advisory fees earned. ETFS Capital ultimately has the right to claw back Gold Bullion Securities Ltd. (a physically backed gold ETP issuer) if the Company fails to remit any amounts due. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 using 
 the following assumptions: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Forward-looking gold price (low) per ounce

Forward-looking gold price (high) per ounce

Forward-looking gold price (weighted average) per ounce

Discount rate

Perpetual growth rate

The forward-looking gold prices at December 31, 2022 were extrapolated from the last observable CMX exchange price (beyond 2028) and the weighted-average price per ounce was derived from the relative present values of the annual payment obligations. The perpetual growth rate at December 31, 2022 was determined based upon the increase in observable forward-looking gold prices through 2028. This obligation is classified as Level 3 as the discount rate, the extrapolated forward-looking

and and long-term amounts payable were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Contractual gold payments gold ounces paid

Gain/(loss) on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments (1)

() 

(1)

Gains on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments result from a decrease in spot gold prices, a decrease in the forward-looking price of gold, a decrease in the perpetual growth rate and an increase in the discount rate used to compute the present value of the annual payment obligations. Losses on revaluation of deferred consideration gold payments result from an increase in spot gold prices, an increase in the forward-looking price of gold, an increase in the perpetual growth rate and a decrease in the discount rate used to compute the present value of the annual payment obligations.

that was outstanding under its term loan and terminating the revolver. A loss on extinguishment of debt of 
 
was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020, which represented the 
 write-off

 of the remaining unamortized issuance costs. 

Interest expense recognized on the former credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2020 was 
 
 .

i n 
aggregate principal amount of C
onvertible Senior Notes due (the 2021 Notes 
 pursuant to an indenture dated June 14, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (or its successor in interest, the Trustee ), in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144A ). 

On June 16, 2020, the Company issued and sold in
 aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due (the June 2020 Notes pursuant to an indenture dated June 16, 2020, between the Company and the Trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. On August 13, 2020, the Company issued and sold in
 aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 
 
at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount thereof, plus interest deemed to have accrued since June 16, 2020, and constitute a further issuance of, and form a single series with, the Company s June 2020 Notes (the August 2020 Notes and together with the June 2020 Notes, the 2020 Notes ). 

After the issuance of the 2021 Notes (and together with the 2020 Notes, the Convertible Notes ), the Company had a g
gregate principal amount of Convertible Notes outstanding. 

Interest rate

Conversion price

Conversion rate

Redemption price

Interest rate:

 Payable semiannually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year. 

.

trading days during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sales price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) upon a notice of redemption delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of the indentures but only with respect to the Convertible Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after March 15, 2026 and March 15, 2023 in respect of the 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

Cash settlement of principal amount: 

Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be converted. At its election, the Company will also settle its conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes being converted in either cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. 

trading days, including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. 

Limited investor put rights:

 Holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their notes at of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting events. 

Conversion rate increase in certain customary circumstances:

 In certain circumstances, conversions in connection with a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indentures) or conversions of Convertible Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption may result in an increase to the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed shares and shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, respectively (the equivalent of shares of the Company s common stock), subject to adjustment. 

Seniority and Security:

 The 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes rank equal in right of payment, and are the Company s senior unsecured obligations, but are subordinated in right of payment to the Company s obligations to make certain redemption payments (if and when due) in respect of its Series A Non-Voting
 Convertible Preferred Stock (Note 13). 
 
 The indentures contain customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued special interest, if any, to be immediately due and 
 payable. 

Plus: Premium

Gross proceeds

Less: Unamortized issuance costs (1)

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Carrying amount

Effective interest rate (2)

(1)
 
 Unamortized issuance costs increased by upon the early adoption of ASU 2020-06
 on January 1, 2021 and are reported net of the unamortized premium. 

(2)

Includes amortization of the issuance costs and premium. 

and , 
 respectively. Interest expense on the 2020 Notes during the year ended December 31, 2020 was . Interest payable of 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 The fair value of the Convertible Notes (classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy) was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The if-converted
 value of the 2020 Notes did not exceed the principal amount at December 31, 2022 and was at December 31, 2021. The if-converted
 value of the 2021 Notes did not exceed the principal amount at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 shares of Series A 
 Non-Voting
 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares ), which are convertible into an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock. The fair value of this consideration was 
 , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on April 10, 2018 of 
 per share, the trading day prior to the closing of the acquisition.

Less: Issuance costs

() 

() 

2

Preferred Shares carrying value

2

Cash dividends declared per share (quarterly)

and 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Short-term lease cost

Total lease cost

Other information:

Cash 
paid 
for 
amounts 
included 
in 
the 
measurement 
of 
operating 
liabilities 
(operating 
leases)

Right-of-use

 assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease 
liabilities

n/a 

n/a 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) operating leases

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases

None of the Company s leases include variable payments, residual value guarantees or any restrictions or covenants relating to the Company s ability to pay dividends or incur additional financing obligations. 

On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Surrender Agreement to terminate the lease for its principal executive office at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York effective immediately. In consideration for the landlord s agreement to enter into the Surrender Agreement and accelerate the expiration date of the term of the lease from August 31, 2029, the Company paid a termination fee of . As a result, the Company recognized a loss on the termination of a lease of during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was inclusive of the write-off
 of the right-of-use

 asset, broker fees and a reduction in operating lease liabilities. This loss is included in impairments in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations (Note 26). 

Additionally, the Company recognized an impairment loss of resulting from the derecognition of a right-of-use

 asset upon exiting its London office in February 2021, as well as costs incurred to restore the office space to its original condition. 
 The Company s leases also included extension, automatic renewal and termination provisions. These provisions were also not reasonably certain of being exercised and were therefore not recognized as part of the right-of-use

 asset and lease liability. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 and thereafter

Total future minimum lease payments (undiscounted)

Lease liability long term

Subtotal

Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows

Total future minimum lease payments (undiscounted)

at December 31, 2022. 

 The Company is currently assessing these claims with its external counsel. An accrual has not been made with respect to these matters at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Preferred stock Series B Shares

Convertible note

Subtotal Securrency

Carrying Amount Assets (Fnality):

Convertible note

Carrying Amount Assets (Other investments):

Total (Note 8)

Maximum exposure to loss

Other

Total operating revenues

The Company recognizes revenues from contracts with customers when the performance obligation is satisfied, which is when the promised services are transferred to the customer. A service is considered to be transferred when the customer obtains control, which is represented by the transfer of rights with regard to the service. Transfer of control happens either over time or at a point in time. When a performance obligation is satisfied over time, an entity is required to select a single method of measuring progress for each performance obligation that depicts the entity s performance in transferring control of services to the customer. 

Substantially all the Company s revenues from contracts with customers are derived primarily from investment advisory agreements with related parties (Note 18). These advisory fees are recognized over time, are earned from the Company s ETPs and are calculated based on a percentage of the ETPs average daily net assets. There is no significant judgment in calculating amounts due which are invoiced monthly in arrears and are not subject to any potential reversal. Progress is measured using the practical expedient under the output method resulting in the recognition of revenue in the amount for which the Company has a right to invoice. 

 There are contract assets or liabilities that arise in connection with the recognition of advisory fee revenue. In addition, there are costs incurred to obtain or fulfill the contracts with customers, all of which are investment advisory agreements with related 
 parties. 

Geographic Distribution of Revenue

Jersey

Ireland

Canada (Note 3)

Total operating revenues

F-27

Table of Contents 

Receivable from ManJer Issuers

Receivable from WMAI and WTICAV

Total

The allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable from related parties is insignificant when applying historical loss rates, adjusted for current conditions and supportable forecasts, to the amounts outstanding in the table above. Amounts outstanding are all invoiced in arrears, are less than 30 days aged and are collected shortly after the applicable reporting period. 

Advisory services provided to ManJer Issuers

Advisory services provided to WMAI and WTICAV

Advisory services provided to WTCS

Advisory services provided to WTAMC

Total

Pursuant to a license agreement between WisdomTree, Inc. WTI and WML to provide indices for a number of the sub-funds of WTICAV, WTI earned revenue amounting to ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which has been eliminated in consolidation. No other revenue was earned by WTI from license agreements to provide indices for use in the European Union during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

The Company also has investments in certain WisdomTree 
 products
 
 of approximately and at 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net unrealized and realized losses and gains related to trading WisdomTree products during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 w

 ere ), and , respectively, which are recorded in other losses and gains, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 shares of common stock (less one share for every share granted under the 2016 Equity Plan since March 31, 2022 and inclusive of shares available under the 2016 Equity Plan as of March 31, 2022) in the form of stock options and other stock-based awards.

and may vest after at least of service and have an exercise price equal to the Company s stock price on the grant date. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options (when granted) using the 
 Black-Scholes option pricing model.

RSAs/RSUs:

Awards are valued based on the Company s stock price on grant date and generally vest ratably, on an annual basis, over three years.

PRSUs:

These awards cliff vest three years from the grant date and contain a market condition whereby the number of PRSUs ultimately vesting is tied to how the Company s total shareholder return TSR compares to a peer group of other publicly traded asset managers over the three-year period. A Monte Carlo simulation is used to value these awards.

The number of PRSUs vesting ranges from to of the target number of PRSUs granted, as follows: 

If the relative TSR is below the 25 th
 percentile, then of the target number of PRSUs granted will vest;

If the relative TSR is at the 25th percentile, then of the target number of PRSUs 
 granted will vest;

If the relative TSR is above the 25th percentile, then linear scaling is applied such that the percent of the target number of PRSUs vesting is at the 50th percentile and capped at of the target number of PRSUs granted for performance at the 85th percentile (or 100th percentile for grants made during 2019 and 2020) ; and

If the Company s TSR is negative, the target number of PRSUs vesting is capped at 100 regardless of the relative TSR percentile.

Durin

 g 

 the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense was , and , respectively, and the related tax benefit recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was , and , respectively. 

 The actual tax benefit realized for the tax deductions for share-based compensation was , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Stock Options 

Forfeitures/expirations

() 

Exercised

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

Forfeitures/expirations

() 

Exercised

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

option activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 
31 , 

2021 and 
2020 was 
 
 and 
 , respectively. Cash received from option exercises during the years ended December 
31 , 

2021 and 
2020 was 
 
 and 
 , respectively.

, and , respectively. 

Granted

(2)

Vested

() 

() 

Forfeited

() 

() 

() 

Unvested Balance at December 31, 2020

Granted

(2)

Vested

() 

() 

Forfeited

() 

() 

() 

Unvested Balance at December 31, 2021

Granted

(2)

Vested

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited

() 

() 

Unvested Balance at December 31, 2022

(1)
 
 Represents the target number of PRSUs granted and outstanding. The number of PRSUs that ultimately vest ranges from to of this amount. 

(2)

A Monte Carlo simulation was used to value these awards using the following assumptions for the Company and the peer group: (i) beginning 90-day average stock prices; (ii) valuation date stock prices; (iii) correlation coefficients based upon the price data used to calculate the historical volatilities; and (iv) the following additional assumptions: 

Historical stock price volatility (high)

Historical stock price volatility (average)

Risk free interest rate

Expected dividend yield

F-3 0

Table of Contents 

() 

Less: Income distributed to participating securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Less: Undistributed income allocable to participating securities

() 

() 

Net income/(loss) available to common stockholders Basic EPS

() 
 
 Weighted average common shares (in thousands)

Basic income/(loss) per share

() 

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Diluted Earnings/(Loss) per Share

Net income/(loss) available to common stockholders

() 
 
 Add back: Undistributed income allocable to participating securities

Less: Reallocation of undistributed income allocable to participating securities considered potentially dilutive

() 

() 

Net income/(loss) available to common stockholders Diluted EPS

() 

Weighted Average Diluted Shares (in thousands):

Weighted average common shares

Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, excluding participating securities

Weighted average diluted shares, excluding participating securities (in thousands)

Diluted income/(loss) per share

() 

Diluted earnings /(loss) per share presented above is calculated using the 
 two-class
 method as this method results in the lowest diluted earnings per share amount for common stock. Total antidilutive 
 non-participating
 common stock equivalents were 
 , 
 and 
 during the years ended December 
31 , 
2022 , 
2021 and 
2020 , respectively (shares herein are reported in thousands). During the year ended December 
31 , 
2020 , there were 
no dilutive common stock equivalents as the Company reported a net loss for the period.

There were no
 potential common shares 

 associated with the conversion option embedded in the Convertible Notes

included in weighted average diluted shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 as the Company s average stock price was lower than the conversion price. Potential common shares associated with the conversion option embedded in the Convertible Notes for the year ended December 31, 2021 were (shares herein are reported in thousands).

(1)

Less: Participating securities:

Weighted average shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the 
Preferred 
Shares (Note 13)

() 

() 

Potentially dilutive restricted stock awards

() 

() 

Weighted average diluted shares used to calculate diluted earnings/(loss) per share 
as disclosed 
in the 
table above

(1)

(1)
 
 Excludes participating securities for the year ended December 31, 2020 and potentially dilutive common stock equivalents as the Company reported a net loss for the period (shares herein are reported in thousands). 

() 
 
 Foreign

() 

Total

() 

Income Tax Expense/(Benefit) By Jurisdiction 

State and local

Foreign

() 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred:

Federal

() 

() 

State and local

() 

() 

Foreign

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense/(benefit)

() 

() 
 
 Decrease in unrecognized tax benefits, net

() 

() 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance Capital losses

Change in tax-related
 indemnification assets, net

Foreign operations

() 

() 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance Foreign net operating losses NOLs and 
interest carryforwards

() 

() 
 
 (Gain)/loss on revaluation of deferred consideration (1)

() 

() 

GILTI

Non-deductible
 executive compensation

Stock-based compensation tax shortfalls

Blended state income tax rate, net of federal benefit

() 

() 
 
 Non-taxable
 gain on sale Canadian ETF business

() 
 
 Other differences, net

Income tax expense/(benefit)

() 

(1)

The (gain)/loss on revaluation of deferred consideration is not adjusted for income taxes as the obligation was assumed by a wholly-owned subsidiary that is based in Jersey, a jurisdiction where the Company is subject to a zero percent tax rate. 

Income Tax Payments 

State and local

Foreign

Accrued expenses

Unrealized losses

NOLs Foreign

Stock-based compensation

Goodwill and intangible assets

Operating lease liabilities

NOLs U.S.

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Outside basis differences

Interest carryforwards

Other

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Fixed assets and prepaid assets

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Unremitted earnings European subsidiaries

Right of use assets operating leases

Deferred tax liabilities

Total deferred tax assets less deferred tax liabilities

Less: Valuation allowance

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net

, which expire in . The net operating loss carryforwards have been reduced by the impact of annual limitations described in the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 that arose as a result of an ownership change. 

 The Company s tax effected capital losses at December 31, 2022 were . These capital losses expire between the years 2023 and 2027. 

 Net Operating Losses Europe 

One of the Company s European subsidiaries generated NOLs outside the U.S. These tax effected NOLs, all of which are carried forward indefinitely, were at December 31, 2022. 

 Valuation Allowance 

The Company s valuation allowance has been established on its net capital losses, unrealized losses and outside basis differences, as it is 
 more-likely-than-not

 that these deferred tax assets will not be realized.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company released the valuation allowance on its European net operating losses of 
 as it is 
 more-likely-than-not
 that these deferred tax assets will be realized.

Uncertain Tax Positions 

Tax positions
 are evaluated utilizing a two-step
 process. The Company first determines whether any of its tax positions are more-likely-than-not
 to be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position. Once it is determined that a position meets this recognition threshold, the position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

In connection with the ETFS Acquisition, the Company accrued a liability for uncertain tax positions and interest and penalties at the acquisition date. The Company also recorded an offsetting indemnification asset provided by ETFS Capital as part 

Decrease Lapse of statute of limitations (1)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Increases

Foreign currency translation (2)

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Decrease Settlements (1)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Decrease Lapse of statute of limitations (1)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Increases

Foreign currency translation (2)

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

(1)
 
 during the year ended December 31, 2022 was recorded as an income tax benefit along with an equal and offsetting amount recorded in other losses and gains, net, to recognize a reduction in the indemnification asset. During the year ended December 31, 2021, an income tax benefit of was recorded upon the lapse of the statute of limitations with an equal and offsetting amount in other losses and gains, net. 

(2)
 
 The gross unrecognized tax benefits were accrued in British pounds. 

 The gross unrecognized tax benefits and interest and penalties totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in other non-current
 liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is reasonably possible that the remaining amount of unrecognized tax benefits will reduce to zero in the next 12 months upon lapsing of the statute of limitations. If recognized, these unrecognized tax benefits would impact the effective tax rate. The recognition of any unrecognized tax benefits would result in an equal and offsetting adjustment to the indemnification asset which would be recorded in income before taxes due to the indemnity for any potential claims. 
 Income Tax Examinations 

The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state, local and certain foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, with few exceptions, the Company was no longer subject to income tax examinations by any taxing authority for the years before 2018.

ManJer s tax returns (a Jersey-based subsidiary) were previously under review for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2016, 2017 and 2018. In January 2022, the audit was resolved in favor of ManJer. In addition, the Company s tax returns were previously under review by the State of Michigan for the years ended 2017 through 2020. In August 2022, the audit was resolved in favor of the Company. 

 Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries 

ASC 740-30
 Income Taxes

 provides guidance that US companies do not need to recognize tax effects on foreign earnings that are indefinitely reinvested. The Company repatriates earnings of its foreign subsidiaries and therefore has recognized a deferred tax liability of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to the Company s share repurchase program to and extended the term for through . Included under the Company s share repurchase program are purchases to offset future equity grants made under the Company s equity plans and purchases made in open market or privately negotiated transactions. This authority may be exercised from time to time, subject to regulatory considerations. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. Shares repurchased under this program are returned to the status of authorized and unissued on the Company s books and records. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased , and shares of its common stock, respectively, under this program for an aggregate cost of , and , respectively.

remained under this program for future purchases. 

Changes

Balance at December 31, 2022

Goodwill was tested for impairment on November 30, 2022. The quantitative impairment test was performed using a market approach, whereby the market capitalization of the Company (a single reporting unit) was compared to its carrying value. The market capitalization was derived from the Company s publicly traded stock price plus a reasonable control premium. The fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and therefore no impairment was recognized. 

 Goodwill arising from the ETFS Acquisition of is not deductible for tax purposes as the acquisition was structured as a stock acquisition occurring in the 
 U.K

 . The remainder of the goodwill is deductible for U.S. tax purposes.

 Intangible Assets 

The table below sets forth the Company s intangible assets which are tested annually for impairment on November 30
 th
 :

Software development

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

() 

ETFS Acquisition (Indefinite-Lived)

In connection with the ETFS Acquisition, which was completed on , the Company identified intangible assets valued at related to the right to manage AUM through customary advisory agreements. These intangible assets were determined to have indefinite useful lives and are not deductible for tax purposes. 

 The Company performed its indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test related to its ETFS customary advisory agreements on November 30, 2022. The results of this analysis identified indicators of impairment to be recognized based upon a quantitative assessment (discounted cash flow analysis) which relied upon significant unobservable inputs including projected revenue growth rates ranging from to weighted average) and a weighted average cost of capital of . 

 Software Development (Finite-Lived) 

Internally-developed software is amortized over a useful life of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized amortization expense on internally-developed software of . 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 and thereafter

Total expected amortization expense

The weighted-average remaining useful life of the finite-lived intangible 

 assets is years.

F-36

Table of Contents 

. Consideration also included contingent payments totaling up to which will be payable only upon AdvisorEngine achieving certain revenue milestones during the first through fourth anniversaries of such exit. value has been ascribed to these contingent payments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 
 
 contingent payments have been received during the last three years. 

Sale of Canadian ETF Business 

On February 19, 2020, the Company completed the sale of all the outstanding shares of WTAMC to CI Financial Corp. The Company received CDN (USD in cash at closing and was paid CDN (USD of additional cash consideration based upon the achievement of certain AUM growth targets as determined on the 18-month
 anniversary of the closing date. 
 The Company may receive additional cash consideration of CDN to depending on the achievement of certain AUM growth targets as determined on the 36-month
 anniversary of the closing date. value has been ascribed to these contingent payments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

during the year ended December 31, 2020. This gain represented the difference between the minimum cash consideration payable to the Company and the carrying value of WTAMC s net assets upon disposition. A gain of was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021, from remeasuring the contingent payment to its realizable value. These gains were recorded in other losses and gains, net. 

Fixed assets New York office (Note 9)

Lease termination London office (Note 14)

AdvisorEngine Financial interests

Thesys Series Y Preferred

Total

AdvisorEngine 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized an impairment of to adjust the carrying value of its previously held financial interests in AdvisorEngine to fair value. Fair value was subsequently adjusted during the year ended December 31, 2020 by recognizing a gain of in other losses and gains, net. These fair value adjustments were based upon the final sale terms as disclosed above (Note 25). 

 Thesys 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized an impairment of on its 
 Series 
Y
 Preferred shares in Thesys, as the investment had underperformed financially when assessed against prior expectations, resulting in a carrying value of at December 31, 2020. 

in 

aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes
 due (the 2023 Notes pursuant to an indenture dated February 14, 2023, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, 
National Association, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. The sale of the 2023 Notes resulted in approximately in net proceeds to the Company after 

deducting the initial purchaser s discount and estimated offering expenses. In connection with the issuance, the Company repurchased of aggregate principal amount of its 2020 

Notes for . As a result of 

this repurchase, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of approximately during the three months ended March 31, 2023 .

Interest rate

Conversion price

Conversion rate

Redemption price

Interest rate: 

Payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year

 , beginning on August 15, 2023

 . 

trading days (whether or not consecutive) 

during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the i
mmediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the 2023
 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sales price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) upon a notice of redemption delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of the indenture
 but only with respect to the 2023
 Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2028, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their 2023
 Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

Cash settlement: 

Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash
 up to the aggregate principal amount
 of the 2023 Notes to be converted. At its election, the Company will also settle its conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes being converted in either cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. 

trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date . 

No sinking fund is provided for the 2023 Notes.

Limited investor put rights: 

Holders of the 2023 Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their notes at of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting events. 

Conversion rate increase in certain customary circumstances: 

In certain circumstances, conversions in connection with a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture) or conversions of the 2023 Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption may result in an increase to the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2023 Notes (the equivalent of shares of the Company s common stock), subject to adjustment. 

Seniority and Security: 

The 2023 Notes will be the Company s senior unsecured obligations, and will rank equal in right of payment to the 2021 Notes and 2020 Notes, but will be subordinated in right of payment to the Company s obligations to make certain redemption payments (if and when due) in respect of its Preferred Shares. 

F- 38

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Name Change) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Declassification of Board of Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Increase in Authorized Shares) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2018) 

3.6 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement among the Registrant and certain investors dated December 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.3 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement among the Registrant and certain investors dated December 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement among the Registrant and certain investors dated October 15, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.5 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated October 15, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.6 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated April 11, 2018, between the Registrant and ETFS Capital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2018) 

4.7 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2020, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Global Note, representing the Registrant s 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020) 

4.9 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2021, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Global Note, representing the Registrant s 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021) 

4.11 
 
 Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2023, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023) 

4.12 
 
 Form of Global Note, representing the Registrant s 5.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023) 

10.1 
 
 Representative Form of Advisory Agreement between WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc. and WisdomTree Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.2 
 
 Form of Proprietary Rights and Confidentiality Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Registrant s Amendment to Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on May 26, 2011) 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement between the Registrant and WisdomTree Trust dated March 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 14, 2012) 

10.5 
 
 WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 2016 Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement for Executive Officers dated December 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2016) 

10.7(a) 
 
 Appendix A to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Jonathan Steinberg, dated December 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(A) of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2016) 

10.7(b) 
 
 Appendix A to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Peter M. Ziemba, dated December 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(E) of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2016) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Amendment, dated May 5, 2017, to Form of Employment Agreement for Executive Officers, dated December 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2017) 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and R. Jarrett Lilien, dated November 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018) 

10.10 
 
 Share Sale Agreement among the Registrant, WisdomTree International and ETFS Capital dated November 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018) 

10.11 
 
 Waiver and Variation Agreement, dated April 11, 2018, by and among the Registrant, WisdomTree International and ETFS Capital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2018) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Executive Officers (2016 Equity Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019) 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Marci Frankenthaler, dated November 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Alexis Marinof, dated June 8, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Alexis Marinof, dated July 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Executive Officers (2016 Equity Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.K. Executive Officers (2016 Equity Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 

10.18 
 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated May 25, 2022, by and among the Investor Group and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022) 

10.19 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Deborah A. Fuhr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.20 
 
 WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 2022 Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on July 25, 2022) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (2022 Equity Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022) 

10.22 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Deferred) for Non-Employee Directors (2022 Equity Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Executive Officers (2022 Equity Plan) (filed herewith) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Executive Officers (2022 Equity Plan) (filed herewith) 

10.25 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.K. Executive Officers (2022 Equity Plan) (filed herewith) 

10.26 
 
 Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Program (filed herewith) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d 14(a) Certification (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d 14(a) Certification (filed herewith) 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

101 
 
 Financial Statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company are attached to this report, formatted in XBRL pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 (1) 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ J ONATHAN S TEINBERG 

Jonathan Steinberg 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below on the 28 th day of February, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Jonathan Steinberg Jonathan Steinberg 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bryan Edmiston Bryan Edmiston 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Frank Salerno 
 
 Non-Executive Chair of the Board 

Frank Salerno 

/s/ Lynn S. Blake 
 
 Director 

Lynn S. Blake 

/s/ Anthony Bossone 
 
 Director 

Anthony Bossone 

/s/ Smita Conjeevaram 
 
 Director 

Smita Conjeevaram 

/s/ Deborah Fuhr 
 
 Director 

Deborah Fuhr 

/s/ Daniela Mielke 
 
 Director 

Daniela Mielke 

/s/ Win Neuger 
 
 Director 

Win Neuger 

/s/ Harold Singleton III 
 
 Director 

Harold Singleton III 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 d426509dex1023.htm
 EX-10.23

EX-10.23 

EXHIBIT 10.23 
 [General Form for Grants to US Resident Executive Officers (WTAM) after January 1, 2023] 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 UNDER THE WISDOMTREE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
 2022 EQUITY PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), effective as of the Grant Date (as defined below), by and between WisdomTree, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (formerly known as WisdomTree Investments, Inc., the Company 1 , and the employee of WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc. WTAM ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, whose name is set forth on the signature page of this Agreement (the Employee ). Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Company s 2022 Equity Plan
(the Plan ). WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board
(the Committee has authorized the issuance to the Employee of the aggregate number of shares of the authorized but unissued common stock of the Company, 0.01 par value per share, set forth on Schedule A included on the signature page
of this Agreement (the Shares ), pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and conditioned upon the Employee s acceptance thereof upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and 
 WHEREAS, the Employee desires to acquire the Shares on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the terms of the
Plan. IT IS AGREED: 
 1. Grant of Shares . 
 1.1 The Company has issued to the Employee, effective as of the grant date set forth on Schedule A included on
the signature page of this Agreement (the Grant Date ), the Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. Subject to Section 1.6 hereof, the Shares shall be subject to forfeiture in the event the
Employee s employment by WTAM is terminated for any reason prior to the Vesting Date(s) set forth on Schedule A . The period prior to the applicable Vesting Date is considered the Restriction Period for the Shares relating to
such Vesting Date. 1.2 The Shares shall constitute issued and outstanding shares of common stock for all corporate
purposes, and the Employee shall have the right to vote such Shares and to exercise all of the rights, powers and privileges of a holder of common stock with respect to such Shares, except that (a) the Employee shall not be entitled to delivery
of evidence of book-entry or a share certificate until the Shares vest in accordance with Section 1.3 or 1.6, as the case may be; and (b) the Company will retain custody of all distributions and dividends made, paid or declared with
respect to the Shares during the applicable Restriction Period Retained Distributions ), and such Retained Distributions shall accrue and shall not be paid to the Employee until and only to the extent the Shares with respect to which
such Retained Distributions relate vest. 1.3 If the Employee is still an employee of WTAM at the end of a
Restriction Period, all the Shares relating to the applicable Vesting Date shall vest and shall no longer be subject to forfeiture by the Employee. After the date that any Shares become vested, the Company, in its discretion, shall either instruct
its transfer agent to issue and deliver to the Employee evidence of book-entry or a certificate for the Shares that have vested or otherwise permit the Shares that have vested to be transferred by the Employee. In addition, after the Shares become
vested, the Company shall pay or distribute, as applicable, the Retained Distributions with respect thereto to the Employee. Subject to the provisions of Section 1.6, if, at any time prior to the vesting of the Shares in accordance with the
first sentence of this Section 1.3, the Employee s employment is terminated for any reason, 

1 
 The name of the Company was changed to WisdomTree, Inc. effective November 7, 2022.

then the Shares that have not then vested (and the Retained Distributions with respect thereto) shall be automatically forfeited to the Company and the Employee shall not thereafter have any
rights with respect to such Shares (or the Retained Distributions with respect thereto). In such event, the Company is authorized by the Employee to instruct the Company s transfer agent to cancel and return the Shares (and, if applicable, the
Retained Distributions with respect thereto, to the extent such Retained Distributions were in the form of shares) to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and to return to the Company any Retained Distributions in the form of
cash. 1.4 Employment . The Employee shall be considered to be employed by WTAM for purposes
hereof if the Employee is a full-time employee of WTAM (or of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) or, if the Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) determines
in its sole and absolute discretion, the Employee is rendering substantial services to the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company, including WTAM) as a part-time employee, consultant or contractor of the Company (or of any Subsidiary of the
Company, including WTAM). The Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether the Employee has ceased to be
employed by WTAM (or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) and the effective date on which such employment terminated. For purposes of this Agreement, if the Employee s employment is transferred from WTAM to the Company or to a
Subsidiary of the Company, references herein to WTAM shall be read to be such new employing entity, as applicable. 
 1.5 No Right to Employment . Nothing in the Plan or in this Agreement shall confer on the Employee any right to
continue in the employ of, or in any other relationship with, WTAM or the Company (or with any Subsidiary of the Company) or limit in any way the right of WTAM and the Company (or of any Subsidiary of the Company) to terminate the Employee s
employment or other relationship with WTAM or the Company (or with any Subsidiary of the Company) at any time, with or without cause. 
 1.6 Accelerated or Continued Vesting in Certain Circumstances . 
 1.6.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Section 1.6, the terms Cause , Change of
Control , Disability, Good Reason , and Involuntary Termination shall have the definitions given thereto in the then effective employment agreement between the Employee and WTAM. 
 1.6.2 Upon the Employee s Death . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1.1 and 1.3, in
the event of the Employee s death prior to the end of a Restriction Period, all the Shares that are subject to forfeiture at the time of death shall immediately vest and shall no longer be subject to forfeiture by the Employee. After the date
of the Employee s death, the Company, in its discretion, shall either instruct its transfer agent to issue and deliver to the legal representative of the estate or the legatee of the Employee under the will of the Employee evidence of
book-entry or a certificate for the Shares that have vested, and pay or distribute the Retained Distributions, if any, with respect to such Shares to such legal representative or legatee, or otherwise permit the Shares that have vested and Retained
Distributions with respect to such Shares to be transferred by the legal representative of the estate or the legatee of the Employee under the will of the Employee. 
 1.6.3 Upon Termination of Employment Due to the Occurrence of a Disability . Notwithstanding the provisions of
Sections 1.1 and 1.3, in the event of the termination by the Company or WTAM of the Employee s employment due to the occurrence of a Disability prior to the end of a Restriction Period, all the Shares that are subject to forfeiture at the time
of termination due to the occurrence of a Disability shall immediately vest and shall no longer be subject to forfeiture by the Employee. After the date of the termination of the Employee s employment due to the occurrence of a Disability, the
Company, in its discretion, shall either instruct its transfer agent to issue and deliver to the Employee evidence of book-entry or a 
 2 

certificate for the Shares that have vested, and pay or distribute the Retained Distributions, if any, with respect to such Shares, to the Employee or otherwise permit the Shares that have vested
and Retained Distributions with respect to such Shares to be transferred by the Employee. 1.6.4 Upon the
Employee s Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1.1 and 1.3, in the event of the Employee s Normal Retirement (as defined below) prior to the end of a Restriction Period, all the Shares that are subject to
forfeiture at the time of Normal Retirement shall continue to vest as scheduled until the end of any Restriction Period, provided that the Employee complies with the conditions of Normal Retirement through the end of such Restriction Period. After
the date that any such Shares become vested, the Company, in its discretion, shall either instruct its transfer agent to issue and deliver to the Employee evidence of book-entry or a certificate for the Shares that have vested, and pay or distribute
the Retained Distributions, if any, with respect to such Shares, to the Employee or otherwise permit the Shares that have vested and Retained Distributions with respect to such Shares to be transferred by the Employee. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term Normal Retirement means retirement from active employment on or after reaching age 62 and having been employed by WTAM (or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) for at least seven (7) years as of the
retirement date, provided that, following such retirement, the Employee no longer works in the asset management or financial services industries other than serving as a non-employee director. The Committee (or
the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether a Normal Retirement has occurred and whether the Employee has complied with the
conditions of Normal Retirement through the end of the Restriction Period. 1.6.5 Upon a Change of Control .
Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1.1 and 1.3, in the event of a Change of Control while the Employee is employed by WTAM, the vesting of any Shares that are unvested at such time shall accelerate and all Shares shall be vested
simultaneously with such Change of Control. 1.6.6 Involuntary Termination . In the event of an Involuntary
Termination of the Employee s employment prior to the end of a Restriction Period: (i) all of the Shares (and the Retained Distributions with respect thereto), if any, that would have vested during the
 12-month period immediately following the date of such termination Post-Employment Period if the Employee s employment had not been so terminated shall immediately vest upon the date of such
termination; (ii) except as provided in clause (iii) below, vesting shall otherwise cease as of the last day of the Employee s employment, but any Shares (and the Retained Distributions with respect thereto) which have not then
vested (after taking into account the vesting of Shares pursuant to the preceding clause (i)) shall not be automatically forfeited until the last day of the Post-Employment Period; and (iii) if a Change of Control occurs during the Post-Employment
Period, the remaining unvested Shares (and the Retained Distributions with respect thereto) shall automatically vest upon the Change of Control as if the Employee had been employed on the date of the Change of Control. For the avoidance of doubt, if
no Change of Control occurs during the Post-Employment Period, then all Shares which are not then vested on the last day of the Post-Employment Period (and the Retained Distributions with respect thereto) shall be automatically forfeited to the
Company and the Employee shall not thereafter have any rights with respect to such Shares (or the Retained Distributions with respect thereto). 
 1.6.7 Post-Change of Control Termination . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and the Employee s employment is terminated either (i) by the Company (or its successor) without Cause or (i) by the Employee for Good Reason, in each case within 18 months after such Change of Control,
then (x) all of the Shares (and the Retained Distributions with respect thereto) that would otherwise have vested within the 21-month period following the date of such termination if the Employee s employment had not been so
terminated shall automatically vest upon the date of such termination, and (y) vesting shall otherwise cease as of the last day of the Employee s employment. 
 3 

2. Withholding Tax . Not later than the date as of which an
amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Employee for Federal income tax purposes with respect to the Shares, the Employee shall pay to WTAM, or make arrangements satisfactory to WTAM regarding the payment of, any Federal, state
and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld or paid with respect to such amount. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of the Company under the Plan and pursuant to this Agreement shall be
conditional upon such payment or arrangements with WTAM, and WTAM shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Employee from WTAM. Unless otherwise determined by the
Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee), WTAM s tax withholding obligation shall be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Company withholding from the Shares to be
issued or released by the transfer agent a number of shares with an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the withholding amount due; provided, however, that the amount withheld does not exceed
the maximum statutory tax rate or such lesser amount as is necessary to avoid liability accounting treatment. 
 3. Nonassignability of Shares . The Shares shall not be assignable or transferable until they have vested. 
 4. Employee Representations . The Employee hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: 
 (i) the Employee has received a copy of the Plan and the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, as in effect as of the date of this Agreement; (ii) the Employee has received a copy of
all reports and documents required to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within the last twenty-four (24) months and all reports issued by the Company
to its stockholders; (iii) the Employee (x) has reviewed with the Employee s own tax advisors the
applicable tax (U.S. federal, state, local and foreign) consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (y) is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or WTAM or any of their
respective agents, and (z) understands that the Employee (and not the Company or its Subsidiaries) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 
 (iv) the Employee understands that the Employee must bear the economic risk of the investment in the Shares; 
 (v) the Employee has had such an opportunity as the Employee has deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such
information as is necessary to permit the Employee to evaluate the merits and risks of the Employee s investment in the Company and has had the opportunity to consult with the Employee s own advisers with respect to the investment in the
Company; and 
 4 

(vi) the Employee understands and agrees that if a stock certificate
evidencing the Shares is issued prior to the Vesting Date, it shall also bear the following legend: The shares represented by this
certificate have been acquired pursuant to a Restricted Stock Agreement, a copy of which is on file with the Company, and may not be transferred, pledged or disposed of except in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof and the terms and
conditions of the WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 2022 Equity Plan. 
 5. Miscellaneous . 
 5.1 Notices . All notices, requests, deliveries, payments, demands and other communications which are required or
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either (a) delivered personally or by private courier e.g. , Federal Express), (b) sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, or (c) sent by electronic communication (via e-mail or through an electronic platform approved by the Company), with confirmation of transmission thereof, and shall be deemed duly given hereunder
when delivered in person or by private courier, on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail as set forth in subsection (b) above, or, if sent by electronic communication, on the date sent by such transmission during
normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient. Such communications shall be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses: (i) if to the Company or WTAM, at
their respective principal executive offices, attention: Legal Department, at legalnotice@wisdomtree.com; and (ii) if to the Employee, at the Employee s last known residence address or e-mail address
as indicated in the employment records of the Company or WTAM, as the case may be. Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 
 5.2 Plan Paramount; Conflicts with Plan . This Agreement shall, in all respects, be subject to and governed by
the terms and conditions of the Plan, whether or not stated herein. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall in all respects be controlling. 
 5.3 Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the
Company at any time, in its discretion, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The grant of the Shares in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any restricted stock or other Awards in the future. Future
Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Employee s employment with WTAM. 
 5.4 Amendments; Waiver . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in
writing, signed by each of the parties. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, or power
under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity. All rights and remedies, whether conferred by this Agreement, by any other instrument
or by law, shall be cumulative, and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. 5.5 Entire Agreement . This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior undertakings and agreements, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be
contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. To the extent that the policies and procedures of WTAM or the Company apply to the Employee and are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the provisions of the Agreement
shall control. 
 5 

5.6 Binding Effect; Successors . This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and, to the extent not prohibited herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. 
 5.7 Severability; Enforcement . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect (an Impaired Provision ), (a) such Impaired Provision shall be interpreted in such a manner as to preserve, to the maximum extent possible, the intent of the parties, (b) the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (c) such decision shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such Impaired Provision under other circumstances. The parties agree to negotiate in
good faith and agree upon a provision to substitute for the Impaired Provision in the circumstances in which the Impaired Provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 5.8 Rights of Third Parties . Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party
other than the parties hereto or their respective permitted successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 5.9 Headings . The Section headings used herein are for convenience only and do not define, limit or construe the
content of such sections. All references in this Agreement to Section numbers refer to Sections of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. 
 5.10 Agreement to Arbitrate . The Employee, the Company and WTAM recognize that differences may arise between
them during or following the Employee s employment by WTAM, and that those differences may or may not be related to the issuance of the Shares herein or to the Employee s employment. The Employee, the Company and WTAM agree that disputes
between the Employee, the Company and WTAM will be resolved by arbitration as provided by the arbitration provisions set forth in the then effective employment agreement between the Employee and WTAM, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 5.11 Governing Law; Jurisdiction . The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York, without reference to that body of law concerning choice of law or conflicts of law, except that the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware GCL shall apply to all matters governed by the GCL,
including without limitation matters concerning the validity of grants of restricted stock and actions of the Board or the Committee. The Company and the Employee agree that, subject to the agreement to arbitrate disputes set forth in
Section 5.10, the sole and exclusive judicial venues for any dispute, difference, cause of action or legal action of any kind that any party, or any officer, director, employee, agent or permitted successor or assign of any party may bring
against any other party or any subsidiary of a party, or against any officer, director, employee, agent or permitted successor or assign of any of the foregoing, relating in any manner whatsoever to the Employee s employment by the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company (including WTAM), as the case may be, or to the termination thereof, including without limitation all disputes arising under this Agreement (a Proceeding ), shall be (a) the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, if such court has statutory jurisdiction over the Proceeding, and (b) the Supreme Court of the State of New York in the County of New York (collectively, the New York Courts ). Each of the
parties hereby expressly (i) consents to the personal jurisdiction of each of the New York Courts with respect to any Proceeding; (ii) agrees that service of process in any Proceeding may be effected upon such party in the manner set forth
in Section 5.1 (other than by electronic communication), as well as in any other manner prescribed by law; and (iii) waives any objection, whether on the grounds of venue, residence or domicile or on the ground that the Proceeding has been
brought in an inconvenient forum, to any Proceeding brought in either of the New York Courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph alters the parties agreement to arbitrate disputes as set forth in Section 5.10. 
 6 

5.12 Counterparts; Electronic Delivery . This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by electronic mail in portable document format
(.pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. The Company may, in its sole
discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Agreement or future Awards made under the Plan by electronic means or request the Employee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Employee hereby consents to
receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party
designated by the Company. [Balance of page left blank intentionally. Signature page follows.] 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Restricted Stock Agreement effective as of the Grant
Date indicated below. 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

By: 

Jonathan L. Steinberg,
Chief Executive Officer 

Schedule A 
 Name of Employee: 
 Grant Date: Total Number of Shares: 
 Vesting Schedule: 

Confirmation 
 WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc. hereby executes this Agreement solely to confirm its agreement to be bound by the term and provisions of Sections 5.10 and
5.11 hereof. 

WISDOMTREE ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: 

Jonathan L. Steinberg, Chief
Executive Officer 
 Acceptance The Employee
hereby acknowledges: I have received a copy of this Agreement; I have had the opportunity to consult legal counsel in regard to this Agreement, and have availed myself of that opportunity to the extent I wish to do so (I understand the
Company s attorneys represent the Company and not myself, and I have not relied on any advice from the Company s attorneys); I have read and understand this Agreement; I AM FULLY AWARE OF THE LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION THE EFFECT OF SECTION 5.10 CONCERNING ARBITRATION; I acknowledge that there may be adverse tax consequences upon the grant or vesting of the Shares or disposition thereof and that I have been advised to consult a tax advisor prior
to such grant, vesting or disposition; and I have entered into this Agreement freely and voluntarily and based on my own judgment and not on any representations and promises other than those contained in this Agreement. The Employee accepts these
Shares subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the rules of the Plan. Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Employee (including through an online acceptance process) is
acceptable. 
 8 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 d426509dex1024.htm
 EX-10.24

EX-10.24 

EXHIBIT 10.24 
 [General Form for Grants to US Resident Executive Officers after January 1, 2023] 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 UNDER THE WISDOMTREE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
 2022 EQUITY PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), effective as of the Grant Date (as defined below),
by and between WisdomTree, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as WisdomTree Investments, Inc., the Company 1 , and the employee of
[ ]( Employer ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, whose name is set forth on the signature page of this
Agreement (the Employee ). Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Company s 2022 Equity Plan (the Plan ). 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the
 Committee has authorized the grant to the Employee of an award of the number (the Target Number of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PRSUs set forth on Schedule A Schedule
A included on the signature page of this Agreement (the PRSU Award ), pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and conditioned upon the Employee s acceptance thereof upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Employee desires to accept the PRSU Award on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan. IT IS AGREED: 
 1. Grant of PRSUs . 
 1.1 The Company hereby issues to the Employee, effective as of the grant date set forth on Schedule A included on the
signature page of this Agreement (the Grant Date ), the PRSU Award on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The PRSU Award represents the right to receive, on the Vesting Date (as defined below), the number of
shares of authorized but previously unissued common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company (each, a Share , and collectively, the Shares set forth in Section 3.2 or Section 3.11, as the case
may be. 1.2 Subject to Section 3.11 hereof, the PRSU Award shall be subject to forfeiture if the
Employee s employment by Employer is terminated for any reason prior to the Vesting Date. 1.3 The Employee
shall not have any rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the PRSUs unless and until (a) the PRSUs have vested as provided in this Agreement and (b) the Shares have been settled and issued to the Employee in
accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 2. Restrictions on Transfer of PRSU Award . The
PRSU Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Employee, and any Shares issuable with respect to the PRSU Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or
disposed of until (a) the PRSUs have vested as provided in this Agreement and (b) the Shares have been settled and issued to the Employee in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 

1 
 The name of the Company was changed to WisdomTree, Inc. effective November 7, 2022.
 
 1 

3. Vesting and Settlement of PRSUs . 
 3.1 If the Employee remains an employee of Employer through the Vesting Date, the number of PRSUs determined pursuant to
Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6, or the number of PRSUs determined pursuant to Section 3.11, as applicable, shall vest and shall no longer be subject to forfeiture by the Employee. The Vesting Date shall be the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.11. 
 3.2 Except as set forth in Section 3.11, promptly following the Vesting Date (but in no event later than
March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurs), the Company shall issue to the Employee the number of Shares equal to the product of (a) the Target Number multiplied by (b) the Payout
Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number of Shares. 
 3.3 In connection with the issuance of Shares pursuant to Section 3.2 or Section 3.11, the Company, in its
discretion, shall instruct its transfer agent to issue and deliver to the Employee (or, if applicable, to the legal representative of the estate or legatee of the Employee under the will of the Employee) evidence of book-entry or a certificate for
such Shares (which may be through an on-line or electronic system). Upon and following the settlement of the PRSUs in Shares, the Employee shall have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect
to such Shares, including the right to vote such Shares, to receive and retain all dividends as the Board may, in its sole discretion, pay on such Shares, and to exercise all of the rights, powers and privileges of a holder of common stock with
respect to such Shares. 3.4 Subject to Section 3.6, the Payout Ratio shall mean the
following: 

(a) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile (as defined below) is below the twenty-fifth (25 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be zero percent (0 ); 

(b) 
 the Relative TSR Percentile is equal to the twenty-fifth
(25 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be fifty percent (50 ); 

(c) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile is greater than the twenty-fifth (25 th percentile but less than or equal to the fiftieth (50 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be the sum of (i) fifty percent (50 plus
(ii) the product of (x) two percent (2 multiplied by (y) the percentile amount by which the Relative TSR Percentile exceeds the twenty-fifth (25 th percentile;

(d) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile is greater than the fiftieth
(50 th percentile but less than the eighty-fifth (85 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be the sum of (i) one hundred percent (100 plus (ii) the product of (x) two point eight six percent (2.86 multiplied by (y) the percentile amount by which the Relative TSR Percentile exceeds the fiftieth (50 th percentile;
and 

(e) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile is equal to the eighty-fifth
(85 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be two hundred percent (200 ). In no event shall the Company issue more than a number of Shares equal to two hundred percent (200 of the Target Number.
 
 2 

The table below illustrates what the Payout Ratio would be for various Relative TSR
Percentiles: 

Relative TSR 
 Percentile 
 
 Payout Ratio 
 
 Relative TSR 
 Percentile 
 
 Payout Ratio 

Below 25 th 
 
 0 
 
 60 th 
 
 128.6 
 
 25 th 
 
 50 
 
 70 th 
 
 157.2 
 
 30 th 
 
 60 
 
 80 th 
 
 185.8 
 
 35 th 
 
 70 
 
 85 th and above 
 
 200 
 
 40 th 
 
 80 

50 th 
 
 100 

3.5 Relative TSR Percentile shall be determined as follows: 

(a) 
 the total shareholder return TSR of each member of the Peer Group (as defined below) shall
be the percentage by which the following quotient exceeds (or is less than) one hundred percent (100 ): the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the average per-share value of the publicly traded common
stock of the Peer Group member for the ninety (90) calendar day period ending on the Vesting Date, as adjusted to account for (x) the deemed reinvestment of any dividends declared on such stock, and (y) any merger, reorganization,
consolidation, dividend (other than cash dividend), stock split, reverse stock split, or similar change in corporate structure affecting the number of issued shares of common stock of the Peer Group member Adjustments ), in each
case between the Grant Date and the Vesting Date, by (ii) the average per-share value of the publicly traded common stock of the Peer Group member for the ninety (90) calendar day period ending on
the Grant Date, as adjusted to account for any Adjustments within such ninety (90)-day period, with any such Adjustments set forth herein to be as computed by Bloomberg or another data service widely utilized
in the industry; 

(b) 
 the companies in the Peer Group shall be ranked in the order of their respective TSRs, with the company having
the highest TSR ranked at the top and being deemed to have Relative TSR Percentile equal to the one hundredth (100 th percentile; 

(c) 
 the Relative TSR Percentile of each company below the top-ranked 
company shall be the percentile obtained by subtracting, from one hundred (100), the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Rank Increment (as defined below) by (ii) the number of companies in the Peer Group that have a TSR higher than
such company; and 

(d) 
 the Rank Increment shall mean the quotient obtained by dividing one hundred (100) by
the number of companies in the Peer Group as of the Vesting Date. The Peer Group shall be the
publicly-traded companies (which shall include the Company) set forth on Appendix 1. Companies may not be added to the Peer Group after the Grant Date. If, after the Grant Date, a company in the Peer Group (x) ceases to be publicly-traded
(whether as a result of being acquired or otherwise), it shall be removed from the Peer Group, (y) merges with another company and is the surviving entity, then it will 
 3 

remain in the Peer Group, or (z) either: (1) files for bankruptcy, reorganization, or liquidation under any chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (2) is the subject of an involuntary
bankruptcy proceeding that is not dismissed within thirty (30) days; (3) is the subject of a stockholder approved plan of liquidation or dissolution; or (4) ceases to conduct substantial business operations, it shall continue to be
included in the Peer Group with a deemed TSR of negative one hundred percent (-100 ). 
 3.6 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary: 

(a) 
 if the Company s TSR is negative, the Payout Ratio shall not exceed one hundred percent (100 ); and

(b) 
 if the Fair Market Value of the Shares that vest pursuant to this PRSU Award (calculated as the number of such
vested Shares multiplied by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Vesting Date) exceeds six (6) times the product of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the Grant Date, multiplied by (ii) the Target Number (such product, the
 Grant Date Value Multiple ), then the Payout Ratio shall be reduced such that the number of Shares that vest shall be equal to six (6) times the Grant Date Value Multiple; provided, however, that (x) if the Company s
Relative TSR Percentile is equal to or above the fiftieth (50 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall not be reduced to below one hundred percent (100 and (y) no such reduction shall be made
in the event of a Change of Control. 3.7 Dividend Equivalents; Stock Splits, Reverse Splits,
Recapitalizations, Etc . 3.7.1 If the Company declares a cash dividend (each, a Dividend on
its Shares at any time on or after the Grant Date and on or prior to the Vesting Date, the Target Number shall be adjusted as follows: as of the ex-dividend date of the Dividend, the Target Number immediately
preceding such date shall be multiplied by the sum of (a) one (1) plus (b) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Dividend per Share by (ii) the Fair Market of a Share as of the
 ex-dividend date of such Dividend. 3.7.2 In the event of any merger,
reorganization, consolidation, dividend (other than cash dividend), stock split, reverse stock split, or similar change in corporate structure affecting the number of issued Shares, the Company shall proportionally adjust the Target Number in order
to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the Employee s proportionate interest in the Company and the Employee s rights hereunder. 
 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.11, if, at any time prior to the vesting of the PRSUs in accordance
with this Agreement, the Employee s employment is terminated for any reason, then the PRSUs that have not then vested shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Employee, nor any of the Employee s
successors, assigns or personal representatives will thereafter have any rights or interests with respect to such PRSUs or any Shares underlying the PRSUs, and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Employee under this Agreement.
 3.9 Employment . The Employee shall be considered to be employed by Employer for
purposes hereof if the Employee is a full-time employee of Employer (or of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) or, if the Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the
Committee) determines in its sole and absolute discretion, the Employee is rendering substantial services to the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company, including Employer) as a part-time employee, consultant or contractor of the Company (or of
any Subsidiary of the Company, including Employer). The Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the 
 4 

decision of the Committee) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether the Employee has ceased to be employed by Employer (or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company)
and the effective date on which such employment terminated. For purposes of this Agreement, if the Employee s employment is transferred from Employer to the Company or to a Subsidiary of the Company, references herein to Employer shall be read
to be such new employing entity, as applicable. 3.10 No Right to Employment . Nothing in the Plan or in this
Agreement shall confer on the Employee any right to continue in the employ of, or in any other relationship with, Employer or the Company (or with any Subsidiary of the Company) or limit in any way the right of Employer and the Company (or of any
Subsidiary of the Company) to terminate the Employee s employment or other relationship with Employer or the Company (or with any Subsidiary of the Company) at any time, with or without cause. 
 3.11 Accelerated or Continued Vesting in Certain Circumstances . 
 3.11.1 Defined Terms . As used in Section 3.6(b) and in this Section 3.11, the definitions of the terms
 Cause , Change of Control , Disability and Good Reason set forth in Appendix 2 hereto shall apply. As used in Appendix 2 hereto and its subparts, Company shall refer to, as the context
requires, either (a) Employer, the Company, the WT Trust Entities and the Subsidiaries of the Company or Employer collectively, or (b) any one or more of such entities, and all successors and assigns of any of them. WT Trust
Entities means WisdomTree Trust, WisdomTree Digital Trust, WisdomTree Bitcoin Trust and WisdomTree Ethereum Trust. 
 3.11.2 Upon the Employee s Death, Disability or the Occurrence of a Change of Control . Notwithstanding the
provisions of Sections 1.1 and 3.1, in the event that, prior to the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, either (a) the Employee dies, (b) the Employee s employment is
terminated by the Company or Employer due to the Employee s Disability or (c) a Change of Control occurs, the Vesting Date shall be deemed to be the date of such event and the Company shall issue to the Employee the
number of Shares equal to the product of (i) the Target Number multiplied by (ii) the Payout Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number of Shares. 
 3.11.3 Upon the Employee s Involuntary Termination . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1.1 and
3.1, in the event that, prior to the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, either (a) Employer terminates the Employee s employment other than due to the Employee s death,
Disability or for Cause or (b) the Employee resigns the Employee s employment with Employer for Good Reason (the date of any such event, the Involuntary Termination Date ), the Vesting Date shall be
deemed to be the Involuntary Termination Date and the Company shall issue to the Employee the number of Shares equal to the product of (i) the Adjusted Target Number (as defined below) multiplied by (ii) the Payout Ratio. If such product
is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number of Shares. The Adjusted Target Number shall mean: 

(A) 
 one-third (1/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination
Date occurs prior to the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(B) 
 two-thirds (2/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination
Date occurs on or after the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date; and

(C) 
 the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination Date occurs on or after the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 5 

In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3.8, if the Involuntary Termination
Date occurs prior to the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date, any unvested PRSUs shall not terminate or be forfeited as of such date but shall instead remain outstanding until the date that
is twelve (12) months thereafter and if a Change of Control occurs within twelve (12) months of the Involuntary Termination Date, another Vesting Date shall be deemed to occur on the date of the Change of Control, and
the Company shall issue to the Employee the number of Shares equal to the product of (x) the Supplemental Adjusted Target Number (as defined below) multiplied by (y) the Payout Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company
shall round down to the nearest whole number of Shares. The Supplemental Adjusted Target Number shall mean: (I) two-thirds (2/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination
Date occurs prior to the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date and (II) one-third (1/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination Date
occurs on or after the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date. Any unvested
PRSUs as of the earlier of the date of a Change of Control and the date that is twelve (12) months following the Involuntary Termination Date shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Employee, nor any of
the Employee s successors, assigns or personal representatives will thereafter have any rights or interests with respect to such PRSUs or any Shares underlying the PRSUs, and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Employee
under this Agreement. 3.11.4 Upon the Employee s Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding the provisions of
Sections 1.1 and 3.1, in the event of the Employee s Normal Retirement (as defined below) prior to the Vesting Date, all the PRSUs that are subject to forfeiture at the time of Normal Retirement that would have otherwise vested had the Employee
remained employed through the Vesting Date shall vest on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 3.2, provided that the Employee complies with the conditions of Normal Retirement through the Vesting Date. For purposes of this Agreement, the
term Normal Retirement means retirement from active employment on or after reaching age 62 and having been employed by Employer (or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) for at least seven (7) years as of the
retirement date, provided that, following such retirement, the Employee no longer works in the asset management or financial services industries other than serving as a non-employee director. The Committee (or
the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether a Normal Retirement has occurred and whether the Employee has complied with the
conditions of Normal Retirement through the Vesting Date. 4. Withholding Tax . Not later than the date as of
which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Employee for Federal income tax purposes with respect to the PRSUs, the Employee shall pay to Employer, or make arrangements satisfactory to Employer regarding the payment of, any
Federal, state and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld or paid with respect to such amount. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of the Company under the Plan and pursuant to this Agreement
shall be conditional upon such payment or arrangements with Employer and Employer shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Employee from Employer. Unless
otherwise determined by the Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee), Employer s tax withholding obligation shall be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Company
withholding from the Shares to be issued upon vesting of this PRSU Award a number of shares with an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the withholding amount due; provided, however, that the
amount withheld does not exceed the maximum statutory tax rate or such lesser amount as is necessary to avoid liability accounting treatment. 
 6 

5. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement shall be
interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of the PRSU Award are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 6. Employee Representations . The Employee hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: 
 (a) the Employee has received a copy of the Plan and the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, as in effect as of the date of this Agreement; (b) the Employee has received a copy of all
reports and documents required to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within the last twenty-four (24) months and all reports issued by the Company to
its stockholders; (c) the Employee (x) has reviewed with the Employee s own tax advisors the applicable
tax (U.S. federal, state, local and foreign) consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (y) is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or Employer or any of their
respective agents, and (z) understands that the Employee (and not the Company or its Subsidiaries) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 
 (d) the Employee understands that the Employee must bear the economic risk of the investment in the Shares, when
issued; and (e) the Employee has had such an opportunity as the Employee has deemed adequate to obtain from the
Company such information as is necessary to permit the Employee to evaluate the merits and risks of the Employee s investment in the Company and has had the opportunity to consult with the Employee s own advisers with respect to the
investment in the Company. 7. Miscellaneous . 
 7.1 Notices . All notices, requests, deliveries, payments, demands and other communications which are required or
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either (a) delivered personally or by private courier e.g. , Federal Express), (b) sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, or (c) sent by electronic communication (via e-mail or through an electronic platform approved by the Company), with confirmation of transmission thereof, and shall be deemed duly given hereunder
when delivered in person or by private courier, on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail as set forth in subsection (b) above, or, if sent by electronic communication, on the date sent by such transmission during
normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient. Such communications shall be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses: (i) if to the Company or
Employer, at their respective principal executive offices, attention: Legal Department, at legalnotice@wisdomtree.com; and (ii) if to the Employee, at the Employee s last known residence address or
 e-mail address as indicated in the employment records of the Company or Employer, as the case may be. Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company)
from time to time. 7.2 Plan Paramount; Conflicts with Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, this Agreement shall, in all respects, be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, whether or not stated herein, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. In the event of
a conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall in all respects be controlling. 
 7 

7.3 Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary
and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time, in its discretion, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The grant of the PRSU Award in this Agreement and, upon vesting, the issuance of the underlying Shares, does not
create any contractual right or other right to receive any restricted stock unit or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or termination of the Plan shall not
constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Employee s employment with Employer. 
 7.4 Amendments; Waiver . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in
writing, signed by each of the parties. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, or power
under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity. All rights and remedies, whether conferred by this Agreement, by any other instrument
or by law, shall be cumulative, and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. 7.5 Entire Agreement . This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior undertakings and agreements, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be
contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. To the extent that the policies and procedures of Employer or the Company apply to the Employee and are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the provisions of the
Agreement shall control. 7.6 Binding Effect; Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and, to the extent not prohibited herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. 
 7.7 Severability; Enforcement . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect (an Impaired Provision ), (a) such Impaired Provision shall be interpreted in such a manner as to preserve, to the maximum extent possible, the intent of the parties, (b) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (c) such decision shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such Impaired Provision under other circumstances. The parties agree to
negotiate in good faith and agree upon a provision to substitute for the Impaired Provision in the circumstances in which the Impaired Provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 7.8 Rights of Third Parties . Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party
other than the parties hereto or their respective permitted successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 7.9 Headings . The Section headings used herein are for convenience only and do not define, limit or construe the
content of such sections. All references in this Agreement to Section numbers refer to Sections of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. 
 7.10 Agreement to Arbitrate . The Employee, the Company and Employer recognize that differences may arise between
them during or following the Employee s employment by Employer, and that those differences may or may not be related to the grant of the PRSU Award, settlement and issuance of the Shares or to the Employee s employment. The Employee
understands and agrees that by entering into this Agreement, the Employee 
 8 

anticipates the benefits of a speedy, impartial dispute-resolution procedure of any such differences. The Employee, the Company and Employer agree that disputes between the Employee, the Company
and Employer will be resolved by arbitration as provided by the arbitration provisions set forth in Appendix 3 hereto. As used in Appendix 3 hereto and its subparts, Company shall refer to the Company and to each of its Subsidiaries
(including Employer) and all successors and assigns of either of them. 7.11 Governing Law; Jurisdiction .
The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to that body of law concerning choice of law or conflicts of law, except that the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware GCL shall apply to all matters governed by the GCL, including without limitation matters concerning the validity of grants of performance-based restricted stock units and actions of the Board or the Committee. The
Company and the Employee agree that, subject to the agreement to arbitrate disputes set forth in Section 7.10, the sole and exclusive judicial venues for any dispute, difference, cause of action or legal action of any kind that any party, or
any officer, director, employee, agent or permitted successor or assign of any party may bring against any other party or any subsidiary of a party, or against any officer, director, employee, agent or permitted successor or assign of any of the
foregoing, relating in any manner whatsoever to the Employee s employment by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (including Employer), as the case may be, or to the termination thereof, including without limitation all disputes arising
under this Agreement (a Proceeding ), shall be (a) the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, if such court has statutory jurisdiction over the Proceeding and (b) the Supreme Court of the
State of New York in the County of New York (collectively, the New York Courts ). Each of the parties hereby expressly (i) consents to the personal jurisdiction of each of the New York Courts with respect to any
Proceeding; (ii) agrees that service of process in any Proceeding may be effected upon such party in the manner set forth in Section 7.1 (other than by electronic communication), as well as in any other manner prescribed by law; and
(iii) waives any objection, whether on the grounds of venue, residence or domicile or on the ground that the Proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum, to any Proceeding brought in either of the New York Courts. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph alters the parties agreement to arbitrate disputes as set forth in Section 7.10. 
 7.12 Counterparts; Electronic Delivery . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to
preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents
related to the PRSU Award or future Awards made under the Plan by electronic means or request the Employee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery
and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 [Balance of page left blank intentionally. Signature page follows.] 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this PRSU Award Agreement effective as of the Grant Date
indicated below. 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

By: 

Jonathan L. Steinberg, Chief Executive Officer 

Schedule A 
 Name of Employee: 
 Grant Date: 
 Target Number of PRSUs: , subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.7 
 Vesting Date: The Vesting Date is the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date,
subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.11 
 
 Confirmation 
 WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc. hereby executes this Agreement solely to confirm its agreement to be bound by the term and provisions of Sections 7.10 and
7.11 hereof. 

WISDOMTREE ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: 

Jonathan L. Steinberg, Chief Executive Officer 
 Acceptance The Employee
hereby acknowledges: I have received a copy of this Agreement; I have had the opportunity to consult legal counsel in regard to this Agreement, and have availed myself of that opportunity to the extent I wish to do so (I understand the
Company s attorneys represent the Company and not myself, and I have not relied on any advice from the Company s attorneys); I have read and understand this Agreement; I AM FULLY AWARE OF THE LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION THE EFFECT OF SECTION 7.10 CONCERNING ARBITRATION; I acknowledge that there may be adverse tax consequences upon the grant or vesting of the PRSUs, Shares or disposition thereof and that I have been advised to consult a tax
advisor prior to such grant, vesting or disposition; and I have entered into this Agreement freely and voluntarily and based on my own judgment and not on any representations and promises other than those contained in this Agreement. The Employee
accepts this PRSU Award and underlying Shares subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the rules of the Plan. Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Employee (including through
an online acceptance process) is acceptable. 
 10 

Appendix 1 
 Peer Group 2 

Ticker 
 
 Company 

[ 
 ] 

[ 
 ] 

2 
 Form Note : To be completed at time of grant. 
 11 

Appendix 2 
 Certain Definitions 
 (a) Cause shall mean any one or more of the following acts or omissions by the Employee: 
 (i) the willful and continued failure to (A) materially perform the Employee s duties and
obligations under the Employee s employment agreement or employment offer letter with Employer (the Employment Agreement or (B) to carry out specific legal and lawful directions of a senior officer or the Board (in each
case other than by reason of Disability); (ii) the material breach of any provision of the
Employment Agreement (including a breach of the representations and warranties made by the Employee in the Employment Agreement relating to any restriction on the Employee s employment by Employer); 
 (iii) the material failure to comply with the written policies or rules of the Company; 
 (iv) the commission of an act or failure to act that involves willful misconduct, bad faith or gross
negligence; (v) the commission of any act of fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or similar
willful and malicious conduct against the Company; or (vi) the conviction of, or plea of
 guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, cause
shall not be deemed to exist for a reason specified in clauses (i)(A) or (ii) above unless the Employee has been given written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the act, omission or failure of, or breach by, the Employee and a period of
at least ten (10) days after such notice to cure all of such acts, omissions, failures or breaches, and such shall not have been cured within such ten (10)-day period; provided, further, that Employer
shall not be required to give notice and an opportunity to cure for a reason specified in clauses (i)(A) or (ii) if the Employee has committed the same or substantially similar acts, omissions, failures or breaches and Employer previously has
given the Employee notice of and an opportunity to cure the same. (b) Change of Control shall
mean (i) the acquisition by any person (as defined in Section 3(a)(9) and 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) of more than 50 of the combined voting power of the then
outstanding voting securities of the Company; (ii) the sale by the Company of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Company to one or more purchasers, in one or a series of related transactions, where the transaction or transactions
require approval pursuant to Delaware law by the stockholders of the Company; or (iii) any occurrence of a Sale Event within the meaning of the Plan. 
 (c) Disability shall mean the earlier to occur of either of the following events: 
 (i) the Employee, because of physical or mental disability or incapacity, is unable to perform the
Employee s obligations to, or duties for, the Company pursuant to the Employment Agreement on a full-time basis for ninety (90) consecutive days or a period in excess of one hundred fifty (150) days out of any period of three hundred
sixty (360) consecutive days; or 
 12 

(ii) the determination by a physician selected by
Employer, duly licensed in New York with a medical specialty appropriate for such determination (which determination shall be binding and conclusive for the purposes hereof), that the Employee is either physically or mentally, permanently disabled
or incapacitated or otherwise so disabled or incapacitated that the Employee will be unable to perform the Employee s obligations to, or duties for, the Company pursuant to the Employment Agreement for ninety (90) consecutive days or a
period in excess of one hundred fifty (150) days out of any period of three hundred sixty (360) consecutive days. The Employee s failure to submit to an examination of a physician as requested by Employer hereunder automatically
result in a determination of Disability hereunder. (d) Good Reason shall mean that the Employee
has complied with the Good Reason Process (as defined below) following the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) a material diminution in the Employee s responsibilities, authority or duties (except in
connection with a reasonable diminution in connection with Disability); (ii) a material diminution in the Employee s base salary (or Base Salary if defined in the Employment Agreement) except for across-the-board salary reductions based on the Company s financial performance similarly affecting all or substantially all senior management employees of the Company; (iii) a material change in
the geographic location of the principal place to which the Employee provide services to the Company, not including work-related travel or short-term assignments; or (iv) the material breach of the Employment Agreement by the Company. As used
herein, Good Reason Process shall mean that (i) the Employee reasonably determines in good faith that a good reason condition has occurred; (ii) the Employee notifies the Company in writing of the first
occurrence of the good reason condition within sixty (60) days of the first occurrence of such condition; (iii) the Employee cooperates in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period not less than thirty (30) days
following such notice (the Cure Period ), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, the good reason condition continues to exist; and (v) the Employee terminates the Employee s employment within
sixty (60) days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the good reason condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
 13 

Appendix 3 
 Arbitration Provisions 

(a) 
 Arbitrable Claims . 
 (i) ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE EMPLOYEE (AND THE EMPLOYEE S SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS) AND THE COMPANY (AND ITS
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS AND SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS) RELATING IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER TO THE EMPLOYEE S EMPLOYMENT BY EMPLOYER OR TO THE TERMINATION THEREOF, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL DISPUTES ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
(COLLECTIVELY, ARBITRABLE CLAIMS ), SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY BY BINDING ARBITRATION. Arbitrable Claims shall include, but are not limited to, contract (express or implied) and tort claims of all kinds, as well as all claims
based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation (including but not limited to claims alleging unlawful harassment or discrimination in violation of Title VII and/or Title IX of the U.S. Code, of the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act, of the Americans with Disabilities Act, of state statute, or otherwise), excepting only claims under applicable workers compensation law and unemployment insurance claims. Arbitration shall be final and binding upon the parties and shall
be the exclusive remedy for all Arbitrable Claims. Except as provided in clause (a)(ii) of this Appendix 3, the Arbitrator (as defined below) shall decide whether a claim is an Arbitrable Claim. THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYEE HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS
THAT THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN REGARD TO ARBITRABLE CLAIMS. (ii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Company may enforce in court, without prior resort to arbitration, any claim concerning actual or threatened unfair competition and/or the actual or threatened use and/or unauthorized disclosure of confidential or proprietary
information of the Company and/or any restrictive covenant contained in the then effective employment agreement between Employer and the Employee (such matters, Restrictive Covenants ). Such court shall determine whether a claim
concerns Restrictive Covenants. (iii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Employee may enforce in
court, without prior resort to arbitration, any claim seeking indemnification pursuant to the terms of the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Employee (such agreement, the Indemnification Agreement ). 

(b) 
 Arbitration Procedure . 
 (i) American Arbitration Association Rules; Initiation of Arbitration; Location of Arbitration . Arbitration of
Arbitrable Claims shall be in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA Rules ), except as provided otherwise in the Agreement or this Appendix 3. Arbitration shall be
initiated by providing written notice to the other party with a statement of the claim(s) asserted, the facts upon which the claim(s) are based, and the remedy sought. This notice shall be provided to the other party within six (6) months of
the acts or omissions complained of. Any claim not initiated within this limitations period shall be null and void, and the Company and the Employee waive all rights under statutes of limitation of different duration. The arbitration shall take
place in New York, New York. (ii) Selection of Arbitrator . All disputes involving Arbitrable Claims shall
be decided by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator ), who shall be selected as follows. The American Arbitration Association AAA shall give each party a list of eleven (11) arbitrators drawn from its panel
of employment arbitrators (the Name List ). Each party may strike up to six (6) names on the Name List it deems unacceptable, and shall notify the other party of the names it has stricken, within fourteen (14) calendar
days of the date the AAA gave notice of the Name List. If only one common name on the Name List remains unstricken by the parties, that individual shall be designated as the Arbitrator. If more than one common name remains on the 
 14 

Name List unstricken by parties, the Employee shall strike one of the remaining names and notify the Company, within seven (7) calendar days of notification of the list of unstricken names.
If, after the Employee strikes a name as set forth in the preceding sentence, there are still two or more unstricken names, the Company and the Employee shall alternately strike names (with the Company having the next strike) and notify the other
party of the stricken name within seven (7) calendar days, until only one remains. If no common name on the initial Name List remains unstricken by the parties, the AAA shall furnish an additional list or lists, and the parties shall proceed as
set forth above, until an Arbitrator is selected. (iii) Conduct of the Arbitration . 
 (1) Discovery . To help prepare for the arbitration, the Employee and the Company shall be entitled, at their own
expense, to learn about the facts of a claim before the arbitration begins. Each party shall have the right to take the deposition of one (1) individual and any expert witness designated by another party. Each party also shall have the right to
make requests for production of documents to any party. Additional discovery may be had only where the Arbitrator so orders, upon a showing of substantial need. At least thirty (30) days before the arbitration, the parties must exchange lists
of witnesses, including any expert witnesses, and copies of all exhibits intended to be used at the arbitration. 
 (2) Authority . The Arbitrator shall have jurisdiction to hear and rule on
 pre-hearing disputes and is authorized to hold pre-hearing conferences by telephone or in person as the Arbitrator deems necessary. The Arbitrator shall have the
authority to entertain a motion to dismiss and/or a motion for summary judgment by any party and shall apply the standards governing such motions under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The Arbitrator shall apply the substantive law (and the law
of remedies, if applicable) of the state in which the claim arose, or federal law, or both, as applicable to the claim(s) asserted. The Arbitrator shall have the authority to award equitable relief, damages, costs and fees as provided by the law for
the particular claim(s) asserted. The Arbitrator shall not have the power to award remedies or relief that a New York Court could not have awarded. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply. The burden of proof shall be allocated as provided by
applicable law. Except as provided in clause (a)(ii) of this Appendix 3, the Arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability,
enforceability or formation of the Agreement (including this Appendix 3), including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of any of the Agreement (including this Appendix 3) is void or voidable and any assertion that a dispute between
the Employee and the Company is not an Arbitrable Claim. The arbitration shall be final and binding upon the parties. 
 (3) Costs . Either party, at its expense, may arrange for and pay the cost of a court reporter to provide a
stenographic record of the proceedings. If the Arbitrator orders a stenographic record, the parties shall split the cost. Except as otherwise provided in clause (b)(iii)(6) of this Appendix 3, the Employee and the Company shall equally share the
fees and costs of the arbitration and the Arbitrator, and the reference to the fees and costs of the arbitration and the Arbitrator in the preceding sentence is not intended to include the fees and expense of either party s legal
counsel or other advisors, but only the fees and costs imposed on the parties by the AAA in connection with an arbitration conducted under the auspices of the AAA. 
 (4) Confidentiality . All proceedings and documents prepared in connection with any Arbitrable Claim shall be
confidential and, unless otherwise required by law, the subject matter thereof shall not be disclosed to any person other than the parties to the proceeding, their counsel, witnesses and experts, the Arbitrator, and, if involved, the court and court
staff. All documents filed with the Arbitrator or with a court shall be filed under seal. The parties shall stipulate to all arbitration and court orders necessary to effectuate fully the provisions of this subparagraph concerning confidentiality.
 
 15 

(5) Enforceability . Either party may bring an action in any
court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration under the Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Except as provided above, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit or administrative action in any way related to any
Arbitrable Claim. The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of Section 7.10 and this Appendix 3. 
 (6) Limited Right to Attorney s Fees and Expenses . The Employee and the Company shall be
entitled to an award in their favor by the Arbitrator that includes reimbursement for (i) their costs associated with the fees and costs of the arbitration and the Arbitrator within the meaning set forth in clause (b)(iii)(3) of this Appendix 3
and (ii) their reasonable attorney s fees and expenses in the following circumstances: (x) to the Employee, in connection with enforcing the Employee s claim for indemnification under the Indemnification Agreement, (y) to
the Employee, if the Employee is the substantially prevailing party, in connection with enforcing the Employee s rights under Section 3.11 of the Agreement, and (z) to the substantially prevailing party from the non-prevailing party, in connection with enforcing Restrictive Covenants. 
 16 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 d426509dex1025.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10.25 

EXHIBIT 10.25 
 [General Form for Grants to UK Resident Executive Officers after January 1, 2023] 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 UNDER THE WISDOMTREE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
 2022 EQUITY PLAN AND THE UK SUB-PLAN OF THE 2022 EQUITY PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), effective as of the Grant Date (as defined below),
by and between WisdomTree, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as WisdomTree Investments, Inc., the Company 1 , and the employee of WisdomTree Europe Limited, WisdomTree
UK Limited or WisdomTree Ireland Limited, as the case may be, each a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and collectively referred to herein as WTE , whose name is set forth on the signature page of this Agreement (the
 Employee ). Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Company s 2022 Equity Plan and the UK Sub-Plan of the
Company s 2022 Equity Plan (together, the Plan ). WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the
 Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee has authorized the grant to the Employee of an award of the number (the Target Number of Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Units PRSUs set forth on Schedule A Schedule A included on the signature page of this Agreement (the PRSU Award ), pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and
conditioned upon the Employee s acceptance thereof upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the
Employee desires to accept the PRSU Award on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 IT IS AGREED: 
 1. Grant of PRSUs . 
 1.1 The Company hereby issues to the Employee, effective as of the grant date set forth on Schedule A
included on the signature page of this Agreement (the Grant Date ), the PRSU Award on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The PRSU Award represents the right to receive, on the Vesting Date (as defined
below), the number of shares of authorized but previously unissued common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company (each, a Share , and collectively, the Shares set forth in Section 3.2 or
Section 3.11, as the case may be. 1.2 Subject to Section 3.11 hereof, the PRSU Award
shall be subject to forfeiture if the Employee s employment by WTE is terminated for any reason prior to the Vesting Date. 
 1.3 The Employee shall not have any rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to
the PRSUs unless and until (a) the PRSUs have vested as provided in this Agreement and (b) the Shares have been settled and issued to the Employee in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 2. Restrictions on Transfer of PRSU Award . The PRSU Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or
otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Employee, and any Shares issuable with respect to the PRSU Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until (a) the PRSUs have vested as provided in
this Agreement and (b) the Shares have been settled and issued to the Employee in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 

1 
 The name of the Company was changed to WisdomTree, Inc. effective November 7, 2022.
 
 1 

3. Vesting and Settlement of PRSUs . 
 3.1 If the Employee remains an employee of WTE through the Vesting Date, the number of PRSUs determined
pursuant to Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6, or the number of PRSUs determined pursuant to Section 3.11, as applicable, shall vest and shall no longer be subject to forfeiture by the Employee. The Vesting Date shall be the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.11. 
 3.2 Except as set forth in Section 3.11, promptly following the Vesting Date (but in no event later
than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurs), the Company shall issue to the Employee the number of Shares equal to the product of (a) the Target Number multiplied by (b) the Payout
Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number of Shares. 
 3.3 In connection with the issuance of Shares pursuant to Section 3.2 or Section 3.11, the
Company, in its discretion, shall instruct its transfer agent to issue and deliver to the Employee (or, if applicable, to the personal representatives of the Employee) evidence of book-entry or a certificate for such Shares (which may be through an on-line or electronic system). Upon and following the settlement of the PRSUs in Shares, the Employee shall have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such Shares, including the right to
vote such Shares, to receive and retain all dividends as the Board may, in its sole discretion, pay on such Shares, and to exercise all of the rights, powers and privileges of a holder of common stock with respect to such Shares. 
 3.4 Subject to Section 3.6, the Payout Ratio shall mean the following: 

(a) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile (as defined below) is below the twenty-fifth (25 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be zero percent (0 ); 

(b) 
 the Relative TSR Percentile is equal to the twenty-fifth
(25 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be fifty percent (50 ); 

(c) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile is greater than the twenty-fifth (25 th percentile but less than or equal to the fiftieth (50 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be the sum of (i) fifty percent (50 plus
(ii) the product of (x) two percent (2 multiplied by (y) the percentile amount by which the Relative TSR Percentile exceeds the twenty-fifth (25 th percentile;

(d) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile is greater than the fiftieth
(50 th percentile but less than the eighty-fifth (85 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be the sum of (i) one hundred percent (100 plus (ii) the product of (x) two point eight six percent (2.86 multiplied by (y) the percentile amount by which the Relative TSR Percentile exceeds the fiftieth (50 th percentile;
and 

(e) 
 if the Relative TSR Percentile is equal to the eighty-fifth
(85 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall be two hundred percent (200 ). In no event shall the Company issue more than a number of Shares equal to two hundred percent (200 of the Target Number.
 
 2 

The table below illustrates what the Payout Ratio would be for various Relative TSR
Percentiles: 

Relative TSR 
 Percentile 
 
 Payout Ratio 
 
 Relative TSR Percentile 
 
 Payout Ratio 

Below 25 th 
 
 0 
 
 60 th 
 
 128.6 
 
 25 th 
 
 50 
 
 70 th 
 
 157.2 
 
 30 th 
 
 60 
 
 80 th 
 
 185.8 
 
 35 th 
 
 70 
 
 85 th and above 
 
 200 
 
 40 th 
 
 80 

50 th 
 
 100 

3.5 Relative TSR Percentile shall be determined as
follows: 

(a) 
 the total shareholder return TSR of each member of the Peer Group (as defined below) shall
be the percentage by which the following quotient exceeds (or is less than) one hundred percent (100 ): the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the average per-share value of the publicly traded common
stock of the Peer Group member for the ninety (90) calendar day period ending on the Vesting Date, as adjusted to account for (x) the deemed reinvestment of any dividends declared on such stock, and (y) any merger, reorganization,
consolidation, dividend (other than cash dividend), stock split, reverse stock split, or similar change in corporate structure affecting the number of issued shares of common stock of the Peer Group member Adjustments ), in each
case between the Grant Date and the Vesting Date, by (ii) the average per-share value of the publicly traded common stock of the Peer Group member for the ninety (90) calendar day period ending on
the Grant Date, as adjusted to account for any Adjustments within such ninety (90)-day period, with any such Adjustments set forth herein to be as computed by Bloomberg or another data service widely utilized
in the industry; 

(b) 
 the companies in the Peer Group shall be ranked in the order of their respective TSRs, with the company having
the highest TSR ranked at the top and being deemed to have Relative TSR Percentile equal to the one hundredth (100 th percentile; 

(c) 
 the Relative TSR Percentile of each company below the top-ranked 
company shall be the percentile obtained by subtracting, from one hundred (100), the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Rank Increment (as defined below) by (ii) the number of companies in the Peer Group that have a TSR higher than
such company; and 

(d) 
 the Rank Increment shall mean the quotient obtained by dividing one hundred (100) by
the number of companies in the Peer Group as of the Vesting Date. The Peer Group shall be the
publicly-traded companies (which shall include the Company) set forth on Appendix 1. Companies may not be added to the Peer Group after the Grant Date. If, after the Grant Date, a company in the Peer Group (x) ceases to be publicly-traded
(whether as a result of being acquired or otherwise), it shall be removed from the Peer Group, (y) merges with another company and is the surviving entity, then it will remain in the Peer Group, or (z) either: (1) files for bankruptcy,
reorganization, or liquidation under any chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (2) is the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding that is not dismissed within thirty (30) days; (3) is the subject of a stockholder approved plan of
liquidation or dissolution; or (4) ceases to conduct substantial business operations, it shall continue to be included in the Peer Group with a deemed TSR of negative one hundred percent (-100 ). 
 3 

3.6 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary:

(a) 
 if the Company s TSR is negative, the Payout Ratio shall not exceed one hundred percent (100 ); and

(b) 
 if the Fair Market Value of the Shares that vest pursuant to this PRSU Award (calculated as the number of such
vested Shares multiplied by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Vesting Date) exceeds six (6) times the product of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the Grant Date, multiplied by (ii) the Target Number (such product, the
 Grant Date Value Multiple ), then the Payout Ratio shall be reduced such that the number of Shares that vest shall be equal to six (6) times the Grant Date Value Multiple; provided, however, that (x) if the Company s
Relative TSR Percentile is equal to or above the fiftieth (50 th percentile, the Payout Ratio shall not be reduced to below one hundred percent (100 and (y) no such reduction shall be made
in the event of a Change of Control. 3.7 Dividend Equivalents; Stock Splits,
Reverse Splits, Recapitalizations, Etc . 3.7.1 If the Company declares a cash dividend (each, a
 Dividend on its Shares at any time on or after the Grant Date and on or prior to the Vesting Date, the Target Number shall be adjusted as follows: as of the ex-dividend date of the
Dividend, the Target Number immediately preceding such date shall be multiplied by the sum of (a) one (1) plus (b) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Dividend per Share by (ii) the Fair Market of a Share as of the ex-dividend date of such Dividend. 3.7.2 In the event of any merger,
reorganization, consolidation, dividend (other than cash dividend), stock split, reverse stock split, or similar change in corporate structure affecting the number of issued Shares, the Company shall proportionally adjust the Target Number in order
to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the Employee s proportionate interest in the Company and the Employee s rights hereunder. 
 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.11, if, at any time prior to the vesting of the PRSUs in
accordance with this Agreement, the Employee s employment is terminated for any reason, then the PRSUs that have not then vested shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Employee, nor any of the
Employee s successors, assigns or personal representatives will thereafter have any rights or interests with respect to such PRSUs or any Shares underlying the PRSUs, and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Employee under
this Agreement. 3.9 Employment . The Employee shall be considered
to be employed by WTE for purposes hereof if the Employee is a full-time employee of WTE (or of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) or, if the Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the
decision of the Committee) determines in its sole and absolute discretion, the Employee is rendering substantial services to the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company, including WTE) as a part-time employee of the Company (or of any Subsidiary
of the Company, including WTE). The Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether the Employee has ceased to be
employed by WTE (or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) and the effective date on which such employment terminated. For purposes of this Agreement, if the Employee s employment is transferred from WTE to the Company or to a Subsidiary
of the Company, references herein to WTE shall be read to be such new employing entity, as applicable. 
 4 

3.10 No Right to Employment or Compensation for
Loss of Benefit . Nothing in the Plan or in this Agreement shall confer on the Employee any right to continue in the employ of, or in any other relationship with, WTE or the Company (or with any Subsidiary of the Company) or limit in any way the
right of WTE and the Company (or of any Subsidiary of the Company) to terminate the Employee s employment with WTE or the Company (or with any Subsidiary of the Company) at any time, with or without cause. The terms of the Employee s
employment shall not be affected in any way by the grant, holding, vesting or other dealing with the PRSUs pursuant to this Agreement, and the Employee has no entitlement to, may not claim and shall be deemed to have waived any right to,
compensation or damages, or any other remedy, from WTE or the Company or any Subsidiary for any loss or curtailment of any right or benefit accrued or in prospect under this Agreement that arises, to any extent, from termination of employment. 
 3.11 Accelerated or Continued Vesting in Certain Circumstances . 
 3.11.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Section 3.11, the definitions of the terms Change of
Control and Disability set forth in Appendix 2 hereto shall apply. As used in Appendix 2 hereto and its subparts, Company shall refer to, as the context requires, either (a) WTE, the Company, the WT Trust Entities
and the Subsidiaries of the Company or WTE collectively, or (b) any one or more of such entities, and all successors and assigns of any of them. WT Trust Entities means WisdomTree Trust, WisdomTree Digital Trust, WisdomTree Bitcoin
Trust and WisdomTree Ethereum Trust. 3.11.2 Upon the Employee s Death, Disability or the Occurrence of a
Change of Control . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1.1 and 3.1, in the event that, prior to the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, either (a) the Employee dies,
(b) the Employee s employment is terminated by the Company or WTE due to the Employee s Disability or (c) a Change of Control occurs, the Vesting Date shall be deemed to be the date of such event and the
Company shall issue to the Employee the number of Shares equal to the product of (i) the Target Number multiplied by (ii) the Payout Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number of
Shares. 3.11.3 Upon the Employee s Involuntary Termination . Notwithstanding the provisions of
Sections 1.1 and 3.1, in the event that, prior to the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, WTE terminates the Employee s employment other than due to the Employee s death,
Disability or for cause (with the determination as to whether the termination is for cause to be made by the Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) in accordance with
the terms of any employment contract between the Employee and WTE) (the date of any such event, the Involuntary Termination Date ), the Vesting Date shall be deemed to be the Involuntary Termination Date and the
Company shall (subject always to Section 4) issue to the Employee (or the Employee s personal representatives) the number of Shares equal to the product of (i) the Adjusted Target Number (as defined below) multiplied by (ii) the
Payout Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number of Shares. The Adjusted Target Number shall mean: 
 5 

(A) 
 one-third (1/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination
Date occurs prior to the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(B) 
 two-thirds (2/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination
Date occurs on or after the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date; and

(C) 
 the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination Date occurs on or after the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3.8, if the Involuntary Termination Date occurs prior to the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date, any unvested PRSUs shall not terminate or be forfeited as of such date but shall instead remain outstanding until the date that is twelve (12) months thereafter
and if a Change of Control occurs within twelve (12) months of the Involuntary Termination Date, another Vesting Date shall be deemed to occur on the date of the Change of Control, and the Company shall issue to the Employee
the number of Shares equal to the product of (x) the Supplemental Adjusted Target Number (as defined below) multiplied by (y) the Payout Ratio. If such product is not a whole number, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number
of Shares. The Supplemental Adjusted Target Number shall mean: (I) two-thirds (2/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination Date occurs prior to the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date and (II) one-third (1/3) of the Target Number, if the Involuntary Termination Date occurs on or after the first (1 st anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the second (2 nd anniversary of the Grant Date. Any unvested PRSUs as of the earlier of the date of a
Change of Control and the date that is twelve (12) months following the Involuntary Termination Date shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Employee, nor any of the Employee s successors, assigns
or personal representatives will thereafter have any rights or interests with respect to such PRSUs or any Shares underlying the PRSUs, and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Employee under this Agreement. 
 3.11.4 Upon the Employee s Retirement . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1.1 and 3.1, in the
event of the Employee s retirement prior to the Vesting Date, all the PRSUs that are subject to forfeiture at the time of retirement would have otherwise vested had the Employee remained employed through the Vesting Date shall vest on the
Vesting Date in accordance with Section 3.2. For purposes of this Agreement, the term retirement means retirement from active employment on or after reaching age 62 and having been employed by WTE (or the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company) for at least seven (7) years as of the retirement date, provided that, following such retirement, the Employee no longer works in the asset management or financial services industries other than serving as a non-employee director. The Committee (or the Board in the absence of a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether a
retirement has occurred and whether the Employee has complied with the conditions of retirement through the Vesting Date. 
 4. Taxes. The Employee acknowledges and agrees to comply with the obligations of the Plan set out at Sections 8
and 13 (as such provisions are amended and implemented by the UK Sub-Plan). These include, without limiting the effect of those provisions: 
 4.1 if the Company is liable to account for Employer NICs by virtue of the grant or vesting of the PRSU
Award or the settlement of PRSUs in the form of Shares in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan, to the extent the Employer s NICs may lawfully be borne by the Employee and the Company has determined that the Employee shall be required to
bear the cost, it may be made a condition of the settlement of the PRSUs that the Employee will either (i) meet the Company s liability to pay the Employer NICs or (ii) enter into an election to transfer the liability for the Employer
NICs to the Employee in a form approved by HMRC and enter into such arrangements as may be approved by HMRC in order to ensure that the Employer NICs liability can be met; and 
 6 

4.2 it may be made a condition of the settlement of
the PRSUs in the form of Shares that the Employee shall enter into a valid joint election under section 431(1) of ITEPA 2003 to disapply the provisions of Chapter 2 of Part 7 of ITEPA 2003 in respect of the Shares. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of the Company under the Plan and pursuant to this Agreement shall be conditional
upon such payment and continued compliance with such obligations. The Company and any person who has any obligation to account for Payroll Taxes in respect of the grant or vesting of this PRSU Award or the issue of Shares to the Employee on
settlement of the PRSUs, shall have the right to deduct (to the extent permitted by law) any such Payroll Taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Employee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee (or the Board in the absence of
a decision by the Committee or in over-riding the decision of the Committee), any Payroll Taxes shall be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Company withholding from the Shares otherwise required to be issued to the Employee in settlement of the
PSRUs such number of Shares as has an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the Payroll Taxes; provided , however , that the Company may determine (in its sole and absolute
discretion) that such Payroll Tax liability may instead be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Employee either: (x) making a payment to the relevant Group Company of an amount equal to that liability; or (y) entering into arrangements
to the satisfaction of the Company to secure that such payment is made. 5. Employee Representations . The
Employee hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) the Employee has received a copy of the Plan and
the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as in effect as of the date of this Agreement; 
 (b) the Employee has received a copy of all reports and documents required to be filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within the last twenty-four (24) months and all reports issued by the Company to its stockholders; 
 (c) the Employee (x) has reviewed with the Employee s own tax advisors the applicable tax (U.K., state,
local, foreign and U.S.) consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (y) is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or WTE or any of their respective agents, and
(z) understands that the Employee (and not the Company or its Subsidiaries) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 
 (d) the Employee understands that the Employee must bear the economic risk of the investment in the Shares, when
issued; and (e) the Employee has had such an opportunity as the Employee has deemed adequate to obtain from the
Company such information as is necessary to permit the Employee to evaluate the merits and risks of the Employee s investment in the Company and has had the opportunity to consult with the Employee s own advisers with respect to the
investment in the Company. 
 7 

6. Miscellaneous . 
 6.1 Notices . All notices, requests, deliveries, payments, demands and other communications which
are required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either (a) delivered personally or by private courier e.g. , Federal Express), (b) sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (c) sent by electronic communication (via e-mail or through an electronic platform approved by the Company), with confirmation of transmission thereof, and shall be deemed
duly given hereunder when delivered in person or by private courier, on the third business day following deposit in the mail as set forth in subsection (b) above, or, if sent by electronic communication, on the date sent by such transmission
during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient. Such communications shall be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses: (i) if to the Company or
WTE, at their respective principal executive offices, attention: Legal Department, at legalnotice@wisdomtree.com; and (ii) if to the Employee, at the Employee s last known residence address or e-mail 
address as indicated in the employment records of WTE. Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 
 6.2 Plan Paramount; Conflicts with Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this
Agreement shall, in all respects, be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, whether or not stated herein, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. In the event of a conflict
between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall in all respects be controlling. 
 6.3 Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or
terminated by the Company at any time, in its discretion, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The grant of the PRSU Award in this Agreement and, upon vesting, the issuance of the underlying Shares, does not create any contractual right or
other right to receive any restricted stock unit or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment
of the terms and conditions of the Employee s employment with WTE. 6.4 Amendments;
Waiver . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by each of the parties. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power under this Agreement shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, or power under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law
or in equity. All rights and remedies, whether conferred by this Agreement, by any other instrument or by law, shall be cumulative, and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. 
 6.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior undertakings and agreements, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. To
the extent that the policies and procedures of WTE or the Company apply to the Employee and are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the provisions of the Agreement shall control. 
 8 

6.6 Binding Effect; Successors . This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and, to the extent not prohibited herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. 
 6.7 Severability; Enforcement . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect (an Impaired Provision ), (a) such Impaired Provision shall be interpreted in such a manner as to preserve, to the maximum extent possible, the intent of the parties, (b) the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (c) such decision shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such Impaired Provision under other circumstances. The parties
agree to negotiate in good faith and agree upon a provision to substitute for the Impaired Provision in the circumstances in which the Impaired Provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 6.8 Rights of Third Parties . Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer
upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective permitted successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. The UK
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act of 1999 shall not apply to this Agreement and no person other than parties hereto shall have any rights under this Agreement nor shall this Agreement be enforceable under that Act by any person other than the
parties to this Agreement. 6.9 Headings . The Section headings used herein are for
convenience only and do not define, limit or construe the content of such sections. All references in this Agreement to Section numbers refer to Sections of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. 
 6.10 Governing Law; Jurisdiction . The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to that body of law concerning choice of law or conflicts of law, except that the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware GCL shall apply to all matters governed
by the GCL, including without limitation matters concerning the validity of grants of performance-based restricted stock units and actions of the Board or the Committee. 
 6.11 Counterparts; Electronic Delivery . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic
means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver
any documents related to the PRSU Award or future Awards made under the Plan by electronic means or request the Employee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 [Balance of page left blank intentionally. Signature page follows.] 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this PRSU Award Agreement effective as of the Grant Date
indicated below. 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

By: 

Jonathan L. Steinberg, Chief Executive Officer 

Schedule A 
 Name of Employee: 
 Grant Date: Target Number of PRSUs:
 , subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.7 Vesting Date: The Vesting Date is the third (3 rd anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.11 

Acceptance The Employee hereby acknowledges: I have
received a copy of this Agreement; I have had the opportunity to consult legal counsel in regard to this Agreement, and have availed myself of that opportunity to the extent I wish to do so (I understand the Company s attorneys represent the
Company and not myself, and I have not relied on any advice from the Company s attorneys); I have read and understand this Agreement; I AM FULLY AWARE OF THE LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT; I acknowledge that there may be adverse tax
consequences upon the grant or vesting of the PRSUs, Shares or disposition thereof and that I have been advised to consult a tax advisor prior to such grant, vesting or disposition; and I have entered into this Agreement freely and voluntarily and
based on my own judgment and not on any representations and promises other than those contained in this Agreement. The Employee understands that the
Company will receive personal data from WTE to administer the Plan and this Agreement and will process such personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Employees (as may be updated from time to time) provided to the Employee
and which is referenced in the staff handbook of WTE. The Employee accepts this PRSU Award and underlying Shares subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the rules of the Plan. Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Employee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. 
 10 

Appendix 1 
 Peer Group 2 

Ticker 
 
 Company 

[ 
 ] 

[ 
 ] 

2 
 Form Note : To be completed at time of grant. 
 11 

Appendix 2 
 Certain Definitions 
 (a) Change of Control shall mean (i) the acquisition by any person (as defined in
Section 3(a)(9) and 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) of more than 50 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company; (ii) the sale by the
Company of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Company to one or more purchasers, in one or a series of related transactions, where the transaction or transactions require approval pursuant to Delaware law by the stockholders of the
Company; or (iii) any occurrence of a Sale Event within the meaning of the Plan. 
 (b) Disability shall mean the earlier to occur of either of the following events: 
 (i) the Employee, because of physical or mental disability or incapacity, is unable to perform the
Employee s obligations to, or duties for, the Company pursuant to Employee s Employment Agreement on a full-time basis for ninety (90) consecutive days or a period in excess of one hundred fifty (150) days out of any period of
three hundred sixty (360) consecutive days; or (ii) the determination by WTE (where
appropriate after receiving a report from a physician selected by WTE) that the Employee is either physically or mentally, permanently disabled or incapacitated or otherwise so disabled or incapacitated that the Employee will be unable to perform
the Employee s obligations to, or duties for, the Company pursuant to the Employment Agreement for ninety (90) consecutive days or a period in excess of one hundred fifty (150) days out of any period of three hundred sixty
(360) consecutive days. 
 12 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 d426509dex1026.htm
 EX-10.26

EX-10.26 

EXHIBIT 10.26 
 WISDOMTREE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PROGRAM 

I. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 The WisdomTree Investments, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Program (the
 Program is established pursuant to the WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 2022 Equity Plan (the Plan and permits each Director of WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (the
 Company 1 who is not an employee of the Company (a Non-Employee Director to elect to defer receipt of all or any portion of the
annual restricted stock award RSA Retainer to be granted to him or her for services as a member of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meanings set forth in the Plan. 

II. 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 This Program shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). The Committee shall have complete
discretion and authority with respect to this Program and its application, except as expressly limited by this Program. 

III. 
 ELIGIBILITY 
 All Non-Employee Directors are eligible to participate in this Program. 

IV. 
 DEFERRAL OF RETAINER FEES 
 A. Election to Defer . A Non-Employee Director may elect in advance to
defer all or any portion of his or her RSA Retainer. To make such an election, the Non-Employee Director must execute and deliver to the Company an election form specifying that the Non-Employee Director wishes to defer all or any portion his or her RSA Retainer and the percentage he or she elects to defer. Except with respect to a newly eligible
 Non-Employee Director (including any Non-Employee Director serving as of the date that this Program is initially adopted by the Board and any newly elected or appointed Non-Employee Director), any election under this paragraph shall apply only to RSA Retainers that are earned with respect to services to be performed in the calendar years beginning after receipt of the election form
by the Company. A newly eligible Non-Employee Director, may, within 30 days of first becoming eligible to participate in this Program (i.e., upon the initial adoption of this Program by the Board for Non-Employee Directors serving as of the date this Program is initially adopted by the Board or upon being elected or appointed as a Non-Employee Director, as applicable),
file an election form, which shall apply only to RSA Retainers to be earned with respect to services to be performed subsequent to receipt of such election form by the Company. A Non-Employee Director may
revoke his or her deferral election by notifying the Company of such revocation in writing, but such revocation will only become effective with respect to RSA Retainers to be granted in calendar years beginning after the date of receipt of such
revocation by the Company. All elections must be made and revocations should be made during an open window period while the Non-Employee Director is not in possession of any material non-public information relating to the Company. 

1 
 The name of the Company was changed to WisdomTree, Inc. effective November 7, 2022.

B. Deferred Account . As of the date of the Company s
annual meeting of stockholders, a Non-Employee Director s deferred account Account shall be credited with a number of whole stock units equal to the number of shares of restricted stock that
would have been granted as the portion of the RSA Retainer the Non-Employee Director elected to defer for the calendar year. 
 C. Dividend Equivalent Amounts . Whenever dividends (other than dividends payable only in shares of Stock) are
paid with respect to shares of Stock, each Account shall be credited with a number of whole and fractional stock units determined by multiplying the dividend value per share by the stock unit balance of the Account on the dividend record date and
dividing the result by the fair market value of a share of Stock on the dividend payment date. Any stock units credited to an Account in respect of stock units that are unvested and remain subject to forfeiture shall be subject to forfeiture under
the same conditions as such unvested stock units and shall be settled only upon settlement of the stock units with respect to which they were credited. 
 D. Designation of Beneficiary . A Non-Employee Director may designate one
or more beneficiaries to receive payments from his or her Account in the event of his or her death. A designation of beneficiary may apply to a specified percentage of a Non-Employee Director s entire
interest in his or her Account. Such designation, or any change therein, must be in writing and shall be effective upon receipt by the Company. If there is no effective designation of beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives the Non-Employee Director, the estate of the Non-Employee Director shall be deemed to be the beneficiary. All payments to a beneficiary or estate shall be made in a lump sum in
shares of Stock, with any fractional shares paid in cash. E. Payment . All amounts credited to a Non-Employee Director s Account shall be paid in shares of Stock to the Non-Employee Director, or his or her designated beneficiary (or beneficiaries) or estate, in a
lump sum as soon as practicable (but in no event later than the later of the last day of the calendar year in which such event occurs or two and one-half months after such event occurs) after the date
specified in the Non-Employee Director s election form; provided, however, that fractional shares shall be paid in cash. 

V. 
 ADJUSTMENTS 
 In the event of a stock dividend, stock split or similar change in capitalization affecting the Stock, the Committee shall make appropriate
adjustments in the number of stock units credited to Non-Employee Directors Accounts. 

VI. 
 AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PROGRAM 
 The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the Program at any time, by action of the Board, provided that no such action shall
adversely affect a Non-Employee Director s right to receive compensation earned before the date of such action or his or her rights under the Program with respect to amounts credited to his or her Account
before the date of such action. In no event shall the distribution of Accounts to Non-Employee Directors be accelerated by virtue of any amendment or termination of the Program. 
 2 

VII. 
 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 A. Notices . Any notice required or permitted to be given by the Company or the Committee pursuant to the Program
shall be deemed given when personally delivered or deposited in the United States mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, addressed to the Non-Employee Director at the last address shown for the Non-Employee Director on the records of the Company. B. Nontransferability of
Rights . During a Non-Employee Director s lifetime, any payment under the Program shall be made only to the Non-Employee Director. No sum or other interest under
the Program shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt by a Non-Employee Director or any beneficiary under the
Program to do so shall be void. No interest under this Program shall in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of a Non-Employee Director or beneficiary
entitled thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may make payments to an individual other than the Non-Employee Director to the extent required by a domestic relations order. 
 C. Company s Obligations to Be Unfunded and Unsecured . The Accounts maintained under this Program shall at
all times be entirely unfunded, and no provision shall at any time be made with respect to segregating assets of the Company (including Stock) for payment of any amounts hereunder. No Non-Employee Director or
other person shall have any interest in any particular assets of the Company (including Stock) by reason of the right to receive payment under this Program, and any Non-Employee Director or other person shall
have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to any rights under this Program. 
 D. Section 409A . This Program is intended to be a compliant deferred compensation plan under Section 409A
of the Code and shall be administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A. E. Governing
Law . The terms of the Program shall be governed, construed, administered and regulated in accordance with, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, applied without regard to conflict of law principles. In the event any provision of this Program shall be determined to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the other
provisions shall continue in full force and effect as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 
 F. Incorporation of the Plan . This Program shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 G. Effective Date of Program . This Program shall become effective as of June 7, 2022. 
 3 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 d426509dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree International Group, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree Digital Commodity Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree Digital Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree Digital Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree Securities, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree Digital Movement, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 WisdomTree International Holdings Ltd 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 WisdomTree Europe Holdings Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 Electra Target HoldCo Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Holdings (Jersey) Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Management Limited 
 
 Ireland 
 
 WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 WisdomTree Europe Ltd 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 WisdomTree Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 
 
 WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 WisdomTree Issuer X Limited 
 
 Jersey 
 
 Gold Bullion Securities Limited 
 
 Jersey 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 d426509dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-212128 and 333-266321) pertaining to the equity plans of WisdomTree, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2016 and
July 25, 2022 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of WisdomTree, Inc.
and Subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/
Ernst Young LLP New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 d426509dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification I, Jonathan Steinberg,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WisdomTree, Inc.;

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jonathan Steinberg 

Jonathan Steinberg 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 d426509dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification I, Bryan Edmiston, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WisdomTree, Inc.;

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bryan Edmiston 

Bryan Edmiston 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 d426509dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of WisdomTree, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for
the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Jonathan Steinberg, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Bryan Edmiston, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to our knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. This certification is being furnished and not filed, and shall not be
incorporated into any documents for any purpose, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement require by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jonathan Steinberg 

Jonathan Steinberg 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bryan Edmiston 

Bryan Edmiston 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 wetf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 wetf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 wetf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 wetf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

