<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1587987_0001587987-23-000073.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>107927793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1952686</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>33144489</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>33104990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>38125453</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>365182</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>25</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001587987-23-000073.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315180748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001587987-23-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		158
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewtekOne, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001587987
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				463755188
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36742
		FILM NUMBER:		23736527

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 T REX AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-356-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 T REX AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Newtek Business Services Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130930

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001587987-23-000073.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 newt-20221231.htm
 10-K

newt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____to_____ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial or accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million as of the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter of 2022, based on a closing price on that date of 18.93 on the Nasdaq Global Market. For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been treated as affiliates. 
 
 As of March 14, 2023, there were shares issued and outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.02 per share. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Page PART I 
 1. 
 Business 
 8 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 33 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 58 
 2. 
 Properties 
 59 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 59 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 
 PART II 
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 60 
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 67 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 68 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 93 
 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 93 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 94 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 94 
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 94 
 PART III 
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 95 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 100 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 113 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships, Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 114 
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 115 
 PART IV 
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 115 
 Exhibits Index 
 117 
 Signatures 
 120 
 Financial Statements 
 120 

Table of Contents 

Defined Terms 
 
 We have used we, us, our, our company, and the Company to refer to NewtekOne, Inc. and its subsidiaries in this report. We also have used several other terms in this report, which are explained or defined below: 
 Terms 1940 Act Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 2016-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2016-1, terminated in December 2021 2017-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2017-1 2018-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2018-1 2019-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2019-1 2021-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2021-1 2022-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2022-1 2022 Notes 7.50 Notes due 2022, redeemed in August 2019 2023 Notes 6.25 Notes due 2023, redeemed in February 2021 2024 Notes 5.75 Notes due 2024 2025 6.85 Notes 6.85 Notes due 2025, redeemed in May 2022 2025 5.00 Notes 5.00 Notes due 2025 2025 8.125 Notes 8.125 Notes due 2025 2025 Notes Collectively, the 2025 6.85 Notes, the 2025 5.00 Notes and the 8.125 Notes due 2025 2026 Notes 5.50 Notes due 2026 ABL Asset based lending Acquisition The Company s Acquisition of NBNYC, pursuant to which the Company acquired from the NBNYC shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC for 20 million Amended 2019 ATM Distribution Agreement First Amendment and Supplement to the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2020, by and among the Company and the placement agents ASC Accounting Standards Codification, as issued by the FASB ASU Accounting Standards Updates, as issued by the FASB 2017 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement Second Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement, dated August 31, 2018 by and among the Company and the placement agents 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 10, 2019 by and among the Company and the placement agents 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement Equity Distribution Agreement, dated June 25, 2020 by and among the Company and the placement agents, as amended on July 20, 2022 BDC Business Development Company under the 1940 Act BHCA The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 Board The Company's board of directors Capital One Capital One Bank, National Association C I Conventional commercial and industrial loans CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended CRA The Community Reinvestment Act CRE Conventional commercial real estate lending Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank AG DIF Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC DRIP The Company's dividend reinvestment plan EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Equity Incentive Plan The Company's 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

FFIEC Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank System LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate NAV Net Asset Value NBL Capital One Facility Revolving Credit and Security Agreement between NBL SPV1, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBL, and Capital One NBL Deutsche Bank Facility Revolving Credit and Security Agreement between NBL SPV2, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBL, and Deutsche Bank NBL One Florida Bank Facility Revolving Credit and Security Agreement between NBL SPV3, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBL, and One Florida Bank NBNYC National Bank of New York City, which has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association Newtek Bank Newtek Bank, National Association Receivable and Inventory Facility Loan and Security Agreement between NBC and Webster, as successor by merger to Sterling National Bank, as lender, to fund accounts receivable and inventory financing arrangements. Related Party RLOC Unsecured revolving line of credit agreement between NMS as lender and NewtekOne as borrower OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency PLP Preferred Lender Program, as authorized by the SBA PPP Paycheck Protection Program Related Party RLOC Unsecured revolving line of credit agreement between NMS as lender and NewtekOne as borrower RIC Regulated investment company under the Code S P Standard and Poor's SBA United States Small Business Administration SBLC Small Business Lending Company SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SMB Small-and-medium sized businesses Stock Purchase Agreement Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 2, 2021, between the Company, NBNYC and certain NBNYC shareholders to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC, as amended through December 12, 2022 Taxable Subsidiaries Companies formed by Newtek which are taxed as corporations for income tax purposes Trustee U.S. Bank, National Association TSO II TSO II Booster Aggregator, L.P. U.S. GAAP or GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States Webster Webster Bank, N.A. Portfolio Companies and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 NSBF Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC, a consolidated subsidiary NBL Newtek Business Lending, LLC, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company NCL Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC, a 50 owned portfolio company Newtek-TSO JV Newtek-TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP, a 50 owned portfolio company Exponential Exponential Business Development Co., Inc., a Taxable Subsidiary NMS Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC (formerly Universal Processing Services of Wisconsin LLC), a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company Mobil Money Mobil Money, LLC, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company NTS Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company IPM International Professional Marketing, Inc., a former wholly-owned controlled portfolio company which merged into NTS on July 1, 2021 SIDCO SIDCO, LLC dba Cloud Nine Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NTS EWS Excel WebSolutions, LLC, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company NBC CDS Business Services, Inc. dba Newtek Business Credit Solutions, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company 
 5 

SBL Small Business Lending, LLC, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company BSP ADR Partners, LLC dba banc-serv Partners, LLC, a former wholly-owned controlled portfolio company NPS or PMT PMTWorks Payroll, LLC dba Newtek Payroll and Benefits Solutions, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company NIA Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company TAM Titanium Asset Management LLC, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company EMCAP EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC POS POS on Cloud, LLC, dba Newtek Payment Systems, a controlled portfolio company 
 
 6 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND PROJECTIONS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company, our loan portfolio, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this report involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 our future operating results; 
 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our subsidiaries; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 
 the ability of our business to achieve its objectives; 
 the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 our ability to operate as a financial holding company and increased compliance and other costs associated with such operations; 
 our ability to operate our subsidiary Newtek Bank, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, and increased compliance and other costs associated with such operations; 
 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our subsidiaries; 
 Newtek Bank s ability to maintain its SBA 7(a) license and obtain PLP status under the SBA 7(a) program; 
 Newtek Bank s ability to sell the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans at premiums; 
 Our ability to wind-down NSBF in an orderly manner and transition its SBA 7(a) lending activities to Newtek Bank; 
 the valuation of NSBF s portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans; 
 the ability of NSBF s and Newtek Bank s SBA 7(a) borrowers to pay principal and interest, including after any deferment periods granted by NSBF or Newtek Bank; and 
 Newtek Bank s ability to originate SBA 7(a) guaranteed loans. 

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 
 an economic downturn could impair our subsidiaries ability to continue to operate or repay their borrowings, which could adversely affect our results; 
 
 a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 
 interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning of LIBOR, which could adversely affect our results; 
 impacts to financial markets and the global macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, including higher inflation and its impacts; 
 higher interest rates and the impacts on macroeconomic conditions, and NewtekOne, Inc. s funding costs; and 
 
 the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and in our filings with the SEC. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include the ability of Newtek Bank to continue to originate loans under the SBA 7(a) program, obtain and maintain PLP status, and sell guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans at premiums and grow deposits; our ability to originate new loans; our subsidiaries ability to generate revenue and obtain and maintain certain margins and levels of profitability; and the availability of additional capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. However, we will update this report to reflect any material changes to the information contained herein. The forward-looking statements in this report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 
 7 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 Prior to January 6, 2023 and during the entirety of the 2022 fiscal year, we operated as an internally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company that was regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and was treated as a RIC under the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 On January 6, 2023, we completed the Acquisition of NBNYC, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, and filed with the SEC a Form N-54C, Notification of Withdrawal of Election to be Subject to the 1940 Act, following approval from our shareholders, and ceased to be a BDC. As a result of the Acquisition, we are now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. We no longer qualify as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualify for accounting treatment as an investment company. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 We are a financial holding company that is a leading business and financial solutions provider to SMBs. NewtekOne and its subsidiaries provide SMBs with the following Newtek branded business and financial solutions: Newtek Bank, Newtek Lending, Newtek Payments, Newtek Insurance, Newtek Payroll and Newtek Technology. We have an established and reliable platform that is not limited by client size, industry type, or location. As a result, we believe we have a strong and diversified client base across the United States and across a variety of different industries. In addition, we have developed a financial and technology based business model that enables us to acquire and process our SMB clients in a very cost effective manner. This capability is supported in large part by NewTracker , our patented prospect management technology software, which is similar to, but we believe better suited for our needs than, the system popularized by Salesforce.com and similar providers. In addition, we have launched the Newtek Advantage TM (patent pending) dashboard for our depository and non-depository clients. The Newtek Advantage offers NewtekOne s clients a single online dashboard to access all of NewtekOne s business and financial solutions. We believe the Newtek Advantage will allow NewtekOne clients to easily interact with NewtekOne subject matter experts in the areas of Banking, Lending, Payments, Technology, Payroll and Insurance. We believe the Newtek Advantage will enable us to grow core retail deposits and provide an advantage to our existing and new clients. We believe that NewtekOne s technology and business model distinguishes us from our competitors. 
 
 We define SMBs as companies having revenues of 1.0 million to 100.0 million, and we estimate the SMB market to be over 31 million businesses in the U.S. as of October 2020, according to the SBA. We expect to generate earnings from our subsidiaries, which have historically generated revenue from business operations, including a combination of realized gains on the sale of the government guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans, servicing income and other income, including revenue generated from Newtek Lending, Newtek Payments, Newtek Insurance, Newtek Payroll and Newtek Technology. 
 
 On January 6, 2023, we completed the Acquisition of NBNYC, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, pursuant to which the Company acquired from the NBNYC shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC for 20 million. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association and has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, the Company contributed to Newtek Bank 31 million of cash and two of the Company s subsidiaries, NBL and SBL. Upon the consummation of the Acquisition, Newtek Bank entered into an operating agreement with the OCC concerning certain matters including capital, liquidity and concentration limits, and memorializing the business plan submitted to the OCC. 
 
 The Company has also filed with the SEC a Form N-54C, Notification of Withdrawal of Election to be Subject to the 1940 Act, and has ceased to be a BDC as of January 6, 2023. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company is now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. The Company no longer qualifies as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualifies for accounting treatment as an investment company. As a result, in addition to Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, NBL and SBL, the following NewtekOne portfolio companies and subsidiaries are now consolidated non-bank subsidiaries in the Company s financial statements: NSBF; NMS; Mobil Money, LLC; NBC; PMT; NIA TAM; Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc; NCL; EWS; NTS and POS. In addition, as a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by EWS and NTS, including its subsidiary SIDCO, within two years of becoming a financial holding company, subject to any extension of the two-year period. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance Our status as a financial holding company requires us to curtail certain activities and imposes limitations on certain activities, which may negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Company changed its name from Newtek Business Services Corp. to NewtekOne, Inc. 
 
 8 

NewtekOne s Business and Financial Solutions Ecosystem 
 
 Newtek Lending 
 
 SBA 7(a) Lending 
 
 Our Newtek Lending platform includes loans originated under the federal Section 7(a) loan program, i.e., SBA 7(a) loans. The SBA is an independent government agency that facilitates one of the nation s largest sources of SMB financing by providing credit guarantees for its loan programs. SBA 7(a) loans are partially guaranteed by the SBA, with SBA guarantees typically ranging between 50 and 90 of the principal and interest due. Under the SBA s 7(a) lending program, a bank or other lender such as NSBF underwrites a loan between 5,000 and 5.0 million for a variety of general business purposes based on the SBA s loan program requirements The recoveries and expenses on the unguaranteed portions of these loans are shared pari passu between the SBA and the lender, which substantially reduces the loss severity on the unguaranteed portion of a loan for SBA 7(a) loan investors. SBA 7(a) loans are typically between ten and 25 years in maturity, four to five years in duration and bear interest at the prime rate plus a spread from 2.25 to 3.00 . Since the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans carry the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, lenders may, and frequently do, sell the guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans in the capital markets, hold the unguaranteed portion and retain all loan servicing rights. 
 
 Historically, prior to the acquisition of Newtek Bank, the Company s NSBF subsidiary, a SBLC licensed by the SBA to originate SBA 7(a) loans, originated, serviced, sold and securitized loans originated under the SBA 7(a) program. As of January 6, 2023, NSBF was the third largest SBA 7(a) lender in the U.S. by loan approval dollar volume, including banks and nonbank lenders. NSBF has received PLP status, a designation whereby the SBA authorizes the most experienced SBA lenders to place SBA guarantees on loans without seeking prior SBA review and approval. PLP status has allowed NSBF to serve its clients in an expedited manner since it was not required to present applications to the SBA for concurrent review and approval. New SBA 7(a) loan originations will be transitioned to Newtek Bank, which anticipates obtaining PLP status. NewtekOne has a dedicated Senior Lending Team (as defined below) that is now supporting Newtek Bank, which will originate and service SBA 7(a) loans to qualifying SMBs and will follow the NewtekOne SBA 7(a) loan business model, as follows: originate SBA 7(a) loans, sell the guaranteed portions of the SBA 7(a) loans, typically within thirty to forty-five days of origination, and retain the unguaranteed portion until accumulating sufficient loans for investment or securitization. In a securitization, the unguaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans are transferred to a special purpose vehicle (a Trust ), which in turn issues notes against the Trust s assets in private placements. The Trust s primary source of income for repaying the securitization notes is the cash flows generated from the unguaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans owned by the Trust. Principal on the securitization notes is paid by cash flows in excess of that needed to pay various fees related to the operation of the Trust and interest on the debt. Securitization notes have an expected maturity of approximately five years, and the Trust is dissolved when the securitization notes are paid in full, either at or prior to maturity. NSBF has completed twelve (12) securitizations. Newtek Bank will continue the SBA 7(a) business model utilizing the NewtekOne Senior Lending Team and may determine to engage in securitization transactions. NSBF will continue to manage and service its portfolio of guaranteed and unguaranteed SBA 7(a) loans. 
 
 We believe our twenty years of experience as one of the largest SBA 7(a) lenders, provides us with a distinct competitive advantage over other SMB lenders that have not overcome these significant barriers-to-entry in our primary loan market. NSBF originated 775.6 million of SBA 7(a) loans during 2022 and 560.6 million of SBA 7(a) loans during 2021. We believe that we will continue to be introduced to a variety of high-quality investment opportunities through our existing loan sourcing channels and our controlled portfolio companies relationships with their clients. 
 
 NewtekOne has a dedicated capital markets team that sells the guaranteed portions of its SBA 7(a) loans and has securitized the unguaranteed portions of its SBA 7(a) loans. Historically, NSBF has sold the guaranteed portions of its originated SBA 7(a) loans shortly after origination and retained the unguaranteed portions until accumulating sufficient loans for a securitization. NSBF has historically sold SBA guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans at premiums ranging from 106 to 123 of par value, and in current market conditions, approximately 108 to 113 of par, and any portion of the premium that is above 110 of par value is shared equally between NSBF and the SBA. However, there is no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to continue to earn premiums of 106 to 123 on future sales of the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans or obtain PLP status. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks related to SBA lending. Since December 2010, NSBF maintained its securitization program for unguaranteed portions of its SBA 7(a) loans and successfully completed 12 securitization transactions with Standard Poor s AA or A ratings and advance rates as high as 83.5 of par value. NSBF s most recent securitization occurred in September 2022, when it sold 116.2 million of Unguaranteed SBA 7(a) Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2022-1, consisting of 95.4 million of Class A Notes and 20.8 million Class B Notes, rated A and BBB- , respectively, by S P Global, Inc. NSBF may complete additional securitizations in the future. Newtek Bank intends to use core deposits to fund SBA 7(a) loans and may securitize the unguaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans in the future, and may determine to retain the government guaranteed or unguaranteed portions of loans for longer periods, pending deployment of excess capital. 
 9 

We have focused on making smaller SBA 7(a) loans, approximately 1.0 million or less, in order to maintain a diversified pool of loans that are dispersed both geographically and among industries, with a goal of limiting our exposure to regional and industry-specific economic downturns. Specifically, as of December 31, 2022, NSBF s loan portfolio consisted of 3,538 loans originated across 50 states in 78 different industries as defined by the North American Industry Classification System NAICS ). 
 
 As discussed below, in addition to SBA 7(a) lending, our Newtek Lending ecosystem includes the following loan products to be originated by Newtek Bank: SBA 504 loans, C I loans, CRE lending and ABL. In addition, non-conforming conventional loans will be originated by NewtekOne nonbank subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
 
 Commercial Banking Newtek Bank 
 
 NewtekOne intends to centralize its Newtek Lending ecosystem within Newtek Bank (except for our nonconforming conventional lending business, discussed herein), its newly acquired commercial bank. As discussed above, Newtek Bank will be originating, servicing and selling SBA 7(a) loans in a similar manner to NSBF s historic business model and will be originating and servicing SBA 504 loans, C I loans, CRE loans and ABL loans. 
 
 In addition, we offer depository services and solutions through Newtek Bank. Our commercial banking clients will be able to take advantage of our full offerings via the Newtek Advantage dashboard. 
 
 Newtek Bank's business lines include: 
 
 SBA 7(a) Lending 
 
 NSBF's SBA 7(a) loan business is being transitioned to Newtek Bank. NewtekOne's dedicated Senior Lending Team, which now supports Newtek Bank, and NSBF's management team and employees who are now part of the Newtek Bank, will originate and service SBA 7(a) loans to qualifying SMBs and will follow the NewtekOne SBA 7(a) loan business model. Any delays in Newtek Bank obtaining PLP status may negatively impact Newtek Bank's SBA 7(a) loan origination volumes and revenues to be generated from the sale of guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans. 
 
 SBA 504 Lending 
 
 Historically, NewtekOne s SBA 504 loan origination business line was conducted by NBL, its former portfolio company which has become a subsidiary of Newtek Bank. SBA 504 loans provide financing of fixed assets such as real estate or equipment. NBL will continue to provide loan origination services to other parts of the Newtek Lending platform, including NewtekOne subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
 
 C I Lending, CRE Lending and ABL Lending 
 
 The Newtek Lending ecosystem also includes C I Lending, CRE Lending and ABL. Newtek Bank will continue to provide C I loans and CRE loans to its commercial customers and will originate ABL loans. In addition, NewtekOne s subsidiary, NBC provided receivables financing, inventory financing and health care receivables financing to SMBs, which obtained 10,000 to 2.0 million per month through the sale of their trade receivables or the financing of their inventories. NBC will not originate new ABL loans and will manage its current portfolio in runoff mode 
 
 Third Party Loan Servicing 
 
 SBL, a former NewtekOne portfolio company which is now a subsidiary of Newtek Bank provides third-parties with loan servicing for SBA and non-SBA loans and provides lending institutions with outsourced solutions for the entire SBA lending process, including credit analysis, structuring and eligibility, packaging, closing compliance and servicing. SBL provides loan servicing solutions to NSBF and also provides loan origination and servicing solutions to NewtekOne subsidiaries and affiliates, and has provided loan servicing solutions to banks, credit unions and government agencies including the FDIC. 
 
 10 

Non-Conforming Conventional Commercial Loans 
 
 On May 20, 2019, the Company and its joint venture partner launched Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC (NCL JV) to provide non-conforming conventional commercial and industrial term loans to U.S. middle-market companies and small businesses. NCL JV is a 50/50 joint venture between NCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NewtekOne, and Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC, a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (Nasdaq:TCPC). NCL JV ceased funding new non-conventional conforming loans during 2020. On January 28, 2022, NCL JV closed a non-conforming conventional commercial loan securitization with the sale of 56.3 million of Class A Notes, NCL Business Loan Trust 2022-1, Business Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2022-1, secured by a segregated asset pool consisting primarily of NCL JV s portfolio of non-conforming conventional commercial business loans, including loans secured by liens on commercial or residential mortgaged properties, originated by NCL JV and NBL. The Notes were rated A (sf) by DBRS Morningstar. The Notes were priced at a yield of 3.209 . The proceeds of the securitization were used, in part, to repay the Deutsche Bank credit facility and return capital to the NCL JV partners. 
 
 On August 5, 2022, NewtekOne launched its second joint venture to invest in non-conforming conventional commercial loans, Newtek-TSO JV. NCL and TSO II each committed to contribute an equal share of equity funding to the Newtek-TSO JV and each have equal voting rights on all material matters. Newtek-TSO JV intends to deploy capital over the course of time with additional leverage supported by a warehouse line of credit. The intended purpose of Newtek-TSO JV is to invest in non-conforming conventional commercial and industrial term loans made to middle-market companies as well as small businesses. Newtek-TSO JV began making investments during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Newtek Payments 
 
 NewtekOne s business and financial solutions ecosystem also includes its Newtek Payments businesses. Newtek Payments businesses include NewtekOne s subsidiaries NMS, Mobil Money and POS. 
 
 NMS markets credit and debit card processing services, check approval services, processing equipment, and software. NMS utilizes a multi-pronged sales approach of both direct and indirect sales. NMS primary sales efforts focus on direct sales through our Your Business Solutions Company brand. Their indirect sales channels consist of alliance partners, principally financial institutions (banks, credit unions, insurance companies and other related businesses), and independent sales agents across the United States. These referring organizations and associations are typically paid a percentage of the processing revenue derived from the respective merchants that they successfully refer to NMS. In 2022, NMS processed merchant transactions with sales volumes of 5.0 billion. 
 
 We believe NMS has a number of competitive advantages which we believe will enable it to effectively compete in this market. These are: 
 
 focus on non-traditional business generation: referral relationships, wholesale solicitations and financial institutions rather than independent sales agents; 
 
 seeks to be a market leader in the implementation of technology in the payment processing business; 
 
 It maintains its own staff of trained and skilled customer service representatives; and 
 
 It markets and sells the latest in point-of-sale technology hardware and offers processing related cyber-security services. 
 
 NMS maintains its principal customer service and sales support offices in Lake Success, New York. NMS s personnel assist merchants with initial installation of equipment and on-going service, as well as any other special processing needs that they may have. 
 
 NMS development and growth are focused on selling NMS services to internally generated referrals, merchant referrals identified by NewtekOne alliance partners and by independent sales representatives. We believe NMS is different than most electronic payment processing companies who acquire their clients primarily through independent sales agents. NMS believes that its business model provides it with a competitive advantage by enabling it to acquire new merchant customers at a lower cost level for third-party commissions than the industry average. NMS business model allows it to own the customer as well as the stream of residual payments, as opposed to models which rely more heavily on independent sales agents. 
 
 Mobil Money provides payment processing for a merchant portfolio of taxi cabs and related licensed payment processing 
 11 

software. 
 
 NPS is a majority owned subsidiary of NewtekOne which provides a cloud based Point of Sale (POS) system for a variety of restaurant, retail, assisted living, parks and golf course businesses, which provides not only payments and purchase technology solutions, but also inventory, customer management, reporting, employee time clock, table and menu layouts, and ecommerce solutions as the central operating system for an SMB. 
 
 Newtek Insurance 
 
 NIA is a wholly-owned subsidiary which is a retail and wholesale brokerage insurance agency licensed in all 50 states, specializing in the sale of commercial and health/benefits lines insurance products to the SMB market as well as various personal lines of insurance. 
 
 Newtek Payroll 
 
 PMT is a wholly-owned subsidiary which offers an array of industry standard and competitively priced payroll management, and related payment and tax reporting services to SMBs. 
 
 Newtek Technology 
 
 NTS is a wholly-owned subsidiary, which along with its subsidiary SIDCO, provides website hosting, dedicated server hosting, cloud hosting, web design and development, internet marketing, ecommerce, data storage, backup and disaster recovery, and other related services including consulting and implementing technology solutions for enterprise and commercial clients across the U.S. In addition, Excel WebSolutions, LLC Excel ), a wholly owned subsidiary, provides website design services to SMBs. As a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by Excel, NTS and SIDCO, within two years of becoming a financial holding company, subject to any extension of the two-year period. 
 
 Newtek Branding 
 
 We have developed our branded line of business products and financial solutions to offer a full service suite of business and financial solutions for the SMB market in the United States. SMB market. NewtekOne reaches potential customers through its integrated multi-channel approach featuring direct, indirect and direct outbound solicitation efforts. We continue to utilize and grow our primary marketing channel of strategic alliance partners as well as a direct marketing strategy to SMB customers through our go to market brand, Your Business Solutions Company and One Solution for All Your Business Needs . Through our web presence, www.newtekone.com , we believe we are establishing ourselves as a preferred go-to provider for SMB financing and business solutions offered by NewtekOne and its subsidiaries, including Newtek Bank . 
 
 We believe that our patented NewTracker system provides for transparency between NewtekOne and referring parties and has been material in our ability to obtain referrals from a wide variety of sources. The NewTracker system allows us and our alliance partners to review in real time the status of any referral as well as to provide real time compliance oversight by the respective alliance partner, which we believe creates confidence among the referred business client, the referring alliance partner and us. We own the NewTracker patent, as well as all trademarks and other patented intellectual property used by us and our subsidiaries. Additional referrals are obtained from individual professionals in geographic markets that have signed up to provide referrals and earn commissions through our BizExec and TechExec Programs. In addition, we believe that the Newtek Advantage TM dashboard, which patent is pending, is designed to be a management tool for our business clientele that can make their businesses more successful and that our clients can depend on. The Newtek Advantage will allow clients to access the entire suite of the NewtekOne business and financial solutions, and provide clients analytics, relationships and transactional capability that other banks do not offer. We believe the Newtek Advantage is unique because each of our clients will be assigned a NewtekOne relationship manager and specialist in each Newtek business line, and allow our clients to go into the Newtek Advantage and communicate via video or chat with a NewtekOne business line specialist. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 We believe that the limited amount of capital and financial products available to SMBs, coupled with the desire of these companies for flexible and partnership-oriented sources of capital and other financial products, creates an attractive environment for us and our subsidiaries to further expand and offer our NewtekOne business and financial solutions. We believe the following factors will continue to provide us with opportunities to grow and deliver attractive returns to shareholders. 
 12 

The SMB market represents a large, underserved market. We estimate the SMB market to include over 30 million businesses in the United States. We believe that SMBs, most of which are privately-held, are relatively underserved by traditional capital providers such as commercial banks, finance companies, hedge funds and collateralized loan obligation funds. Further, we believe that such companies generally possess conservative capital structures with significant enterprise value cushions, as compared to larger companies with more financing options. While the largest originators of SBA 7(a) loans have traditionally been regional and national banks, from 2012 through 2022, NSBF has consistently been the largest non-bank originator of SBA 7(a) loans by dollar volume of loan approvals and was the third largest SBA 7(a) lender in the United States as of January 6, 2023. As a result, we believe we and Newtek Bank are well positioned to provide financing to the types of SMBs that we have historically targeted and we have the technology and infrastructure in place presently to do it cost effectively in all 50 states and across many industries. 
 
 Increased demand for comprehensive, business-critical SMB solutions . Increased competition and rapid technological innovation are creating an increasingly competitive business environment that requires SMBs to fundamentally change the way they manage critical business processes. This environment is characterized by greater focus on increased quality, lower costs, faster turnaround and heightened regulatory scrutiny. To make necessary changes and adequately address these needs, we believe that companies are focusing on their core competencies and utilizing cost-effective outsourced solutions to improve productivity, lower costs and manage operations more efficiently. Our subsidiaries provide critical business solutions such as electronic payment processing, managed IT solutions, personal and commercial insurance services and full-service payroll and benefit solutions, receivables financing, funding of SBA 504 loans, which provide financing of fixed assets such as real estate or equipment, and non-conforming (non-SBA) commercial loans. We believe that each of these market segments are underserved for SMBs and since we are able to provide comprehensive financial and business solutions under the NewtekOne platform, we believe that we are well positioned to continue to realize growth from these product offerings. 
 
 Competitive Advantages 
 
 We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of investment opportunities in SMBs due to the following competitive advantages: 
 
 Senior lending Team and Executive Committee. The key members of our Senior Lending Team, many of whom have worked together for more than ten years, each have over 25 years of experience in finance-related fields. These lending professionals have worked through two recessions, a credit crunch, the dot-com boom and bust and a historic, leverage-fueled asset valuation bubble. Each member brings a complementary component to a team well-rounded in banking, finance, accounting, operations, strategy, business law and executive management. We are led by our Executive Committee, which includes Barry Sloane, Peter Downs, Michael A. Schwartz and Nicholas Leger, under the supervision of our Board of Directors. Each member of the Executive Committee has significant experience in our fields of operations. 
 
 Business Model Enables Attractive Risk-Weighted Return on Investment in SBA 7(a) Lending. Our SBA 7(a) loans are structured so as to permit rapid sale of the U.S. government guaranteed portions, often within weeks of origination, and the unguaranteed portions have been successfully securitized, with the securitization notes being sold, usually within a year of loan origination. The return of principal and premium may result in an advantageous risk-weighted return on our original investment in each loan. We may determine to retain the government guaranteed or unguaranteed portions of loans pending deployment of excess capital. 
 
 State of the Art Technology. Our patented NewTracker software enables us to board a SMB customer, process the application or inquiry, assemble necessary documents, complete the transaction and create a daily reporting system that is sufficiently unique as to receive a U.S. patent. NewTracker enables us to identify a transaction, similar to a merchandise barcode or the customer management system used by SalesForce.com, then process a business transaction and generate internal reports used by management and external reports for strategic referral partners. NewTracker allows our referral partners to have digital access into our back office and follow on a real time, 24/7 basis the processing of their referred customers. NewTracker has been applied to all of the business and financial solutions we offer directly or through our subsidiaries. 
 
 Established Direct Origination Platform with Extensive Deal Sourcing Infrastructure. We have established a direct origination pipeline for loan origination opportunities without the necessity for financial institutions or brokers as well as broad marketing channels that we believe allow for highly selective underwriting. We believe the combination of our brand, our portal, our patented NewTracker technology, and our web presence as Your Business Solutions Company have created an extensive deal sourcing infrastructure. Although we pay fees for loan originations that are referred to us by our alliance partners, our Senior Lending Team works directly with the borrower to assemble and underwrite loans. We rarely invest in pre-assembled loans that are sold by investment banks or brokers. As a result, we believe that our unique national origination 
 13 

platform has allowed us to originate attractive credits at a low cost. During 2022 and 2021 we funded 775.6 million and 560.6 million, respectively, of SBA 7(a) loans. We anticipate that our principal source of loan origination opportunities will continue to be in the same types of SMBs to which we currently provide financing. Our Executive Committee and Senior Lending Team also seeks to leverage our extensive network of additional referral sources, including law firms, accounting firms, financial, operational and strategic consultants and financial institutions, with whom we have completed investments. We believe our current infrastructure and expansive relationships will continue to enable us to review a significant amount of direct (or non-brokered) loan origination opportunities. 
 
 Flexible, Customized Financing Solutions for Seasoned, Smaller Businesses. While Newtek Bank s primary focus will be to expand its lending by activities by providing SBA 7(a) loans,SBA 504 loans, CRE loans, C I loans and ABL loans to SMBs, we and our subsidiaries also seek to offer SMBs a variety of attractive financing structures, as well as cost effective and efficient business solutions, to meet their capital needs through our Company and our subsidiaries. In particular we offer larger loans, between 5.0 million and 15.0 million, greater than loans available with the SBA guarantee, but with a higher interest rate to compensate for the increased risk. Unlike many of our competitors, we believe we have the business finance ecosystem that allows us to provide a complete package of business and financing solutions for SMBs, which allows for cross-selling opportunities and improved client retention. Our lending will continue to focus on making loans to SMBs that: 
 
 have 3 to 10 years of operational history; 
 
 significant experience in management; 
 
 credit worthy owners who provide a personal guarantee for our investment; 
 
 show a strong balance sheet; and 
 
 show sufficient cash flow to be able to service the payments on our investments comfortably. 
 
 Although we may make investments in start-up businesses, we generally seek to avoid investing in high-risk, early-stage enterprises that are only beginning to develop their market share or build their management and operational infrastructure with limited collateral. 
 
 Disciplined Underwriting Policies and Rigorous Portfolio Management . We pursue rigorous due diligence of all prospective loans originated through our business finance ecosystem. Our Senior Lending Team has developed what we believe to be an extensive underwriting due diligence process, which includes a review of the operational, financial, legal and industry performance and outlook for the prospective borrower, including quantitative and qualitative stress tests, review of industry data and when necessary, consultation with outside experts regarding the creditworthiness of the borrower. These processes continue during the loan portfolio monitoring process, when we will conduct field examinations, when appropriate, review all compliance certificates and covenants and regularly assess the financial and business conditions and prospects of borrowers. In addition, SBL, an S P rated servicer, is a third-party servicer for commercial, SBA 7(a) and other government guaranteed investments, whose exceptional servicing capabilities with compact timelines for loan resolutions and dispositions has attracted various third-party portfolios to SBL. SBL also services the loans funded by NewtekOne affiliates, including our joint ventures, and provides loan servicing to NSBF. 
 
 Former Business Development Company Status 
 
 Our predecessor was formed on June 29, 1999 under the laws of the State of New York and, on November 12, 2014, in connection with our election to be regulated as a BDC, merged with and into us for the purpose of reincorporating under the laws of the State of Maryland. From November 12, 2014 to January 6, 2023, we operated as a BDC and a RIC. As a BDC, we were required to meet certain regulatory tests, including the requirement to invest at least 70 of our gross assets in qualifying assets. In addition, as a BDC, we were not permitted to incur indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing we have an asset coverage for total borrowings of at least 150 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 66 2/3 of the value of our total assets). Although we are no longer subject to regulation as a BDC under the 1940 Act, the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes require us to maintain a minimum of 150 asset coverage during the time that the 2024 and 2026 Notes are outstanding. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock We ar e subject to 150 asset coverage requirements due to covenants contained in the indentures under which the 2024 and 2026 Notes were issued. 
 
 Additionally, as a RIC, we generally did not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our shareholders. 
 
 14 

Although we maintained our status as a BDC and a RIC through the entirety of our 2022 fiscal and tax years, upon completing the Acquisition, we filed with the SEC Form N-54C, Notification of Withdrawal of Election to be Subject to the 1940 Act, and ceased to be a BDC. As a result, we are no longer subject to regulation as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and no longer qualify for tax treatment as a RIC under the Code or investment company accounting treatment. 
 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 
 General 
 
 The U.S. financial services and banking industry is highly regulated. The bank regulatory regime is intended primarily for the protection of customers, the public, the financial system and the DIF, rather than our stockholders or creditors. 
 
 The legal and regulatory regime affects virtually all aspects of our operations. Statutes, regulations and policies govern, among other things, the scope of activities that we may conduct and the manner in which we may conduct them; our business plan and growth; our board, management, and risk management infrastructure; the type, terms, and pricing of our products and services; our loan and investment portfolio; our capital and liquidity levels; our reserves against deposits; our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our stock or distribute capital; and our ability to engage in mergers, acquisitions and other strategic initiatives. The legal and regulatory regime is continually under review by legislatures, regulators and other governmental bodies, and changes regularly occur through the enactment or amendment of laws and regulations or through shifts in policy, implementation or enforcement. Changes are difficult to predict and could have significant effects on our business. See Item 1A Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance - As a financial holding company we operate in a highly regulated environment that affects virtually all aspects of our operations, and the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory expectations could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The material regulatory requirements that are applicable to us and our subsidiaries are summarized below. The description below, as well as other descriptions of laws and regulations in this Form 10-K, are not intended to summarize all laws and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiaries, and are based upon the statutes, regulations, policies, interpretive letters and other written guidance that are in effect as of the date of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Regulatory Framework 
 
 We are subject to regulation and supervision by multiple regulatory bodies. As a bank holding company electing financial holding company status, the Company is subject to the BHCA and is subject to ongoing and comprehensive supervision, regulation, examination and enforcement by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve s jurisdiction also extends to any company that is directly or indirectly controlled by a bank holding company. 
 
 As a national bank, Newtek Bank is subject to ongoing and comprehensive supervision, regulation, examination and enforcement by the OCC. The OCC charges fees to national banks, including Newtek Bank, in connection with its supervisory activities. 
 
 Newtek Bank s deposits are insured by the DIF up to applicable legal limits. As an FDIC-insured depository institution, Newtek Bank is subject under certain circumstances to supervision, regulation and examination by the FDIC. The FDIC charges deposit insurance assessments to FDIC-insured institutions, including Newtek Bank, to fund and support the DIF. The rate of these deposit insurance assessments is based on, among other things, the risk characteristics of Newtek Bank. The FDIC has the power to terminate Newtek Bank s deposit insurance if it determines Newtek Bank is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices. Federal banking laws provide for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver in the event Newtek Bank were to fail, such as in connection with undercapitalization, insolvency, unsafe or unsound condition or other financial distress. In a receivership, the claims of Newtek Bank s depositors (and those of the FDIC as subrogee of Newtek Bank) would have priority over other general unsecured claims against Newtek Bank. 
 
 We are subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, both as administered by the SEC. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol NEWT and therefore we are also subject to the rules of Nasdaq Global Market for listed companies. We have adopted certain policies and procedures intended to comply with the Nasdaq Global Market s corporate governance rules. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all future listing standards that are approved by the SEC and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. See Item 1A Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance - As a financial holding company we operate in a highly regulated environment that affects virtually all aspects of our operations, and the need 
 15 

to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory expectations could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Broad Powers to Ensure Safety and Soundness 
 
 A principal objective of the U.S. bank regulatory system is to ensure the safety and soundness of banking organizations. Safety and soundness is a broad concept that includes financial, operational, compliance and reputational considerations, including matters such as capital, asset quality, quality of board and management oversight, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to market and interest rate risk. As part of its commitment to maintain safety and soundness, at the time we acquired Newtek Bank, Newtek Bank entered into an Operating Agreement with the OCC (the Operating Agreement ). The Operating Agreement sets forth key parameters within which Newtek Bank must operate, such as with respect to its business plan, minimum capital, minimum liquidity, risk management and compliance. 
 
 The banking and financial regulators have broad examination and enforcement authority. The regulators require banking organizations to file detailed periodic reports and regularly examine the operations of banking organizations. Banking organizations that do not meet the regulators supervisory expectations can be subjected to increased scrutiny and supervisory criticism. The regulators have various remedies available, which may be public or of a confidential supervisory nature, if they determine that an institution s condition, management, operations or risk profile is unsatisfactory. The regulators may also take action if they determine that the banking organization or its management is violating or has violated any law or regulation. The regulators have the power to, among other things: 
 
 require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; 
 
 issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; 
 
 direct increases in capital; 
 
 direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets; 
 
 limit dividends and distributions; 
 
 restrict growth and activities; 
 
 set forth parameters, obligations and/or limitations with respect to the operation of our business; 
 
 assess civil monetary penalties; 
 
 remove officers and directors; and 
 
 terminate deposit insurance. 
 
 Engaging in unsafe or unsound practices or failing to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory agreements (including the Operating Agreement) could subject us and our subsidiaries or their officers, directors and institution-affiliated parties to a broad variety of sanctions or remedies, including those described above. 
 
 Limits on Activities and Approval Requirements 
 
 The BHCA generally restricts the Company s ability, directly or indirectly, to engage in, or acquire more than 5 of any class of voting securities of a company engaged in activities other than those determined by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. The Company has elected to become a financial holding company, allowing it to engage in a broader array of financial activities than bank holding companies. 
 
 16 

The bank regulatory regime, including through the Operating Agreement, requires that we obtain prior approval of one or more regulators for various initiatives or corporate actions, including acquisitions or minority investments, the establishment of branches, certain dividends or capital distributions, and significant deviations from Newtek Bank s previously approved business plan. Regulators take into account a range of factors in determining whether to grant a requested approval, including the supervisory status of the applicant and its affiliates. Thus, there is no guarantee that a particular proposal by us would receive the required regulatory approvals. 
 
 The CRA requires federal banking regulators, in their review of certain applications by banking organizations, to take into account the applicant s record in helping meet the credit needs of its community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Newtek Bank is subject to periodic examination under the CRA by the OCC, which will assign ratings based on the methodologies set forth in its regulations and guidance. Less favorable CRA ratings, or concerns raised under the CRA, may adversely affect Newtek Bank s ability to obtain approval for certain types of applications. Newtek Bank s latest rating by the OCC under the CRA is Satisfactory . See Item 1A Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance - As a financial holding company we operate in a highly regulated environment that affects virtually all aspects of our operations, and the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory expectations could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Company as Source of Strength for Newtek Bank 
 
 Federal law and Federal Reserve policy require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for any FDIC-insured depository institution that it controls. Thus, if Newtek Bank were to be in financial distress or to otherwise be viewed by the regulators as in an unsatisfactory condition, then the regulators could require the Company to provide additional capital or liquidity support, or take other action, in support of Newtek Bank, even if doing so is not otherwise in the best interest of the Company. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements and Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The banking regulators view capital levels as important indicators of an institution s financial soundness. As a general matter, FDIC-insured depository institutions and their holding companies are required to maintain a specified level of capital relative to the amount and types of assets they hold. While capital can serve as an important cushion against losses, higher capital requirements can also adversely affect an institution s ability to grow and/or increase leverage through deposit-gathering or other sources of funding. 
 
 The Company and Newtek Bank are each subject to generally similar capital requirements adopted by the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively. These requirements establish required minimum ratios for common equity tier 1 risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital and a Tier 1 leverage ratio; set risk-weighting for assets and certain other items for purposes of the risk-based capital ratios; require an additional capital conservation buffer over the minimum required capital ratios in order to avoid certain limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses; and define what qualifies as capital for purposes of meeting the capital requirements. Specifically, the capital thresholds in order to be regarded as a well-capitalized institution under the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision standardized approach for U.S. banking organizations are as follows: a common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5.0 . 
 
 The regulators assess any particular institution s capital adequacy based on numerous factors and may require a particular banking organization to maintain capital at levels higher than the generally applicable minimums. In this regard, and unless otherwise directed by the OCC, we have made commitments for Newtek Bank to maintain a tier 1 leverage ratio of no less than 10 and a total risk-based capital ratio of 11.5 for the term of the Operating Agreement. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides for a system of prompt corrective action PCA ). The PCA regime provides for capitalization categories ranging from well-capitalized to critically undercapitalized. An institution s PCA category is determined primarily by its regulatory capital ratios. The PCA regime requires remedial actions and imposes limitations that become increasingly stringent as an institution s condition deteriorates and its PCA capitalization category declines. Among other things, institutions that are less than well-capitalized become subject to increasingly stringent restrictions on their ability to accept and/or rollover brokered deposits. 
 
 In addition to capital requirements, depository institutions are required to maintain non-interest bearing reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts and certain non-personal time deposits. 
 17 

Regulatory Limits on Dividends and Distributions 
 
 The ability of the Company or Newtek Bank to pay dividends, repurchase stock and make other capital distributions is limited by regulatory capital rules and other aspects of the regulatory regime. For example, a policy statement of the Federal Reserve provides that, among other things, a bank holding company generally should not pay dividends if its net income for the past year is not sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. 
 
 Dividends and capital distributions by Newtek Bank are also limited by the regulatory regimes. For example, the Operating Agreement requires Newtek Bank to be in compliance with certain capital levels before paying a dividend. Other laws and regulations generally applicable to national banks also limit the amount of dividends and capital distributions that may be made by a national bank and/or require prior approval of the OCC. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 
 Newtek Bank is a member of the FHLB, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHLB provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Newtek Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB. Newtek Bank is in compliance with this requirement with an investment in FHLB capital stock of 120,300.00 on January 18, 2023. 
 
 Consumer Protection 
 
 We are subject to a broad array of federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern almost every aspect of our business relationships with consumers. These laws relate to, among other things, the content and adequacy of disclosures, pricing and fees, fair lending, anti-discrimination, privacy, cybersecurity, usury, mortgages and housing finance, lending to service members, escheatment, debt collection, loan servicing, collateral secured lending, and unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices. 
 
 The CFPB is generally responsible for rulemaking with respect to certain federal laws related to the provision of financial products and services to consumers. In addition, the CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to federal consumer financial protection laws with respect to banking organizations with assets of 10 billion or more. Newtek Bank has assets less than 10 billion; therefore, we are not currently subject to the examination and enforcement jurisdiction of the CFPB. However, many consumer protection rules adopted or amended by the CFPB do apply to us and are the subject of examination and enforcement with respect to us by the OCC. 
 
 If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we may be subject to significant penalties, judgments, other monetary or injunctive remedies, lawsuits (including putative class action lawsuits and actions by state and local attorneys general or other officials), customer rescission rights, supervisory or enforcement actions, and civil or criminal liability. See Item 1A Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance - As a financial holding company we operate in a highly regulated environment that affects virtually all aspects of our operations, and the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory expectations could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering, Sanctions and Financial Crime 
 
 We are subject to a wide range of laws related to anti-money laundering, economic sanctions and prevention of financial crime, including the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and economic sanctions programs. We are required to, among other things, maintain an effective anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist compliance program, identify and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports, and block transactions with sanctioned persons or jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws requires significant investment of management attention and resources. These laws are enforced by a number of regulatory authorities, including the Federal Reserve, OCC, Office of Foreign Assets Control, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. Failure to comply with these laws, or to meet our regulators supervisory expectations in connection with these laws, could subject us to supervisory or enforcement action, significant financial penalties, criminal liability and/or reputational harm. 
 
 18 

Third-Party Relationship Risk Management 
 
 We utilize third-party service providers to perform a wide range of operations and other functions, which may present various risks. Our regulators will expect us to maintain an effective program for managing risk arising from third-party relationships, which should be commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of our business and our third-party relationships. If not managed effectively, the use of third-party service providers may expose us to risks that could result in regulatory action, financial loss, litigation and reputational harm. 
 
 Privacy, Information Technology and Cybersecurity 
 
 We are subject to various laws related to the privacy of consumer information. For example, we and our subsidiaries are required under federal law periodically to disclose to their retail clients our policies and practices with respect to the sharing of nonpublic client information with their affiliates and others, and the confidentiality and security of that information. In some cases, Newtek Bank must obtain a consumer s consent before sharing information with an unaffiliated third party, and Newtek Bank must allow a consumer to opt out of Newtek Bank s sharing of information with its affiliates for marketing and certain other purposes. We are also subject to laws and regulatory requirements related to information technology and cybersecurity. For example, the FFIEC, which is a council comprised of the primary federal banking regulators, has issued guidance and supervisory expectations for banking organizations with respect to information technology and cybersecurity. Our regulators will regularly examine us for compliance with applicable laws, and adherence to industry best practices, with respect to these topics. For example, they will evaluate our security of user and customer credentials, business continuity planning, and the ability to identify and thwart cyber-attacks. 
 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. For example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 became fully operative on January 1, 2023. We expect this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue, and are continually monitoring developments in the states in which our clients are located. 
 
 Limitations on Transactions with Affiliates and Loans to Insiders 
 
 Banks are subject to restrictions on their ability to conduct transactions with affiliates and other related parties under federal banking laws. For example, federal banking laws impose quantitative limits, qualitative requirements, and collateral standards on certain extensions of credit and other transactions by an insured depository institution with, or for the benefit of, its affiliates. In addition, most types of transactions by an insured depository institution with, or for the benefit of, an affiliate must be on terms substantially the same or at least as favorable to the insured depository institution as if the transaction were conducted with an unaffiliated third party. Federal banking laws also impose restrictions and procedural requirements in connection with the extension of credit by an insured depository institution to directors, executive officers, principal stockholders (including the Company) and their related interests. In addition, purchases and sales of assets between an insured depository institution and its executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders may also be limited under such laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally prohibits loans by public companies to their executive officers and directors. However, there is a specific exception for loans by financial institutions, such as Newtek Bank, to its executive officers and directors that are made in compliance with federal banking laws. 
 
 Acquisition of a Significant Interest in the Company 
 
 Banking laws impose various regulatory requirements on parties that may seek to acquire a significant interest in the Company. For example, the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978 would generally require that any party file a formal notice with, and obtain non-objection of, the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring (directly or indirectly, whether alone or acting in concert with any other party) 10 or more of any class of voting securities of the Company. Further approval requirements and significant ongoing regulatory consequences would apply to any company that (directly or indirectly, whether alone or as part of an association with another company) seeks to acquire control of the Company or Newtek Bank for purposes of the BHCA. The determination whether a party controls a depository institution or its holding company for purposes of these laws is based on applicable regulations and all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. See Item 1A Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance - Federal law may discourage certain acquisitions of our common stock which could have a material adverse affect on our shareholders. 
 
 19 

Effect on Economic Environment 
 
 The policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, have a significant effect on the operating results of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the means available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on borrowings and changes in reserve requirements with respect to deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid for deposits. The Federal Reserve monetary policies have materially affected the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Although we conduct stress tests to measure and prepare for the impact of potential changes in monetary policy, we cannot predict with certainty the nature of future monetary policies and the effect of such policies on our business and earnings. 
 
 NSBF s Regulation as a Small Business Lending Company and the Transition of SBA 7(a) Lending to Newtek Bank 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, NSBF, is licensed by the SBA as an SBLC that originates loans through the SBA 7(a) Program. However, as discussed above, as a result of the Acquisition, all SBA 7(a) loan originations are being transitioned to Newtek Bank, and NSBF will cease origination of SBA 7(a) loans, relinquish its PLP status and wind-down its operations. During this wind down process, NSBF will be required to continue to own the SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval), sale or transfer. NSBF will be required to continue to service and liquidate its SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement with SBL. During the wind down process, it is anticipated that NSBF will be required to maintain minimum capital requirements established by the SBA, will be required to maintain certain amounts of restricted cash available to meet any obligations to the SBA, will have restrictions on its ability to make dividends and distributions to its parent, and will remain liable to SBA for post-purchase denials and repairs, from the proceeds generated by NSBF s SBA loan portfolio. Any future post-purchase denials and repairs demands on NSBF could negatively impact our results of operations. It is also anticipated that the Company will guarantee NSBF s obligations to the SBA. NSBF will continue to service and manage its portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans pursuant to a lender service provider agreement with SBL. 
 
 We anticipate Newtek Bank will obtain PLP status. The SBA grants PLP status to certain lenders originating SBA 7(a) loans based on achievement of certain standards in lending which are regularly monitored by the SBA. As a Preferred Lender, Newtek Bank will be authorized to place SBA guarantees on SBA 7(a) loans without seeking prior SBA review and approval. Designated PLP lenders are delegated the authority to process, close, service, and liquidate most SBA guaranteed loans without prior SBA review. PLP lenders are authorized to make SBA guaranteed loans, subject only to a brief eligibility review and assignment of a loan number by SBA. In addition, they are expected to handle servicing and liquidation of all of their SBA loans with limited involvement of SBA. If Newtek Bank is delayed in obtaining, or fails to obtain, PLP status, it would have a material adverse impact on Newtek Bank s ability to originate SBA 7(a) loans at NSBF s historic levels. See Item 1A. Risk Factors There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending license. 
 
 Pursuant to the SBA s regulations, the SBA is released from liability on its guaranty of an SBA 7(a) loan and may, in its sole discretion, refuse to honor a guaranty purchase request in full or in part, or recover all or part of the funds already paid in connection with a guaranty purchase, if the lender failed to comply materially with a SBA Loan Program Requirement; failed to make, close, service or liquidate the loan in a prudent manner; placed the SBA at risk through improper action or inaction; failed to disclose a material fact to the SBA in a timely manner; or misrepresented a material fact to the SBA regarding the loan. In certain instances, the SBA may refuse to honor a guaranty purchase request in full (referred to by the SBA as a denial or in part (referred to by the SBA as a repair ), or recover all or part of the funds already paid in connection with a guaranty purchase. In the event of a repair or denial, liability on the guaranty, in whole or in part, would be transferred to NSBF or Newtek Bank as the originator of the loan, as the case may be. Even though NSBF will cease originating new SBA 7(a) loans, it will retain and be exposed to repair and denial liability to the SBA for SBA 7(a) loans in NSBF s portfolio. The incurrence of repairs and denials when NSBF is no longer generating income from the sales of guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans can have a material negative impact on our financial results and liquidity. In addition, changes in SBA regulations and economic factors may adversely impact NSBF s or Newtek Bank s repair and denial rates. See Item 1A. Risk Factors NSBF will remain subject to SBA regulation as it winds down its operations. 
 
 In connection with NSBF s 2018 examination by the SBA, NSBF entered into a voluntary agreement with the SBA pursuant to NSBF s commitment to operate under the SBA Loan Program Requirements. The agreement formalized many of the actions previously taken by NSBF to strengthen its operational procedures as they relate to NSBF s delegated lender authority. Consistent with the terms of the agreement, NSBF has established a segregated restricted cash account in the amount of 10 million to account for potential post-purchase repairs and denials of guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans, and agreed to take certain actions to demonstrate the sufficiency of NSBF s liquidity and establish certain additional reporting and compliance procedures. 
 20 

Lending Activities 
 
 We engage in various investment strategies from time to time in order to achieve our overall lending objectives. 
 
 Loan Characteristics 
 
 We have and will continue to target loans that generate both current income and capital appreciation. In each case, the following criteria and guidelines are applied to the review of a potential loan however, not all criteria are met in every single loan, nor do we guarantee that all criteria will be met in the loans we will make in the future. We have and will continue to limit our loans to the SMB market. 
 
 Experienced Management with Meaningful Investment. We seek to make loans to companies in which senior or key managers have significant company-or industry-level experience and have significant equity ownership. It has been our experience that these experienced managers are more committed to the company s success and more likely to manage the company in a manner that protects our capital. 
 
 Significant Invested Capital. We believe that the existence of an appropriate amount of equity beneath our debt capital provides valuable support for our loans. In addition, the degree to which the particular loan is a meaningful one for the company s owners (and their ability and willingness to invest additional equity capital as and to the extent necessary) are also important considerations. 
 
 Appropriate Capital Structures. We seek to make loans to companies that are appropriately capitalized. First, we examine the amount of equity that is being invested by the borrower s equity owners to determine whether there is a sufficient capital cushion beneath our invested capital. We also analyze the amount of leverage, and the characteristics of senior debt with lien priority over our loan. A key consideration is a strong balance sheet and sufficient free cash flow to service any loan we may make. 
 
 Strong Competitive Position. We seek to make loans to companies that have developed strong, defensible product or service offerings within their respective market segment(s). These companies should be well positioned to capitalize on organic and strategic growth opportunities, and should compete in industries with strong fundamentals and meaningful barriers to entry. We further analyze prospective loans in order to identify competitive advantages within their industry, which may result in superior operating margins or industry-leading growth. 
 
 Customer and Supplier Diversification. We expect to make loans to companies with sufficiently diverse customer and supplier bases. We believe these companies will be better able to endure industry consolidation, economic contraction and increased competition than those that are not sufficiently diversified. However, we also recognize that from time to time, an attractive lending opportunity with some concentration among the borrower s customer base or supply chain will present itself. We believe that concentration issues can be evaluated and, in some instances (whether due to supplier or customer product or platform diversification, the existence and quality of long-term agreements with such customers or suppliers or other select factors), mitigated, thus presenting a superior risk-weighted pricing scenario. 
 
 Historically, we target our loans, which have been principally made through our business finance ecosystem by NSBF under the SBA 7(a) program, to produce generally, a coupon rate of prime plus 2.25 to 3.00 which enables us to generate rapid sales of the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market, historically producing gains and with a yield on investment in excess of 30 . We typically structure our debt investments with the maximum seniority and collateral along with personal guarantees from company owners, in many cases collateralized by other assets including real estate. In most cases, our debt investment will be collateralized by a first lien on the assets of the company and a first or second lien on assets of guarantors, in both cases primarily real estate. All SBA 7(a) loans are made with personal guarantees from any owner(s) of 20 or more of the company s equity. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our SBA 7(a) loans at fair value consisted of loans secured by first or second priority liens on the assets of the borrower. 
 
 First Lien Loans. Our first lien loans generally have terms of one to 25 years, provide for a variable interest rate, contain no prepayment penalties (however, the SBA will charge the borrower a prepayment fee if the loan has a maturity of 15 or more years and is prepaid during the first three years) and are secured by a first priority security interest in all existing and future assets of the borrower. Our first lien loans may take many forms, including revolving lines of credit, term loans and acquisition lines of credit. 
 
 21 

Second Lien Loans. Our second lien loans generally have terms of five to 25 years, also primarily provide for a variable interest rate, contain no prepayment penalties (however, the SBA will charge the borrower a prepayment fee if the loan has a maturity of 15 or more years and is prepaid during the first three years) and are secured by a second priority security interest in all existing and future assets of the borrower. We typically only take second lien positions on additional collateral where we also have first lien positions on business assets. 
 
 Unsecured Loans. We make few unsecured investments, primarily to our subsidiaries, which because of our equity ownership are deemed to be more secure. Typically, these loans are to meet short-term funding needs. 
 
 We typically structure our loans to include non-financial covenants that seek to minimize our risk of capital loss such as lien protection and prohibitions against change of control. Our loans have strong protections, including default penalties, information rights and, in some cases, affirmative, negative and financial covenants. 
 
 Loan Generation/Origination 
 
 We believe that the combination of our brand, our portal, our patented NewTracker technology, and our web presence as Your Business Solutions Company have created an extensive loan sourcing infrastructure. This is maximized through long-standing and extensive relationships with industry contacts, commercial and investment bankers, entrepreneurs, services providers (such as lawyers and accountants), as well as current and former clients and our extensive network of strategic alliance partners. We supplement our relationships by the selective use of advertising aimed primarily at lending to the SMB market. We believe we have developed a reputation as a knowledgeable and reliable source of capital, providing value-added advice, prompt processing, and management and operations support to our clients. 
 
 We market our loan products and services, and those of our subsidiaries, through referrals from our alliance partners such as Amalgamated Bank, Stifel Bank, Axiom Bank, Credit Union National Association, ENT Federal Credit Union, Legacy Bank, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, Navy Federal Credit Union, New York Community Bank, Raymond James, Randolph Brooks Federal Credit Union, UBS, Meineke Dealers Purchasing Cooperative, Transworld Business Advisors, Army Navy Federal Credit Union, Teachers Federal Credit Union, Nassau Federal Educators Federal Credit Union, Spire Federal Credit Union, Aamco, 1800 Accountants, and True Value Company, among others using our patented NewTracker referral system as well as direct referrals from our web presence, www.newtekone.com . The patent for our NewTracker referral system is a software application patent covering the systems and methods for tracking, reporting and performing processing activities and transactions in association with referral data and related information for a variety of product and service offerings in a business-to-business environment providing further for security and transparency between referring parties. NewTracker allows us and our alliance partners to review in real time the status of any referral as well as to provide real time compliance oversight by the respective alliance partner, which we believe creates confidence between the referred business client, the referring alliance partner and us. 
 
 Additional deal sourcing and referrals are obtained from individual professionals in geographic markets that have signed up to provide referrals and earn commissions through our BizExec and TechExec Programs. The BizExecs and TechExecs are traditionally information technology professionals, CPAs, independent insurance agents and sales and/or marketing professionals. In addition, electronic payment processing services are marketed through independent sales representatives and web technology and eCommerce services are marketed through internet-based marketing and third-party resellers. A common thread across all business lines of our subsidiaries relates to acquiring customers at low cost. We seek to bundle our marketing efforts through our brand, our portal, NewTracker , our web presence as Your Business Solutions Company and one easy entry point of contact. We expect that this approach will allow us to continue to cross-sell the business and financial solutions of our subsidiaries to our customers and customers of our subsidiaries, and to build upon our extensive deal sourcing infrastructure. 
 
 Screening 
 
 We screen all potential loan referrals that we receive for suitability and consistency with our loan origination criteria and underwriting guidelines. See Loan Characteristics, above. In screening loan referrals, our Senior Lending Team utilizes a value-oriented philosophy and commits resources to managing downside exposure. If a potential loan meets our basic loan criteria, a business service specialist or other member of our team is assigned to perform preliminary due diligence. 
 
 22 

SBA Lending Procedures 
 
 Prior to January 6, 2023, NSBF originated loans under the SBA 7(a) Program (authorized by section 7(a) of the Small Business Act, 15 U.S.C. 636(a)), in accordance with our credit and underwriting policy, which incorporates by reference the applicable regulations and the SBA Standard Operating Procedures, Lender and Development Company Loan Program SOP 50 10 and 50 57 2 (collectively, SBA Loan Program Requirements as they relate to the financing and servicing of such loans. Following the Acquisition, we anticipate that NSBF will continue to service its current portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans via a lender service provider agreement with SBL, and that new SBA 7(a) loan originations will be made by Newtek Bank. However, there can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending licenses, nor that Newtek Bank will obtain PLP status under the SBA 7(a) program following the Acquisition. See Risk Factors Risks Related to SBA Lending There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending license. 
 
 Historically, during the initial application process for a loan originated under the SBA 7(a) Program, a NewtekOne business service specialist assisted and guided the applicant through the application process, beginning with the submission of an online form through our customized loan portal. The online loan processing system collected required information and ensured that all necessary forms were provided to the applicant and filled out. The system conducted two early automatic screenings focused primarily on whether (i) the requested loan was for an eligible purpose, (ii) the requested loan was for an eligible amount and (iii) the applicant is an eligible borrower. If the applicant was eligible to fill out the entire application, the online system pre-qualified the applicant based on preset credit parameters meeting the standards of the Company and the SBA. 
 
 Once the online form and the application materials were completed, our underwriting department (the Underwriting Department became primarily responsible for reviewing and analyzing the application in order to accurately assess the level of risk that would be undertaken in making a loan. The Underwriting Department was responsible for assuring that all information necessary to prudently analyze the risk associated with a loan application had been obtained and analyzed. Credit files were developed and maintained with the documentation received during the application process in such a manner as to facilitate file review during subsequent developments during the life of the loan. 
 
 We anticipate that Newtek Bank will have similar SBA lending procedures. 
 
 Required Information 
 
 For a loan originated under the SBA 7(a) Program, the primary application document is SBA Form 1919 (Borrower Information Form) Form 1919 ). Among other things, Form 1919 requires identifying information about the applicant, loan request, indebtedness, the principals, current or previous government financing, and certain other disclosures. 
 
 In addition to Form 1919, the following additional information is required: 
 
 an SBA Form 912 (Statement of Personal History), if the relevant questions in Form 1919 are answered affirmatively; 
 
 an SBA Form 413 (Personal Financial Statement), for all owners of 20 or more (including the assets of the owner s spouse and any minor children), and proposed guarantors; 
 
 business financial statements dated within 180 days prior to submission to SBA, consisting of (a) year-end balance sheets for the last three years, including detailed debt schedule, (b) year-end profit loss (P L) statements for the last three years, (c) reconciliation of net worth, (d) interim balance sheet, and (e) interim P L statements; 
 
 a list of names and addresses of any subsidiaries and affiliates, including concerns in which the applicant holds a controlling interest and other concerns that may be affiliated by stock ownership, franchise, proposed merger or otherwise with the applicant, and business financial statements meeting the same requirements as above of such subsidiaries and affiliates; 
 
 formation documents for all obligor entities to validate existence and structure; 
 
 the applicant s original business license or certificate of doing business; 
 
 records of any loans the applicant may have applied for in the past; 
 
 signed personal and business U.S. federal income tax returns of the principals of the applicant s business for previous three years; 
 23 

personal resumes for each principal; 
 
 a brief history of the business and its challenges, including an explanation of why the SBA loan is needed and how it will help the business; 
 
 a copy of the applicant s business lease, or note from the applicant s landlord, giving terms of proposed lease; and 
 
 if purchasing an existing business, (a) current balance sheet and P L statement of business to be purchased, (b) previous two years U.S. federal income tax returns of the business, (c) proposed Bill of Sale including Terms of Sale, and (d) asking price with schedule of inventory, machinery and equipment, furniture and fixtures. 
 
 We view current financial information as the foundation of sound credit analysis. To that end, we verify all business income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and generally request that financial statements be submitted on an annual basis after the loan closes. For business entities or business guarantors, we request U.S. federal income tax returns for each fiscal year-end to meet the prior three-year submission requirement. For interim periods, we will accept management-prepared financial statements. The most recent financial information may not be more than 180 days old at the time of the approval of the loan, but we generally request that the most recent financial information not be older than 90 days in order to provide time for underwriting and submission to SBA for guaranty approval, if required. For individuals or personal guarantors, we require a personal financial statement dated within 180 days of the application (sixty days is preferred) and personal income tax returns for the prior three years. In connection with each yearly update of business financial information, the personal financial information of each principal must also be updated. Spouses are required to sign all personal financial statements in order for the Underwriting Department to verify compliance with the SBA s personal resource test. In addition, the Underwriting Department will ensure that there has been no adverse impact on financial condition of the applicant or its principals since the approval of the loan. If closing does not occur within ninety days of the date on which the loan is approved, updated business and personal financial statements must be obtained and any adverse change must be addressed before the proceeds of the loan may be disbursed. If closing does not occur within six months of the date on which the loan is approved, the applicant is generally required to reapply for the loan. 
 
 Stress Test 
 
 The standard underwriting process requires a stress test on the applicant s interest rate to gauge the amount of increase that can be withstood by the applicant s cash flow and still provide sufficient cash to service debt. The applicant s cash flow is tested up to a 2 increase in interest rate. If the applicant s debt service coverage ratio decreases to 1:1 or less than 1:1, the loan may only be made as an exception to our Underwriting Guidelines and would require the approval of our credit committee. 
 
 Required Site Visit 
 
 No loan will be funded without an authorized representative of NSBF first making a site visit to the business premises. We generally use a contracted vendor to make the required site visit but may from time to time send our own employees to perform this function. Each site visit will generate a narrative of the business property as well as photographs of the business property. Additional site visits will be made when a physical on-site inspection is warranted. 
 
 Credit Assessment of Applicant 
 
 Loan requests are assessed primarily based upon an analysis of the character, cash flow, capital, liquidity and collateral involved in the transaction. 
 
 Character: We require a personal credit report to be obtained on any principal or guarantor involved in a loan transaction. Emphasis is placed upon the importance of individual credit histories, as this is a primary indicator of an individual s willingness and ability to repay debt. Any material negative credit information must be explained in writing by the principal, and must be attached to the personal credit report in the credit file. No loan will be made where an individual s credit history calls into question the repayment ability of the business operation. A loan request from an applicant who has declared bankruptcy within the ten years preceding the loan application will require special consideration. A thorough review of the facts behind the bankruptcy and impact on creditors will be undertaken in determining whether the principal has demonstrated the necessary willingness and ability to repay debts. In addition, we will examine whether the applicant and its principals and guarantors have abided by the laws of their community. Any situation where a serious question concerning a principal s character exists will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Unresolved character issues are grounds for declining a loan request regardless of the applicant s financial condition or performance. 
 24 

Cash Flow: We recognize that cash flow is the primary and desired source of repayment on any loan, and therefore is the primary focus of the credit decision. Any transaction in which the repayment is not reasonably assured through cash flow will be declined, regardless of other possible credit strengths. At a minimum, combined EBITDA will be used to evaluate repayment ability. Other financial analysis techniques will be employed as needed to establish the reasonableness of repayment. Where repayment is based on past experience, the applicant must demonstrate minimum combined cash flow coverage of 1.2 times based upon the most recent fiscal year-end financial statement. A determination of the ability to repay will not be based solely upon interim operating results. Where repayment ability is not evident from historical combined earnings (including new businesses and changes of ownership), projections will be analyzed to determine whether repayment ability is reasonably assured. For changes in ownership, monthly cash flow forecasts will be analyzed to determine adequacy to meet all of the borrower s needs. 
 
 For business acquisition applications, the applicant will be required to submit projections and support such projections by detailed assumptions made for all major revenue and expense categories and an explanation of how the projections will be met. Analysis must include comparisons with relevant Risk Management Association RMA industry averages. EBITDA must be reasonably forecast to exceed debt service requirements by at least 1.2 times, after accounting for the initial phase of operations. For change of ownership applications, projections will also be measured against the actual historical financial results of the seller of the business concern. Projections must demonstrate repayment ability of not less than 1.2 times. 
 
 Capital: Capital is a strong traditional indicator of the financial health of a business. For going concern entities, the pro-forma leverage position, as measured by the debt to tangible net worth ratio, may not exceed the RMA industry median or 4 to 1, whichever is greater. For change of ownership transactions, generally 25 of total project costs should be contributed as equity resulting in debt to tangible net worth ratio of 3 to 1. 
 
 For a change of ownership transaction where a substantial portion of intangibles are included within the transaction, adequacy of capital will be determined based upon an evaluation of the business value and level of injection. In determining the legitimacy of the business value, the loan underwriter must utilize two SBA approved valuation methods, as outlined in SBA SOP 50 10. If the business value is found to be acceptable, and the equity injection into the project is within our requirements as outlined herein, then the capital position will be considered satisfactory. 
 
 As a general rule, shareholder and affiliate loans may be added back to net worth only if such loans will be subordinated for the life of the SBA loan, with no principal or interest payments to be made. Financing by the seller of the business may also be considered as equity if the loan will be placed on full standby for the life of the SBA loan. Adjustments to net worth to account for the difference between the book value and appraised value of fixed assets may be made only when supported by a current appraisal. Appraisals on a subject to basis are not acceptable. 
 
 Liquidity: Liquidity, as measured by the current ratio, must be in line with the RMA industry average. An assessment of the adequacy of working capital is required. An assessment of the liquidity of a business is essential in determining the ability to meet future obligations. Lending to cash businesses such as hotels and restaurants requires less analysis of the liquidity of the business due to the timing of cash receipts. Industries with large receivables, payables, and inventory accounts require thorough review of the cash cycle of the business and evaluation of the applicant s ability to manage these accounts. The current and quick ratios and turnover of receivables, payables and inventory are measured against the RMA industry median in determining the adequacy of these liquidity measures. 
 
 Collateral: We are required to reasonably secure each loan transaction with all worthwhile and available assets. Pursuant to SBA SOP 50 10, we may not (and will not) decline a loan if the only weakness in the application is the value of collateral in relation to the loan amount, provided that all assets available to the business and its principals have been pledged. As set forth in SBA SOP 50 10, the SBA considers a loan to be fully secured if the lender has taken a security interest in all available fixed assets with a combined net book value adjusted up to the loan amounts below. For 7(a) loans, fixed assets means real estate, including land and structures and machinery and equipment owned by the business. Net book value is defined as an asset s original price minus depreciation and amortization. 
 
 We attempt to secure each loan transaction with as much real estate and liquid asset collateral as necessary; however, all fixed assets must be evaluated. Fixed assets are evaluated on the basis of the net book value to determine the realizable value among collateral types. Valuation factors are applied as follows: 
 
 Commercial real estate 75 
 
 Residential real estate 85 
 25 

Vacant land 50 
 
 Machinery Equipment 50 
 
 Furniture Fixtures 10 
 
 Accounts receivable inventory 10 
 
 Leasehold improvements 5 
 
 Certificate of Deposit 100 
 
 Regulated Licenses will vary dependent upon type of license and geographic area. The liquidation rate used must be fully justified. 
 
 In addition to an assessment of the criteria specified above, there are certain special industry-specific requirements that will be considered in the loan application decision. 
 
 Change of Ownership: The minimum equity injection required in a change of ownership transaction is generally 20 but may be lower for specific industries such as medical and dental practices, gas stations and convenience stores, flag hotels and strong non-lodging franchises. 
 
 In the event of financing from the seller of the business, the applicant must inject not less than 10 of the project cost; the seller of the business may provide the balance on a complete standby basis for the life of the SBA loan. Exceptions to the equity requirement are reviewed on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 For a change of ownership transaction, the application must be accompanied by a business plan including reasonable financial projections. The financial performance of the seller of the business must be evaluated based upon three years of corporate income tax returns and a current interim financial statement. Projections for the applicant must be in line with the historical financial performance at the business location. In cases where financial performance of the seller of the business is poor, a satisfactory explanation must be provided to detail the circumstances of performance. Projections for the applicant must be accompanied by detailed assumptions and be supported by information contained in the business plan. 
 
 Management should have related experience in the industry and demonstrate the ability to successfully operate the business. In the absence of satisfactory related experience, an assessment of management s experience and capabilities, given the complexity and nature of the business, will be made. In the case of a franchise, we will generally take into account the reputation of a franchisor for providing worthwhile management assistance to its franchisees. 
 
 We carefully review change of ownership transactions. The loan underwriter will review the contract for sale, which will be included in the credit file. The contract for sale must include a complete breakdown of the purchase price, which must be justified through either a third party appraisal or directly by the loan underwriter through an approved valuation method specified in SBA SOP 50 10. The contract of sale must evidence an arm s length transaction (but transactions between related parties are permitted so long as they are on an arm s-length basis) which will preserve the existence of the small business or promote its sound development. In addition, a satisfactory reason for the sale of the business must be provided. The seller of the business must provide the prior three years of business tax returns and a current interim financial statement, as applicable. 
 
 As part of due diligence for a change of ownership transaction, the closing department will order and review lien searches run on the seller as well as the borrower/buyer. If such a search identifies any adverse information or unexpected liens, the credit will be referred back to underwriting so that a prudent credit decision may be made on the application in light of the new information. 
 
 Real Estate Transactions: Loan proceeds for the acquisition or refinancing of land or an existing building or for renovation or reconstruction of an existing building must meet the following criteria: 
 
 the property must be at least 51 owner-occupied pursuant to SBA policies; and 
 
 loan proceeds may not be used to remodel or convert any rental space in the property. 
 
 26 

For new construction, the Applicant must occupy 60 of the Rentable Property, may permanently lease to a third party up to 20 and temporarily lease an additional 20 with the intention of using some of the additional 20 within 3 years and all of it within 10 years. 
 
 NSBF policy regarding the use of real estate appraisals and environmental reports is intended to provide for a secure, orderly and independent process for the ordering, receipt and approval of independent valuation and environmental reports. Commercial real estate appraisals are required on all primary collateral prior to the loan closing. In general, appraisals will be required as follows: 
 
 For loans greater than 500,000 is secured by commercial real property; or 
 
 For loans 500,000 or less secured by commercial real property, an appraisal will be required if such appraisal is necessary for appropriate evaluation of creditworthiness. 
 
 The appraiser must be either State-licensed or State-certified (except when the property s estimated value is over 1,000,000, when the appraiser must be State-certified) and the appraisal report must conform to Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP); 
 
 Appraisal reviews are required for all commercial real estate with an appraised value of 500,000 or more conducted by a licensed/certified and independent MAI appraiser. 
 
 Environmental screenings and an environmental questionnaire are required for all commercial real estate taken as collateral. 
 
 The type and depth of an Environmental Investigation to be performed varies with the risks of Contamination. 
 
 In general, environmental reports are required as follows: 
 
 for real estate valued up to 500,000 a transaction screen including a records review; 
 
 for real estate valued in excess of 500,000 a Phase I Environmental Report; and 
 
 a Phase I Environmental Report will be required regardless of property value: gasoline service stations, car washes, dry cleaners and any other business known to be in environmentally polluting industries. 
 
 In all cases for commercial real estate taken as collateral: 
 
 if further testing is recommended, the recommended level of testing will be performed prior to the loan closing; and 
 
 if the report indicates remedial action to be taken by the business, such actions must be completed prior to the loan closing and a closure letter must be provided prior to funding. 
 
 Medical Professionals: In connection with a loan application relating to the financing of a medical business, all medical licenses will be verified, with the loss or non-renewal of license constituting grounds for denial of the application. In addition, medical professionals must provide evidence of malpractice liability insurance of at least 2.0 million or the loan amount, whichever is higher. Malpractice insurance must be maintained for the life of the loan. 
 
 Franchise Lending: All franchise loan applications will be evaluated as to eligibility by accessing SBA s Franchise Directory as required by SBA, which does not permit assistance to a franchise that has not been approved and listed on its Franchise Directory. The underwriter will review the Franchise Disclosure Document and the Franchise Agreement in the course of underwriting the credit. 
 
 Credit Package 
 
 For each loan application, the loan underwriter will prepare a credit package (the Credit Package ). All credit and collateral issues are addressed in the Credit Package, including but not limited to, the terms and conditions of the loan request, use of proceeds, collateral adequacy, financial condition of the applicant and business, management strength, repayment ability and conditions precedent. The Underwriting Department will recommend approval, denial or modification of the loan application. The Credit Package is submitted to our credit committee for further review and final decision regarding the loan application. 
 
 27 

Other than rejections for ineligibility of the applicant, the type of business or the loan purpose, NSBF may decline a loan application for the following reasons: 
 
 after taking into consideration prior liens and considered along with other credit factors, the net value of the collateral offered as security is not sufficient to protect the interest of the U.S. Government; 
 
 lack of reasonable assurance of ability to repay loan (and other obligations) from earnings; 
 
 lack of reasonable assurance that the business can be operated at a rate of profit sufficient to repay the loan (and other obligations) from earnings; 
 
 disproportion of loan requested and of debts to tangible net worth before and after the loan; 
 
 inadequate working capital after the disbursement of the loan; 
 
 the result of granting the financial assistance requested would be to replenish funds distributed to the owners, partners, or shareholders; 
 
 lack of satisfactory evidence that the funds required are not obtainable without undue hardship through utilization of personal credit or resources of the owner, partners or shareholders; 
 
 the major portion of the loan requested would be to refinance existing indebtedness presently financed through normal lending channels; 
 
 credit commensurate with applicant s tangible net worth is already being provided on terms considered reasonable; 
 
 gross disproportion between owner s actual investment and the loan requested; 
 
 lack of reasonable assurance that applicant will comply with the terms of the loan agreement; 
 
 unsatisfactory experience on an existing loan; or 
 
 economic or physical injury not substantiated. 
 
 If a loan application is accepted, we will issue an approval letter to the applicant. After approval, the SBA and NSBF enter into a Loan Authorization Agreement which sets forth the terms and conditions for the SBA s guaranty on the loan. The closing of a loan is handled by the closing and legal department consisting of loan closer, in-house attorneys and paralegals, whose primary responsibility is to close the loan in accordance with prudent lending standards and in compliance with SBA requirements thereby seeking to preserve SBA s guaranty of repayment. Before loan proceeds are disbursed, the closing staff will review all required documentation (including but not limited to entity documentation, proof of insurance and licensing, environmental reports and appraisals, and will verify the applicant s required capital injection, ensure that loan proceeds are being used as authorized and obtain required lien positions. 
 
 Maintenance of Credit Files 
 
 Loan files (consisting of credit files, due diligence, loan closing documentation) are maintained and administered in the Newtek Loan Portal and permanently stored in the Newtek Filevault. The loan file contains all documentation necessary to show: (a) the basis and purpose of the loan, (b) compliance with policy, regulation, loan conditions (such as rate, terms of repayment, collateral), and (c) the authority for granting the loan. The loan file is subject to review or audit by the SBA at any time. The files are organized pursuant to a specified format which facilitates the consistency and readability of the documentation for reviewers and/or auditors. Portfolio and servicing documentation are also administered in the Newtek Loan Portal and permanently stored in the Newtek File Vault. 
 
 28 

Non SBA 7(a) Loans 
 
 Due Diligence and Underwriting 
 
 In making loans other than SBA 7(a) loans or similar conventional loans to SMBs, our Senior Lending Team will take a direct role in screening potential loans, in supervising the due diligence process, in the preparation of deal documentation and the completion of the transactions. The members of the Senior Lending Team complete due diligence and analyze the relationships among the prospective client s business plan, operations and expected financial performance. Due diligence may address some or all of the following depending on the size and nature of the proposed investment: 
 
 on-site visits with management and relevant key employees; 
 
 in-depth review of historical and projected financial statements, including covenant calculation work sheets; 
 
 interviews with customers and suppliers; 
 
 management background checks; 
 
 review reports by third-party accountants, outside counsel and other industry, operational or financial experts; and/or 
 
 review material contracts. 
 
 During the underwriting process, significant, ongoing attention is devoted to sensitivity analyses regarding whether a company might bear a significant downside case and remain profitable and in compliance with assumed financial covenants. These downside scenarios typically involve assumptions regarding the loss of key customers and/or suppliers, an economic downturn, adverse regulatory changes and other relevant stressors that we attempt to simulate in our quantitative and qualitative analyses. Further, we continually examine the effect of these scenarios on financial ratios and other metrics. 
 
 Approval, Documentation and Closing 
 
 Upon the completion of the due diligence process, the Senior Lending Team will review the results and determine if the transaction should proceed to approval. If approved by our Senior Lending Team or credit committee, the underwriting professionals heretofore involved proceed to documentation. 
 
 As and to the extent necessary, key documentation challenges are brought before our Senior Lending Team for prompt discussion and resolution. Upon the completion of satisfactory documentation and the satisfaction of closing conditions, final approval is sought from Senior Lending Team before closing and funding. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete for SBA 7(a) and other SMB loans with other financial institutions and various SMB lenders, as well as other sources of funding. Additionally, competition for loans has emerged among alternative investment vehicles, such as collateralized loan obligations, some of which are sponsored by other alternative asset investors, as these entities have begun to focus on making investments in SMBs. As a result of these new entrants, competition for our loan opportunities may intensify. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do, but we believe that they invariably lack the ability to process loans as quickly as we can and do not have the depth of our customer service capabilities. We believe we will be able to compete with these entities primarily on the basis of our financial technology infrastructure, our experience and reputation, our deep industry knowledge and ability to provide customized business solutions, our willingness to make smaller loans than other specialty finance companies, the breadth of our contacts, our responsive and efficient loan analysis and decision-making processes, and the loan terms we offer. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries compete in a large number of markets for the sale of financial and business solutions to SMBs. Each of our subsidiaries competes not only against suppliers in its particular state or region of the country but also against suppliers operating on a national or even a multi-national scale. None of the markets in which our subsidiaries compete are dominated by a small number of companies that could materially alter the terms of the competition. 
 
 For example, our electronic payment processing subsidiaries compete with entities including Global Payments, First National Bank of Omaha and Paymentech, L.P. 
 
 29 

Our Lending Platform ecosystem competes with regional and national banks and non-bank lenders. Other companies, including Intuit , are bundling electronic payment processing, web hosting and payroll services similar to ours in offerings that compete in the same SMB market. 
 
 In many cases, we believe that our competitors are not as able as we are to take advantage of changes in business practices due to technological developments and, for those with a larger size, are unable to offer the personalized service that many SMB owners and operators desire. 
 
 While we compete with many different providers in our various businesses, we have been unable to identify any direct and comprehensive competitors that deliver the same broad suite of services focused on the needs of the SMB market with the same marketing strategy as we do. We believe that some of the competitive advantages of our ecosystem include: 
 
 compatible products such as our e-commerce offerings that we are able to bundle to increase sales, reduce costs and reduce risks for our customers and enable us to sell two, three, or four products at the same time; 
 
 the patented NewTracker referral system, which allows us and our subsidiaries to process new business utilizing a web-based, centralized processing point and provides back end scalability, and allows our alliance partners to offer a centralized access point for their SMB clients as part of their larger strategic approach to marketing, thus demonstrating their focus on providing a suite of services to the SMB market in addition to their core service; 
 
 the focus on developing and marketing business and financial solutions aimed at the SMB market; 
 
 scalability, which allows us to size our business and financial solutions capabilities very quickly to meet customer and market needs; 
 
 the ability to offer personalized service and competitive rates; 
 
 a strategy of multiple channel distribution, which gives us maximum exposure in the marketplace; 
 
 high quality customer service 24/7/365 across all business lines, with a focus primarily on absolute customer service and; 
 
 a telephonic and video interview process, as opposed to requiring handwritten or data-typing processes, which allows us to offer high levels of customer service and satisfaction, particularly for SMB owners who do not get this service from our competitors 
 
 Human Capital including Senior Lending Team and Executive Committee 
 
 The long-term success of our Company depends on our people. Our team comprises experienced lending professionals, executive officers and banking, treasury, finance, risk management, administrative support, IT and human resources professionals. 
 
 The key members of our senior lending team Senior Lending Team ), many of whom have worked together for more than ten years, each have over 25 years of experience in lending-related fields. Many of these lending professionals have worked together through two recessions, a credit crunch, the dot-com boom and bust and a historic, leverage-fueled asset valuation bubble. Each member brings a complementary component to a team well-rounded in finance, accounting, operations, strategy, business law and executive management. 
 
 We are managed by our Executive Committee, which includes Barry Sloane, Peter Downs, Michael A. Schwartz and Nicholas Leger, under the supervision of our Board. While our subsidiaries are independently managed by their executive officers, members of our Executive Committee oversee our subsidiaries. Messrs. Sloane and Downs have been involved together in the structuring and management of equity investments for the past 19 years. 
 
 The retention of our Senior Lending Team and Executive Committee is material to the management of our business. The departure of key personnel could adversely affect our business and cause us to lose current and potential business opportunities. As such, we believe we offer a competitive compensation and benefits structure that we believe is attractive to our current and prospective professionals. As we hire and develop individuals, we take succession planning into account. 
 
 30 

As of December 31, 2022 our workforce consisted of 104 professionals (not including portfolio company employees). We strive to continue to create a welcoming and inclusive work environment for our employees. We are committed to recruiting, motivating. and developing a diversity of talent and to create an inclusive community where all individuals are welcomed, valued, respected, and heard. In order to support a culture of learning, we provide many training opportunities for our employees to continue to build their skills and increase their effectiveness as members of a team, including offering a variety of external and internal classes and training sessions as well as hands-on learning and one-on-one mentorship. 
 
 We are committed to fostering a workplace conducive to the open communication of any concerns regarding unethical, fraudulent or illegal activities. Feedback from employees on matters related to their employment or our operations including its financial statement disclosures, accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters is greatly appreciated and helps to build a stronger organization. Each director, officer, regular full-time, part-time and temporary employee of the Company has the ability to report confidentially under the Company s whistleblower policy: (a) questionable or improper accounting, internal controls, auditing matters, disclosure, or fraudulent business practices and (b) illegal or unethical behavior that has occurred, is ongoing, or is about to occur of an applicable law, rule, regulation or policy of the Company. We protect the confidentiality of those making reports of possible misconduct to the maximum extent permitted by law. Our no retaliation policy prohibits retaliation against those who report activities believed in good faith to be a violation of any law, rule, regulation or internal policy. 
 
 We maintain and ensure compliance of all directors, officers and employees to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics which is acknowledged in writing on joining and annually by all our employees, as a continued condition of employment. Our Code of Ethics establishes applicable policies, guidelines, and procedures that promote ethical practices and conduct by the Company and all its employees, officers, and directors. Our Code of Ethics can be found on our website at https:/investor.newtekbusinessservices.com/corporate-governance . 
 
 We aim to provide a safe environment at work. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, the safety of our employees, clients, customers, and vendors was at the forefront of our decisions regarding a remote work policy. Following local and CDC guidance, we made our offices accessible to those who prefer to work in the office, with restrictions and safety protocols in place, including limiting office capacity. For those hesitant to return to the office, we have continued to support remote work as an option. In addition to protecting the physical safety of our employees, we seek to promote a safe environment that is free of harassment or bullying. We do not tolerate discrimination and harassment of any kind including but not limited to sexual, gender identity, race, religion, ethnicity, age, or disability, among others. 
 
 We monitor our attrition and analyze reasons for leaving the Company. We value employee feedback and make adjustments to employees needs and concerns as they are raised. 
 Available Information 
 We are subject to the informational requirements of the SEC and in accordance with those requirements file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC s web site is http://www.sec.gov. Our principal offices are located at 4800 T Rex Avenue, Suite 120, Boca Raton, Florida and our telephone number is (212) 356-9500. Our website may be directly accessed at http://www.newtekone.com . We make available through our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. These documents may be directly accessed at https://investor.newtekbusinessservices.com. Information contained on our website is not a part of this report. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Section 5610 of the Nasdaq Corporate Governance Requirements that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. The code of ethics is published and available on the Company s website at https://investor.newtekbusinessservices.com/corporate-governance is attached as an exhibit and is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at www.sec.gov . You may also obtain copies of the code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 
 31 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 
 We have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Mr. Michael Schwartz currently serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 Privacy Principles 
 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our shareholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 
 Generally, we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our shareholders, although certain non-public personal information of our shareholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our shareholders or former shareholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service shareholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent). 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer must certify the accuracy of the consolidated financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting; and 
 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 
 Taxation as a Financial Holding Company 
 
 As a BDC, prior to our conversion on January 6, 2023 to a financial holding company, for any taxable year in which we qualified as a RIC and satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement, we generally were not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our income we distributed to our stockholders. In order to comply with these requirements, we maintained a dividend policy of making quarterly distributions in an amount that approximated 90 - 100 of the Company's annual taxable income. 
 
 For 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries will no longer qualify as a RIC and will file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Financial holding companies are subject to federal and state income taxes in essentially the same manner as other corporations. Taxable income is generally calculated under applicable sections of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), including Sections 581 through 597 that apply specifically to financial institutions. Some modifications are required by state law and the 2017 tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"). Among other things, the Tax Act (i) established a new, flat corporate federal statutory income tax rate of 21 , (ii) eliminates the corporate alternative minimum tax and allowed the use of any such carryforwards to offset regular tax liability for any taxable year, (iii) limited the deduction for net interest expense incurred by U.S. corporations, (iv) allowed businesses to immediately expense, for tax purposes, the cost of new investments in certain qualified depreciable assets, (v) eliminated or reduced certain deductions related to meals and entertainment expenses, (vi) modified the limitation on excessive employee 
 32 

remuneration to eliminate the exception for performance-based compensation and clarified the definition of a covered employee and (vii) limited the deductibility of deposit insurance premiums. There can be no assurance as to the actual effective rate because it will be dependent upon the nature and amount of future income and expenses as well as actual investments generating investment tax credits and transactions with discrete tax effects. 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 We conduct our principal business activities in facilities leased from unrelated parties at market rates. Our headquarters are located in Boca Raton, Florida. Our operating subsidiaries have properties which are material to the conduct of their business as noted below. In addition, our Capcos maintain offices in each of the states in which they operate. 
 Below is a list of our leased offices and space as of December 31, 2022 which are material to the conduct of our business: 
 Location Lease expiration Purpose Approximate square feet 4800 T Rex Avenue Boca Raton, FL 33431 April 2026 Corporate headquarters and NSBF lending operations 7,800 1981 Marcus Avenue Lake Success, NY 11042 April 2027 Lending operations, corporate operations, NY Capco offices and certain subsidiaries offices 44,800 14 East Washington Street Orlando, FL 32801 Month-to-Month NBL lending operations 1,700 1111 Brickell Avenue, Suite 135 Miami, Florida 33131 February 2027 Main office Newtek Bank, National Association 1,800 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries may from time to time be party to lawsuits and claims. The Company evaluates such matters on a case by case basis and its policy is to contest vigorously any claims it believes are without compelling merit. The Company is not currently involved in any litigation matters that are expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial condition. For legal proceedings involving controlled portfolio companies, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on March 1, 2022. 
 
 For example, the Company closed on its 5.4 million investment in BSP in June 2016. Subsequently, as previously disclosed, the Company invested 1.7 million in additional capital and recorded 7.1 million in unrealized losses on the BSP investment to write down the fair value of the investment to 0.0 million by June 30, 2019. The BSP investment resulted in protracted litigation with Kerri Agee, the former owner and President of BSP, who filed for bankruptcy and was indicted in 2019 for, and convicted in 2021 of, defrauding the SBA. The Agee litigation concluded with Holdco 5 obtaining a nondischargeable judgment against Agee in the amount of 6.2 million in January 2022. Holdco 5 intends to vigorously pursue all of its rights relating to this matter, though there can be no assurances of the possibility of recovering some or substantially all of the assets referred to in the judgement. Holdco 5 has not recorded any gain contingency relating to this litigation. 
 
 In addition, as a result of a litigation brought by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC in October 2012, NMS voluntarily entered into, and is presently operating under, a permanent injunction with respect to certain of its business practices. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 None. 
 
 59 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 16.28 Second Quarter 16.38 Third Quarter 16.23 Fourth Quarter 16.72 2022 First Quarter 16.49 Second Quarter 16.31 Third Quarter 16.04 ) Fourth Quarter 15.25 ) 2023 First Quarter: January 1, 2023 through March 14, 2023 
 (1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The values reflect net asset value per share and are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 
 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low sales price divided by net asset value and subtracting 1. 
 Not determinable at time of filing. 
 The last reported price for our common stock on March 14, 2023 was 12.66 per share. 
 The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our shares will trade at, above, or below net asset value. During the time that we operated as a BDC, our shares of common stock have traded at prices both less than and exceeding our NAV per share. 
 Holders 
 As of March 14, 2023, there were approximately 92 holders of record of our common stock. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 We issue shares of common stock that are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act in connection with the DRIP. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we issued 95,300 and 72,200 shares of common stock, respectively, valued at 1.6 million and 1.9 million, respectively to shareholders in connection with the DRIP. 

We also issue shares of common stock that are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act in connection with dividends on unvested restricted stock awards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we issued an additional 35,500 and 19,200 shares, respectively, valued at 0.6 million and 0.5 million, respectively, related to dividends on unvested restricted stock awards. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Distributions 
 
 Prior to our 2023 taxable year, when the Company operated as a RIC, we were required to timely distribute to our shareholders, in respect of each taxable year, dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to the Annual Distribution Requirement. Upon satisfying this requirement in respect of a taxable year, we generally were not subject to U.S. federal income taxes at corporate rates on any income we distributed to our shareholders as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 However, as a RIC we were subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income and gains unless we made distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a timely manner to our shareholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. We were not subject to this excise tax on any amount on which we incurred U.S. federal corporate income tax (such as the tax imposed on a RIC s retained net capital gains). 
 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a taxable year, we could choose to carry over taxable income in excess of that taxable s year distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes from such taxable income into the next taxable year and incur a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such taxable income, as required. The maximum amount of excess taxable income that may be carried over for distribution in the next taxable year under the Code is the total amount of distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes paid in the following taxable year, subject to certain declaration and payment guidelines. 
 
 As a financial holding company, the Company will no longer maintain the dividend policy pursuant to which the Company distributed an amount equal to the Annual Distribution Requirement and can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions. See Item 1. Business. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our dividend declarations and distributions through December 31, 2022: 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution Declared March 30, 2015 April 13, 2015 0.39 June 29, 2015 July 15, 2015 0.47 October 22, 2015 November 3, 2015 0.50 November 18, 2015 (1) 
 December 31, 2015 2.69 January 7, 2016 January 19, 2016 0.40 March 22, 2016 March 31, 2016 0.35 June 20, 2016 June 30, 2016 0.35 September 20, 2016 September 30, 2016 0.43 December 15, 2016 December 30, 2016 0.40 March 20, 2017 March 31, 2017 0.36 May 31, 2017 June 30, 2017 0.40 September 22, 2017 September 29, 2017 0.44 December 18, 2017 December 28, 2017 0.44 March 20, 2018 March 30, 2018 0.40 June 15, 2018 June 29, 2018 0.42 September 17, 2018 September 28, 2018 0.48 December 18, 2018 December 28, 2018 0.50 March 15, 2019 March 29, 2019 0.40 June 14, 2019 June 28, 2019 0.46 September 20, 2019 September 30, 2019 0.58 December 16, 2019 December 30, 2019 0.71 March 18, 2020 March 31, 2020 0.44 July 15, 2020 July 31, 2020 0.56 September 21, 2020 September 30, 2020 0.58 December 18, 2020 December 30, 2020 0.47 March 22, 2021 March 31, 2021 0.50 June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 0.70 September 20, 2021 September 30, 2021 0.90 December 20, 2021 December 30, 2021 1.05 March 21, 2022 March 31, 2022 0.65 June 20, 2022 June 30, 2022 0.75 September 20, 2022 September 30, 2022 0.65 December 20, 2022 December 30, 2022 0.70 19.52 
 (1) The Special dividend was declared as a result of the Company s RIC election for tax year 2015 and represents the distribution of 100 of the Company s accumulated earnings and profits through December 31, 2014. Pursuant to applicable Treasury Regulation and IRS guidance, 27 of the dividend was paid in cash and 73 was paid in newly issued shares of our common stock. 
 
 Prior to 2023, as a BDC and RIC, our Board maintained a variable distribution policy with the objective of distributing four quarterly distributions in an amount that approximated 90 - 100 of our estimated annual taxable income for a particular taxable year. As a financial holding company the Company s ability to pay dividends and make other capital distributions is limited by regulatory capital rules and other aspects of the regulatory regime. For example, a policy statement of the Federal Reserve provides that, among other things, a financial holding company generally should not pay dividends if its net income for the past year is not sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. 
 
 Historically, distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would generally be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of a shareholder s tax basis in our shares, and any distributions paid in excess of a shareholder s tax basis in our shares would generally be treated as a capital gain. The determination of the tax attributes of our distributions is 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 made annually as of the end of our taxable year and is generally based upon our taxable income for the full taxable year and distributions paid for the full taxable year. Of the distributions declared during the year ended December 31, 2022, 48.3 million was distributions derived from our current and accumulated earnings and profits and capital gains and 17.9 million was a return of capital. Of the distributions declared during the year ended December 31, 2021, 100 were distributions derived from our current and accumulated earnings and profits and capital gains. See NOTE 18 INCOME TAXES. There can be no certainty to shareholders that this determination is representative of the tax attributes of the 2023 distributions that we anticipate would be made to shareholders. 
 
 We maintain an opt-out dividend reinvestment plan for our common shareholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless the shareholder specifically opts out of the dividend reinvestment plan and chooses to receive cash distributions. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 95,300 and 72,200 shares, respectively, of common stock to shareholders in connection with the DRIP. 
 The Company has a stock-based compensation plan as discussed in NOTE 12 STOCK BASED COMPENSATION. Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders None None 2,311,596 shares Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders None None None 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, the Russell 2000, and S P Small Cap 600 for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that, on January 1, 2018, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite, S P 500 Index, Russell 2000 and S P Small Cap 600. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid are invested in like securities. 

Senior Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held million of aggregate principal amount of senior securities, which represented asset coverage, as defined under the 1940 Act. 

64 

N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A 2016 N/A 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Bank Notes Payable December 31, 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A 2016 N/A 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Notes Payable Related Parties December 31, 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A 2016 N/A 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Notes due 2026 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 
 65 

2015 2014 2013 Notes due 2025 December 31, 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A 2016 N/A 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Notes due 2024 (5) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 N/A 2017 N/A 2016 N/A 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Notes due 2023 (6) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 N/A 2016 N/A 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Notes due 2022 (7) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 
 66 

2016 2015 2014 N/A 2013 N/A Notes due 2021 (8) 
 December 31, 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 2016 2015 N/A 2014 N/A 2013 N/A 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 
 (2) Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of our total consolidated assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness. 
 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The indicates information that the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 
 (4) Not applicable for senior securities that are not registered for public trading. The average market values per unit for our 2026 Notes, 2024 Notes, 2023 Notes, 2022 Notes, and for our 2021 Notes are based on the average daily prices of such notes and are expressed per 1,000 of indebtedness. 
 (5) On February 16, 2021 and May 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 5.0 million and 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes, respectively. The Company partially redeemed 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes on December 29, 2021. 
 (6) The Company redeemed all 57.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes on February 22, 2021. 
 (7) The Company redeemed all 8.324 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes on August 29, 2019. 
 (8) The Company redeemed all 40.25 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Notes on March 23, 2018. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 
 
 67 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Introduction and Certain Cautionary Statements 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. 
 The statements in this Annual Report may contain forward-looking statements relating to such matters as anticipated future financial performance, business prospects, legislative developments and similar matters. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results expressed in the forward-looking statements such as intensified competition and/or operating problems in our operating business projects and their impact on revenues and profit margins or additional factors as described under Risk Factors above. 

Executive Overview 
 
 Conversion to a Financial Holding Company 
 
 As of January 6, 2023, we are a financial holding company that, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, intends to provide a wide range of business and financial solutions under the NewtekOne brand to the SMB market. Effective January 6, 2023, following authorization by our shareholders, we withdrew our previous election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Prior to such time, we operated as a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that was subject to regulation as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Contemporaneously with withdrawing our election to be regulated as a BDC, on January 6, 2023, we completed the previously announced Acquisition of NBNYC, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, pursuant to which we acquired from the NBNYC shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC for 20 million. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association and has become our wholly owned subsidiary. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, we have contributed to Newtek Bank 31 million of cash and two of our subsidiaries, NBL and SBL. As a result of the Acquisition, we are now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. We no longer qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for federal income tax purposes and will no longer qualify for accounting treatment as an investment company. As a result, in addition to Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, NBL and SBL, the following portfolio companies and subsidiaries will now be consolidated non-bank subsidiaries in our financial statements: NSBF; NMS; Mobil Money; NBC; PMT; NIA; TAM; Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc; NCL; EWS; NTS and POS. In addition, as a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, we will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by EWS and NTS including its subsidiary SIDCO, within two years of becoming a financial holding company, subject to any extension of the two-year period. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance Our status as a financial holding company requires us to curtail certain activities and imposes limitations on certain activities, which may negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 Historical Business Regulation and Taxation 
 
 Prior to January 6, 2023, we operated as an internally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company that elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC, under the 1940 Act, we were not permitted to acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets, and we were not permitted to issue senior securities unless the ratio of its total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness represented by senior securities) to its total indebtedness represented by senior securities plus preferred stock, if any, was at least 150 . As of December 31 2022, our asset coverage was 169 . Although we are no longer regulated as a BDC, certain covenants in our outstanding 2024 and 2026 Notes require us to maintain an asset coverage of at least 150 as long as the 2024 and 2026 Notes are outstanding. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock We ar e subject to 150 asset coverage requirements due to covenants contained in the indentures under which the 2024 and 2026 Notes were issued. 
 
 Additionally, prior to January 6, 2023, due to our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act, we elected to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, beginning with our 2015 tax year. As a RIC, we generally did not have to pay U.S. federal income taxes at corporate rates on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distributed to our shareholders as dividends. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we were required to, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to obtain RIC tax benefits, we were required to distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses. 
 68 

For 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries will no longer qualify as a RIC and will file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Financial holding companies are subject to federal and state income taxes in essentially the same manner as other corporations. Taxable income is generally calculated under applicable sections of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), including Sections 581 through 597 that apply specifically to financial institutions. Some modifications are required by state law and the 2017 tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"). Among other things, the Tax Act (i) established a new, flat corporate federal statutory income tax rate of 21 , (ii) eliminates the corporate alternative minimum tax and allowed the use of any such carryforwards to offset regular tax liability for any taxable year, (iii) limited the deduction for net interest expense incurred by U.S. corporations, (iv) allowed businesses to immediately expense, for tax purposes, the cost of new investments in certain qualified depreciable assets, (v) eliminated or reduced certain deductions related to meals and entertainment expenses, (vi) modified the limitation on excessive employee remuneration to eliminate the exception for performance-based compensation and clarified the definition of a covered employee and (vii) limited the deductibility of deposit insurance premiums. There can be no assurance as to the actual effective rate because it will be dependent upon the nature and amount of future income and expenses as well as actual investments generating investment tax credits and transactions with discrete tax effects. 
 
 From 2012 through December 31, 2022, NSBF, our wholly-owned subsidiary, was consistently the largest non-bank SBA 7(a) lender in the U.S. based on dollar volume of loan approvals, and, as of December 31, 2022, was the third largest SBA 7(a) lender in the United States. Historically, NSBF structured its loans so that it could both sell the government guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans and securitize the unguaranteed portions. This structure generally allowed NSBF to recover its capital and earn excess capital on each loan, typically within a year. Following the Acquisition, NSBF will begin to wind down its operations, transition SBA 7(a) loan originations to Newtek Bank, and will continue to own the 7(a) Loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off or (subject to SBA s prior written approval) sale or transfer. There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending license, nor that Newtek Bank will o btain PLP status under the SBA 7(a) program following the Acquisition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to SBA lending There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending license . 
 
 Additionally, we and our subsidiaries have historically provided a wide range of business and financial solutions to SMB relationships, including Business Lending, which includes SBA 7(a) loans, SBA 504 loans and conventional loans, Electronic Payment Processing, Managed Technology Solutions (Cloud Computing), Technology Consulting, eCommerce, Accounts Receivable and Inventory Financing, personal and commercial lines Insurance Services, Web Services, Data Backup, Storage and Retrieval, and Payroll and Benefits Solutions to SMB relationships nationwide across all industries. We supported the operations of our subsidiaries by providing access to our proprietary and patented technology platform, including NewTracker , our patented prospect management software. We have historically defined SMBs as companies having revenues of 1.00 million to 100.00 million, and we have generally estimated the SMB market to be over 30 million businesses in the United States. While our historical investments primarily included making loans and providing business solutions to the SMB market through NSBF and our controlled portfolio companies, we also made opportunistic investments in larger or smaller companies. Following the Acquisition, there can be no assurance regarding our continued lending prospects or operations as a financial holding company. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance We have a limited operating history as a financial holding company. 
 
 On August 2, 2021, we entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC. The Acquisition was part of a plan to reposition us as a bank holding company and our intent to elect financial holding company status. Prior to January 6, 2023, we received the approval of our shareholders to withdraw our election as a BDC under the 1940 Act, received the approval of the OCC to acquire all of the outstanding stock of NBNYC, and received approval from the Federal Reserve to become a financial holding company. On January 6, 2023, we closed on the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC, changed NBNYC s name to Newtek Bank, N.A. and, contemporaneously therewith, withdrew our election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a result of withdrawing our election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, we will no longer qualify for tax treatment as a RIC under the Code beginning in our 2023 taxable year. 
 
 Following the closing of the Acquisition on January 6, 2023, we intend to operate as a financial holding company. Specifically, we have contributed 31 million cash and NBL and SBL to Newtek Bank, and intend to provide a centralized lending operations through Newtek Bank, N.A. In addition, all of our portfolio companies are now consolidated subsidiaries of the Company. We intend to further develop our current patented technology, which we intend to complement its proposed banking offerings, subject to Regulatory Approvals. We also intend to retain our current board of directors and management, as supplemental by additional personnel with banking experience. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully operate a bank and as a financial holding company. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance. 
 
 69 

As a financial holding company, we will subject to regulation and supervision that will be different from our prior regulation and supervision as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and will be required to comply with accounting and financial reporting requirements that will be different from our reporting requirements as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Moreover, our conversion to a financial holding company may make it more difficult for us to be acquired in the future. For information on the risks of operating as a financial holding company, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Related to Regulation, Supervision and Compliance. 
 
 Our common shares are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol NEWT . 
 
 NSBF and Newtek Bank are nationally licensed SBA lenders under the federal Section 7(a) loan program and originate, sell and service SBA 7(a) loans. NSBF has been granted PLP status and is authorized to place SBA guarantees on loans without seeking prior SBA review and approval. Being a national lender with PLP status allows NSBF to expedite the origination of loans since NSBF is not required to present applications to the SBA for concurrent review and approval. The loss of PLP status would adversely impact our marketing efforts and ultimately our loan origination volume, which would negatively impact our results of operations. We anticipate Newtek Bank, N.A. obtaining PLP status during the first quarter of 2023, however, there is no guarantee that Newtek Bank will receive PLP status. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to SBA Lending - There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending license." 
 
 Economic Developments 
 
 We have observed and continue to observe supply chain interruptions, significant labor and resource shortages, commodity inflation, rising interest rates, economic sanctions as a result of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and elements of economic and financial market instability in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China. One or more of these factors may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long term effects in the United States and worldwide financial markets, and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Additionally, in the event that the U.S. economy enters into a protracted recession, it is possible that the results of some of the companies similar to those in which we invest could experience deterioration, which could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults. While we are not seeing signs of an overall, broad deterioration in our operating results at this time, there can be no assurance that the performance of certain of our clients will not be negatively impacted by economic conditions, which could have a negative impact on our future results. 
 
 Over two years after COVID-19 was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, its continued persistence in the United States and worldwide and the magnitude of the economic impact of the outbreak continue to create an uncertain environment in which we, our subsidiaries and our clients operate. The preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate the spread of COVID-19 have caused, and may in the future cause, business shutdowns, cancellations of events and other travel disruptions. We continue to closely monitor our clients; however, we are unable to predict the duration of any business and supply-chain disruptions and resource shortages, the extent to which COVID-19 or economic conditions may negatively affect our clients operating results or the impact that such disruptions may have on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Revenues 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenue in the form of interest, dividend, servicing and other fee income on debt and equity investments. We entered into debt investments that typically have terms of 10 to 25 years and bear interest at prime plus a margin. In some instances, we received payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we received repayments of some of our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments fluctuated significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 also reflects the proceeds of sales of securities. We received servicing income related to the guaranteed portions of SBA investments which we originated and sold into the secondary market. These recurring fees were earned daily and recorded when earned. In addition, we generated revenue in the form of packaging, prepayment, legal and late fees. We recorded such fees related to loans as other income. Dividends were recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and were expected to be collected. Dividend income was recorded at the time dividends were declared. Distributions of earnings from portfolio companies were evaluated to determine if the distribution was income, return of capital or realized gain. In addition, under the PPP that began in the second quarter of 2020 and concluded during the third quarter of 2021, the SBA reimbursed the Company for originating loans and such SBA reimbursements are included as interest income on PPP loans. Income earned in connection with the PPP should not be viewed as recurring. NSBF funded the balance of its PPP loans by the end of July 2021. NSBF has redeployed resources used to generate PPP loans to the origination of SBA 7(a) loans. 
 70 

We recognized realized gains or losses on investments based on the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. We recorded current period changes in fair value of investments and assets that were measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments or servicing assets, as appropriate, in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Following our conversion to a financial holding company, we intend to generate revenues in the form of interest, servicing and other fee income on the loans we and Newtek Bank originate. In addition, our portfolio companies have become consolidating subsidiaries of NewtekOne in 2023 and therefore, under the new organizational structure, their revenues will be consolidated within the statement of operations going forward along with our joint ventures. With the inclusion of NMS, NIA, PMT, and NTS, we anticipate reporting Web Hosting and IT Support Revenue, Electronic Payment Processing Revenue, Insurance Commissions Revenue, and Payroll Processing Revenue going forward. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our primary operating expenses were salaries and benefits, interest expense, origination and servicing and other general and administrative costs, such as professional fees, marketing, referral fees, servicing costs and rent. 
 
 Following our conversion to a financial holding company, we expect to incur expenses in the form of interest on borrowings at Newtek Bank. In addition, our portfolio companies have become consolidating subsidiaries of NewtekOne, Inc. in 2023 and therefore, under the new organizational structure, their expenses will be consolidated within the statement of operations going forward along with our joint ventures. With the inclusion of NMS, NIA, PMT, and NTS, we anticipate reporting COGS on Technology, Electronic Payment Processing Costs, and Payroll Processing Costs going forward. 
 Guarantees 
 The Company is a guarantor on the Receivable and Inventory Facility at NBC. Maximum borrowings under the Receivable and Inventory Facility are 12.0 million and will be reduced until the facility matures in May 2023. At December 31, 2022, total principal owed by NBC was 10.2 million. In addition, the Company deposited 0.75 million to collateralize the guarantee. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on the NBL Capital One Facility, NBL Deutsche Bank Facility and NBL One Florida Bank Facility. Maximum borrowings under the NBL Capital One Facility are 60.0 million with an accordion feature to increase maximum borrowings to 150.0 million. The lenders commitments terminate in November 2022, with all amounts due under the NBL Capital One Facility maturing in November 2025. Maximum borrowings under the NBL Deutsche Bank facility 50.0 million with a maturity date in November 2024. Maximum borrowings under the NBL One Florida Bank facility are 20.0 million with a maturity date in September 2024. At December 31, 2022, total principal owed by NBL under these facilities was 42.5 million. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under these guarantees. 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on the Webster Facility, a term loan facility between NMS with Webster Bank with an aggregate principal amount up to 54.9 million. The Webster Facility matures in November 2023. At December 31, 2022, total principal outstanding was 39.9 million. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 71 

The Company s Non-Conforming Conventional Commercial Loan Program 
 
 NCL: We established a 50/50 joint venture, NCL, between Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek, and Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC, a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (Nasdaq:TCPC). NCL provided non-conforming conventional commercial and industrial term loans to U.S. middle-market companies and small businesses. NCL ceased funding new loans during 2020. On January 28, 2022, NCL closed a conventional commercial loan securitization with the sale of 56.3 million Class A Notes, NCL Business Loan Trust 2022-1, Business Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2022-1, secured by a segregated asset pool consisting primarily of NCL s portfolio of conventional commercial business loans, including loans secured by liens on commercial or residential mortgaged properties, originated by NCL and NBL. The Notes were rated A (sf) by DBRS Morningstar. The Notes were priced at a yield of 3.209 . The proceeds of the securitization were used, in part, to repay the Deutsche Bank credit facility and return capital to the NCL partners. Refer to NOTE 3 INVESTMENTS for selected financial information and a schedule of investments of NCL as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Newtek-TSO JV: On August 5, 2022, Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. and TSO II Booster Aggregator, L.P. TSO II entered into a joint venture, Newtek-TSO JV, governed by the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the Newtek-TSO JV. Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. and TSO II each committed to contribute an equal share of equity funding to the Newtek-TSO JV and each will have equal voting rights on all material matters. The Newtek-TSO JV intends to deploy capital over the course of time with additional leverage supported by a warehouse line of credit. The purpose of the Newtek-TSO JV is to invest in non-conforming conventional commercial and industrial term loans made to middle-market companies as well as small businesses. Newtek-TSO JV began making investments during the fourth quarter of 2022 and intends to continue this activity in 2023. 
 
 Unfunded Commitments 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 10.4 million of unfunded commitments in connection with its SBA 7(a) non-affiliate investments related to portions of loans originated which are partially funded. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company funded these commitments from the same sources it used to fund its other investment commitments. 

Loan Portfolio Asset Quality and Composition 
 The following tables set forth distributions of the cost basis of the Company s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, in thousands. The tables include loans in which NSBF owns 100 as a result of NSBF originating the loan and subsequently repurchasing the guaranteed portion from the SBA. The total of 100 NSBF-owned loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is 11.4 million and 18.5 million, respectively. 
 Distribution by Business Type 
 As of December 31, 2022 Business Type # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance Existing Business 2,820 430,021 152 80.7 Business Acquisition 397 72,821 207 13.7 Start-Up Business 321 29,952 96 5.6 Total 3,538 532,793 151 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2021 Business Type # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance Existing Business 2,162 349,999 162 81.1 Business Acquisition 333 59,794 207 13.8 Start-Up Business 266 22,176 96 5.1 Total 2,761 431,970 156 100.0 
 72 

Distribution by Borrower Credit Score 
 December 31, 2022 Credit Score # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance 500 to 550 11 3,057 278 0.6 551 to 600 54 12,917 239 2.4 601 to 650 287 57,010 199 10.7 651 to 700 902 142,546 158 26.8 701 to 750 1,282 184,252 144 34.6 751 to 800 879 120,560 137 22.6 801 to 850 121 12,409 103 2.3 Not available 2 43 21 0.0 Total 3,538 532,793 151 100.0 
 December 31, 2021 Credit Score # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance 500 to 550 15 3,562 237 0.8 551 to 600 59 15,322 260 3.6 601 to 650 299 59,139 198 13.7 651 to 700 754 118,150 157 27.4 701 to 750 914 140,720 154 32.6 751 to 800 632 85,479 135 19.8 801 to 850 86 9,548 111 2.2 Not available 2 49 25 0.0 Total 2,761 431,970 179 100.0 
 Distribution by Primary Collateral Type 
 December 31, 2022 Collateral Type # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance Commercial Real Estate 1,079 231,568 215 43.5 Residential Real Estate 1,036 96,922 94 18.2 Machinery and Equipment 494 85,434 173 16.0 Accts Receivable and Inventory 452 81,665 181 15.3 Other 102 27,647 271 5.2 Unsecured 326 6,772 21 1.3 Furniture and Fixtures 37 2,178 59 0.4 Liquid Assets 12 606 50 0.1 Total 3,538 532,793 151 100.0 
 73 

December 31, 2021 Collateral Type # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance Commercial Real Estate 1,016 228,381 225 53.0 Machinery and Equipment 430 73,433 171 17.0 Accounts Receivable and Inventory 312 50,692 162 11.7 Residential Real Estate 707 47,240 67 10.9 Other 93 26,509 285 6.1 Unsecured 161 2,984 19 0.7 Furniture and Fixtures 28 1,797 64 0.4 Liquid Assets 14 936 67 0.2 Total 2,761 431,970 156 100.0 
 Distribution by Days Delinquent 
 December 31, 2022 Delinquency Status # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance Accrual Current 3,257 450,549 138 84.5 31 to 60 days 44 12,578 2.4 61 to 90 days 91 days or greater Non-accrual 237 69,666 294 13.1 Total 3,538 532,793 151 100.0 
 December 31, 2021 Delinquency Status # of Loans Balance Average Balance of Balance Accrual Current 2,512 365,198 145 84.6 31 to 60 days 59 12,646 214 2.9 61 to 90 days 91 days or greater Non-accrual 190 54,126 285 12.5 Total 2,761 431,970 156 100.0 

During this wind-down of NSBF s operations, NSBF will be required to continue to own its SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval), sale or transfer. In addition, NSBF will be required to continue to service and liquidate its SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement with SBL. The Company will continue to fair value NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio until the portfolio is completely runoff. The Company will report both realized and unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value adjustments on the legacy NSBF SBA 7(a) portfolio. 
 
 Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Set forth below is a comparison of the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, during which years the Company operated as both a BDC and a RIC. For a comparison of the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 
 74 

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Investment Income 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Investment income: Interest income - PPP loans 49,989 (49,989) Interest income - SBA 7(a) loans 38,617 28,549 10,068 Interest income - non-control investments 428 (428) Dividend income 24,657 9,896 14,761 Servicing income 13,698 11,307 2,391 Other income 9,272 8,325 947 Total investment income 86,244 108,494 (22,250) 
 Interest Income 
 The Company began earning interest income from PPP loans in the second quarter of 2020 under the CARES Act. By July 2021, NSBF funded the balance of its PPP loans and therefore the Company did not earn any PPP interest income during 2022. NSBF redeployed the resources used to generate PPP loans to the origination of SBA 7(a) loans. 
 The increase in interest income from SBA 7(a) loans was attributable to the average outstanding accrual portfolio of SBA non-affiliate investments increasing to 482.6 million from 406.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the average outstanding accrual portfolio resulted from the origination of new SBA non-affiliate investments period over period. 
 In September 2020, the Company purchased one loan from NBL, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company and began earning interest income from non-control investments. In November 2021, the Company sold the loan to NCL and therefore the Company did not earn any interest income from non-control investments during 2022. 
 Dividend Income 
 
 Dividend income was earned from the following investments, which were held as portfolio companies, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC (NMS) 14,550 6,000 8,550 Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. 1,500 250 1,250 Mobil Money, LLC 400 400 Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC 2,379 51 2,328 Newtek Business Lending, LLC 5,025 3,500 1,525 Automated Merchant Services, LLC 720 720 EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC 83 95 (12) Total dividend income 24,657 9,896 14,761 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividend income was dependent on portfolio company earnings and portfolio company capital investment objectives and opportunities. On January 6, 2023, we completed the previously announced Acquisition of NBNYC and converted to a financial holding company. See Item 1. Business Our Business. With the exception of EMCAP, the above portfolio companies have become consolidating subsidiaries of NewtekOne, Inc. in 2023 and therefore, under the new organizational structure, their profits and losses will be consolidated within the statement of operations instead of in the form of dividend income going forward. 
 75 

NSBF Servicing Portfolio and Related Servicing Income 
 The following table represents the NSBF originated servicing portfolio and servicing income earned for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Total NSBF originated servicing portfolio 2,217,497 1,839,239 378,258 Total average NSBF originated portfolio earning servicing income 
 1,392,650 1,151,891 240,759 Total servicing income earned 13,698 11,307 2,391 
 The increase in servicing income related to an increase in the total portfolio investments for which we earn servicing income period over period, due to an increase in SBA 7(a) loan originations period over period. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, other income related primarily to legal, packaging, prepayment, and late fees earned from SBA 7(a) loans. The increase was related to an increase in legal, prepayment and packaging fees earned as a result of the higher volume of SBA 7(a) loans originated of 775.6 million compared to 560.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a result of the uncertain economic impact to U.S. small businesses at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company temporarily shifted the focus of NSBF from originating SBA 7(a) loans to originating PPP loans in March 2020. NSBF funded the balance of its PPP loans by July 2021 and redeployed the resources used to generate PPP loans to the origination of SBA 7(a) loans. 
 Expenses: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Salaries and benefits 20,186 17,866 2,320 Interest 26,325 20,515 5,810 Depreciation and amortization 239 304 (65) Professional fees 7,134 5,610 1,524 Origination and loan processing 11,606 10,234 1,372 Origination and loan processing - related party 19,140 19,272 (132) Loss on extinguishment of debt 417 1,552 (1,135) Other general and administrative costs 7,673 7,454 219 Total expenses 92,720 82,807 9,913 
 
 Salaries and Benefits 
 
 The increase in salaries and benefits was attributable to an increase in salaries and bonuses and related accruals period over period due to increased performance pay as well as a higher headcount period over period. 
 
 76 

Interest Expense 
 The following is a summary of interest expense by facility for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Notes payable - Securitization Trusts 10,641 5,520 5,121 Bank notes payable 3,998 1,536 2,462 2023 Notes 1 
 549 (549) 2024 Notes 2 
 2,424 4,714 (2,290) 2025 6.85 Notes 3 
 379 1,134 (755) 2025 5.00 Notes 1,294 1,294 2026 Notes 7,042 6,675 367 Notes payable - related parties 547 387 160 Total interest expense 26,325 20,515 5,810 
 (1) On February 22, 2021, the Company redeemed all 57.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes on the redemption date at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from December 31, 2020 through, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 (2) On December 29, 2021, the Company partially redeemed 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 78.25 million principal amount of 2024 Notes outstanding at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from November 1, 2021 through, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 (3) On May 2, 2022, the Company redeemed all 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 6.85 Notes at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from February 28, 2022 through, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 The increase in interest expense period over period is primarily from additional interest expense on the 2026 Notes of 0.4 million, 2025 5.00 Notes of 1.3 million, Notes payable - Securitization Trusts of 5.1 million, and Bank notes payable of 2.5 million related to an increase in the average outstanding balance and interest rates period over period. The increase was partially offset by the redemption of the 2023 Notes, 2025 6.85 Notes, and partial redemption of the 2024 Notes, which resulted in a reduction of 0.5 million, 0.8 million and 2.3 million of interest expense, respectively. 
 
 Professional Fees 
 
 The increase in professional fees period over period is attributable to fees related to the implementation of a new general ledger system as well as fees related to the Company's repositioning of itself as a financial holding company in January 2023. 
 
 Origination and Loan Processing 
 
 The change in origination and loan processing expenses was due to an increase in SBA 7(a) loan fundings period over period. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 On February 22, 2021, the Company redeemed all 57.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes. As a result of the redemption of the 2023 Notes, the Company recorded a 1.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021, equivalent to the balance of unamortized deferred financing costs as of the redemption date. 
 
 On May 2022, the Company redeemed the remaining 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 6.85 Notes and as a result, the Company recorded a 0.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022, equivalent to the balance of unamortized deferred financing costs as of the redemption date. 
 Net Realized Gains and Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 Net realized gains from SBA non-affiliate investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 56.9 million and 53.1 million, respectively, which included realized losses of 16.6 million and 10.4 million, respectively. 
 
 77 

Net Realized Gains on SBA Non-Affiliate Investments 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 # of Debt Investments Amount (in thousands) # of Debt Investments Amount (in thousands) SBA non-affiliate investments originated 931 775,573 781 560,571 SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments sold 880 630,028 678 419,735 Realized gains recognized on sale of SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments 73,530 63,484 Average sale price as a percent of principal balance 1 
 110.02 113.05 
 (1) Realized gains greater than 110.00 must be split 50/50 with the SBA in accordance with SBA regulations. The realized gains recognized above reflects amounts net of split with the SBA. 
 
 As a result of the uncertain economic impact to U.S. small businesses at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s Executive Committee and Lending Team temporarily shifted the focus of NSBF from originating SBA 7(a) loans to originating PPP loans in March 2020 through July 2021, resulting in a higher volume of SBA 7(a) loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. NSBF redeployed the resources used to generate PPP loans to the origination of SBA 7(a) loans in 2021. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average sale price as a percent of principal balance was 110.02 compared to 113.05 for the prior period. The decrease reflects the lagging prime rate adjustments and the quarterly reset of interest rates on our loan portfolio. 
 
 During this wind-down of NSBF s operations, NSBF will be required to continue to own its SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval), sale or transfer. In addition, NSBF will be required to continue to service and liquidate its SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement with SBL. The Company will continue to fair value NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio until the portfolio is completely runoff. The Company will report both realized and unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value adjustments on the legacy NSBF SBA 7(a) portfolio. 
 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments (6,532) 6,380 (12,912) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments (19,972) 5,097 (25,069) Net unrealized appreciation on controlled investments 24,321 2,829 21,492 Change in deferred taxes (6,464) (1,327) (5,137) Net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets (10,095) (6,778) (3,317) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on derivative transactions 183 (183) 366 Total net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation (18,559) 6,018 (24,577) 
 
 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments relates to guaranteed portions of SBA debt investments made which the Company sells into a secondary market. Unrealized appreciation of SBA guaranteed investments represents the fair value adjustment of guaranteed portions of loans which have not yet been sold. Unrealized depreciation represents the reversal of unrealized appreciation when the guaranteed portions of the SBA 7(a) loans are sold. The amount of the unrealized appreciation (depreciation) is determined by the quantity of guaranteed loans held for sale at quarter end as well as the change in secondary market pricing conditions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a reduction in the gain-on-sale pricing as compared to the prior period. 
 
 Unrealized depreciation on servicing assets relates to the amortization of the Company s servicing assets in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income. The increase in unrealized depreciation period over period is primarily due to the increase in the discount rate used to fair value the servicing asset. 
 In September 2020, the Company purchased one loan from NBL, a wholly-owned controlled portfolio company and began recording unrealized results on non-control/non-affiliate investments. In November 2021, the Company sold the loan to NCL 
 78 

and therefore the Company does not have any unrealized results from non-control/non-affiliate investments during 2022. 
 
 The net unrealized appreciation on derivative instruments is attributable to interest rate movement on interest rate futures contracts. 
 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Controlled Investments 
 
 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) was derived from the following portfolio companies for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC (NMS) (5,600) 3,000 (8,600) Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. (NTS) (8,900) 6,000 (14,900) CDS Business Services, Inc. (1,496) (9,040) 7,544 PMTWorks Payroll, LLC 1,010 (1,250) 2,260 banc-serv Partners, LLC (BSP) 885 (885) Small Business Lending, LLC 2,535 (5,650) 8,185 Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC 3,200 (1,750) 4,950 Newtek Business Lending, LLC 32,422 7,370 25,052 Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC (3,526) 1,535 (5,061) Newtek TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP 673 673 Titanium Asset Management LLC (329) (52) (277) Advanced Cyber Security Systems, LLC 381 (381) Mobil Money, LLC 4,350 1,400 2,950 Automated Merchant Services, Inc. 53 53 Excel WebSolutions, LLC (71) (71) Total net unrealized appreciation on controlled investments 24,321 2,829 21,492 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on controlled investments was driven by the valuation of the above portfolio companies. On January 6, 2023, we completed the previously announced Acquisition of NBNYC and converted to a financial holding company. See Item 1. Business - Our Business. The above portfolio companies have become consolidating subsidiaries of NewtekOne, Inc. in 2023 and therefore, under the new organizational structure, their profits and losses will be consolidated within the statement of operations and there will no longer be unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on these investments going forward. 
 
 Provision for Deferred Taxes on Unrealized Appreciation of Investments 
 
 Certain consolidated subsidiaries of ours were subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes during the taxable year ended December 31, 2022. These taxable subsidiaries were not consolidated with the Company for income tax purposes, but were consolidated for GAAP purposes, and may have generated income tax liabilities or assets from temporary differences in the recognition of items for financial reporting and income tax purposes at the subsidiaries. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a provision for deferred taxes of 6.5 million and 1.3 million related to the net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of controlled portfolio company investments, respectively. 
 
 79 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 
 Our liquidity and capital resources are derived from our Capital One Facility, Notes payable - related parties, 2024 Notes, 2025 5.00 Notes, 2025 8.125 Notes, 2026 Notes, securitization transactions and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, and income earned. In the year ended December 31, 2022, our primary use of funds from operations included investments in portfolio companies and payments of fees and other operating expenses we incurred. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we used our borrowings and the proceeds from the turnover of our portfolio and from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment objectives. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage was 169 based on 546.5 million of aggregate principal amount of senior securities outstanding. On July 26, 2018, our shareholders approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirement as set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, our minimum required asset coverage ratio decreased from 200 to 150 , effective July 27, 2018. Although we are no longer subject to regulation as a BDC under the 1940 Act, the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes require us to maintain a minimum of 150 asset coverage during the time that the 2024 and 2206 Notes are outstanding. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock We ar e subject to 150 asset coverage requirements due to covenants contained in the indentures under which the 2024 and 2026 Notes were issued. 
 
 Public Offerings 
 
 ATM Program 
 
 On July 10, 2019, the Company entered into the 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement, as amended on February 28, 2020. The Amended 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement provided that the Company may offer and sell up to 3,000,000 shares of common stock from time to time through the placement agents. From inception through June 24, 2020, we sold 1,716,517 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of 21.88 per share. Proceeds, net of offering costs and expenses were 37.6 million. On June 24, 2020, the Company terminated the Amended 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company paid the ATM placement agents 0.8 million in compensation. 
 
 We used the net proceeds for funding investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with our investment objective and strategies and for general corporate purposes including funding investments, repaying outstanding indebtedness and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 On June 25, 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. On July 20, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. The 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement, as amended, provides that the Company may offer and sell up to 6,400,000 shares of common stock from time to time through the placement agents. From inception through December 31, 2022, we sold 3,069,754 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of 23.02 per share. Proceeds, net of offering costs and expenses were 70.6 million. The Company paid the placement agents 1.4 million in compensation. As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,330,246 shares of common stock that remained unsold under the 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company does not currently have an effective shelf registration statement in place and therefore, the ATM program has been suspended as of January 6, 2023 however on January 27, 2023 the Company submitted a Form S-3 with the SEC in order to commence the process of re-establishing an effective shelf registration statement and intends to seek effectiveness of such registration statement upon completion of the SEC review process. 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 In January 2021, the Company and the Trustee entered into the Seventh Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the Company s issuance, offer and sale of 115.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50 2026 Notes, including 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount sold pursuant to a fully-exercised overallotment option. The sale of the 2026 Notes generated proceeds of approximately 111.3 million, net of underwriter's fees and expenses. The 2026 Notes are the Company s direct unsecured obligations and rank: (i) pari passu with the Company s other outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2026 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to all the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 The 2026 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at 
 80 

the Company s option on or after February 1, 2022, upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price equal to the following amounts, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date: (1) 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed plus (2) the sum of the present value of the scheduled payments of interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption) on the 2026 Notes to be redeemed from the redemption date until February 1, 2023, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using the applicable Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points; provided, however, that if the Company redeems any 2026 Notes on or after February 1, 2023 (the date falling three years prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes), the redemption price for the 2026 Notes will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.50 per year payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2021, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTZ. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2026 Notes. 
 
 2024 Notes 
 
 In July 2019, the Company and the Trustee entered into the Fourth Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the Company s issuance, offer and sale of 55.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 2024 Notes. The Company granted an overallotment option of up to 8.25 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes. The sale of the 2024 Notes generated proceeds of approximately 53.2 million, net of underwriter's fees and expenses. In July 2019 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase 8.25 million in aggregate principal amount of 2024 Notes for an additional 8.0 million in net proceeds. The 2024 Notes are the Company s direct unsecured obligations and rank: (i) pari passu with the Company s other outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2024 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to all the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 The 2024 Notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time on or after August 1, 2021, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to but not including the date fixed for redemption. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.75 per year payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1, and November 1 of each year, commencing on November 1, 2019, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTL. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2024 Notes. 
 
 On February 16, 2021 and May 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 5.0 million and 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes, respectively. The new 2024 Notes are treated as a single series with the prior 2024 Notes and have the same terms as the prior 2024 Notes. The existing 2024 Notes have the same CUSIP number and are fungible and rank equally with the prior 2024 Notes. 
 
 On December 29, 2021, the Company redeemed 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 78.25 million of principal amount of 2024 Notes outstanding at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from November 1, 2021 through, but excluding, the redemption date. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the 2024 Notes was 38.25 million. 
 
 2023 Notes 
 
 In February 2018, the Company and the Trustee entered into the Third Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the Company s issuance, offer and sale of 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 2023 Notes. The Company granted an overallotment option of up to 7.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes. The sale of the Notes generated proceeds of approximately 47.9 million, net of underwriter's fees and expenses. In February 2018, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase 7.5 million in aggregate principal amount of notes for an additional 7.3 million in net proceeds. The 2023 Notes were the Company s direct unsecured obligations and ranked: (i) pari passu with the Company s other outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2023 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to all the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 81 

The 2023 Notes were scheduled to mature on March 1, 2023 and could be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time on or after March 1, 2020, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to but not including the date fixed for redemption. The 2023 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.25 per year payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 of each year, commencing on June 1, 2018, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTI. On February 22, 2021, the Company used the proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes to redeem all 57.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from December 1, 2020, through, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 The Base Indenture, and each supplemental indenture thereto, contains certain covenants. The Base Indenture provides for customary events of default and further provides that the Trustee or the holders of 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare such Notes immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of any event of default after expiration of any applicable grace period. Each supplemental indenture (except for the Tenth Supplemental Indenture) includes covenants requiring the Company to comply with (regardless of whether it is subject to) the asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act (or any successor provisions), to comply with (regardless of whether it is subject to) the restrictions on dividends, distributions and purchase of capital stock set forth in Section 18(a)(1)(B) of the 1940 Act as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Base Indenture, as supplemented by each supplemental indenture thereto. These covenants currently apply to the 2024 and 2026 Notes. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Notes. 
 
 2025 Notes (Private Placement) 
 
 On November 27, 2020, the Company and Trustee entered into the Fifth Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the issuance, offer and sale of 5.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2025 6.85 Notes. The offering was consummated pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement among the Company and an accredited investor, which provided for the 2025 6.85 Notes to be issued to the purchaser in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately 4.8 million, after deducting structuring fees and estimated offering expenses, each payable by the Company. The Company exercised its option to issue up to 10.0 million of additional 2025 6.85 Notes to the purchaser, and issued 10.0 million in additional 2025 6.85 Notes to the purchaser in an exempt offering in January 2021. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company caused notices to be issued to the holder of its 2025 6.85 Notes regarding the Company s exercise of its option to redeem all 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes on May 2, 2022. The Notes were redeemed on May 2, 2022 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from February 28, 2022 through, but excluding, May 2, 2022. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company completed a private placement of 15.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.00 notes due 2025 (2025 5.00 Notes). The offering was consummated pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement dated March 31, 2022 among the Company and an accredited investor, which provided for the 2025 5.00 Notes to be issued to the purchaser in a transaction that relied on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately 14.5 million, after deducting structuring fees and estimated offering expenses, each payable by the Company. The 2025 5.00 Notes are the Company s direct unsecured obligations and rank: (i) pari passu with the Company s other outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2025 5.00 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to all the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. Under the purchase agreement, the Company also issued an additional 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 5.0 Notes to the purchaser on May 2, 2022. The 2025 5.00 Notes were issued under the Base Indenture and the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2022. The 2025 5.00 Notes will mature on March 31, 2025, and under the terms of the Indenture, the Notes are redeemable at any time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof. The Tenth Supplemental Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to (i) comply with the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act as long as the Company remains subject to the provisions. 

82 

Capital One Facilities 
 In May 2017, NSBF amended its Capital One facility to increase the facility from 50.0 million to 100.0 million and reduce the interest rate. The facility was amended again in June 2018 and the portion of the facility collateralized by the government guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans, was reduced to Prime minus 0.75 (previously Prime minus 0.25 ). The interest rate on the portion of the facility, collateralized by the non-guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans, was reduced to Prime plus 0.25 (previously Prime plus 0.75 ). The facility provides for a 55 advance rate on the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originates, and a 90 advance rate on the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originates. In addition, the amendment extended the date on which the facility will convert to a term loan from May 16, 2017 to May 11, 2020 and extended the maturity date of the facility to May 11, 2022. In June 2019, the facility was increased from 100.0 million to 150.0 million. On May 7, 2020, NSBF amended its existing line of credit with Capital One to, among other things, extend the maturity date on which the credit facility will convert into a term loan for a period of three years to May 7, 2023, with the term loan maturing on May 7, 2025. On February 28, 2023, NSBF entered into a Limited Waiver Agreement with the lenders under the Capital One facility pursuant to which the lenders waived the event of default under the facility relating to NSBF s net income for the quarter ended on December 31, 2022. See Recent Developments Capital One Facility Waiver. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was 10.5 million and 45.4 million outstanding under the guaranteed and unguaranteed lines of credit, respectively. At December 31, 2022, we were in full compliance with all applicable loan covenants. 
 Notes Payable - Related Parties 
 
 In June 2015 the Company entered into the Related Party RLOC with certain controlled portfolio companies. Maximum borrowings under the Related Party RLOC are 50.0 million at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 1 month LIBOR plus 2.5 or the Prime Rate plus 1.5 . At December 31, 2022, the Related Party RLOC interest rate was 6.72 . The Related Party RLOC has a maturity date of November 8, 2023. At December 31, 2022, there was 24.3 million of outstanding borrowings due to NMS under the Related Party RLOC. 
 
 Securitization Transactions 
 Since 2010, NSBF has engaged in securitizations of the unguaranteed portions of its SBA 7(a) loans. In the securitization, it uses a special purpose entity (the Trust which is considered a variable interest entity. Applying the consolidation requirements for VIEs under the accounting rules in ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing, and ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, which became effective January 1, 2010, the Company determined that as the primary beneficiary of the securitization vehicle, based on its power to direct activities through its role as servicer for the Trust and its obligation to absorb losses and right to receive benefits, it needed to consolidate the Trusts. NSBF therefore consolidated the entity using the carrying amounts of the Trust s assets and liabilities. NSBF reflects the assets in SBA Unguaranteed Non-Affiliate Investments and reflects the associated financing in Notes Payable - Securitization trusts on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 In September 2022, NSBF completed its twelfth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 116.2 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2022-1 Trust. The 2022-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 103.4 million, consisting of 95.4 million of Class A notes and 20.8 million Class B notes, against the 2022-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A- and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is October 2049. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of 30-day average compounded SOFR plus 2.97 across both classes. 
 
 In December 2021, NSBF completed its eleventh securitization which resulted in the transfer of 103.4 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2021-1 Trust. The 2021-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 103.4 million, consisting of 79.7 million of Class A notes and 23.8 million Class B notes, against the 2021-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is December 2048. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of LIBOR plus 1.92 across both classes. Generally, in the event that the one-month LIBOR or Prime Rate becomes unavailable or otherwise unpublished, NSBF will select as a replacement a comparable alternative in accordance with the terms of the 2021-1 securitization transaction documents. 
 
 83 

In October 2019, NSBF completed its tenth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 118.9 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2019-1 Trust. The 2019-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 118.9 million, consisting of 93.5 million of Class A notes and 25.4 million Class B notes, against the 2019-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is December 2044. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of LIBOR plus 1.83 across both classes. Generally, in the event that the one-month LIBOR or Prime Rate becomes unavailable or otherwise unpublished, NSBF will select as a replacement a comparable alternative in accordance with the terms of the 2019-1 securitization transaction documents. 
 
 In November 2018, NSBF completed its ninth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 108.6 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2018-1 Trust. The 2018-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 108.6 million, consisting of 82.9 million Class A notes and 25.7 million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2044. Generally, in the event that the one-month LIBOR or Prime Rate becomes unavailable or otherwise unpublished, NSBF will select as a replacement a comparable alternative index over which it has no direct control and which is readily verifiable, in accordance with the terms of the 2018-1 securitization transaction documents. 
 
 In December 2017, NSBF completed its eighth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 76.2 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2017-1 Trust. The 2017-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 75.4 million, consisting of 58.1 million Class A notes and 17.3 million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2043. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at a rate of 1 month LIBOR plus 2.0 and 3.0 , respectively. Generally, in the event that the one-month LIBOR or Prime Rate becomes unavailable or otherwise unpublished, NSBF will select as a replacement a comparable alternative index over which it has no direct control and which is readily verifiable, in accordance with the terms of the 2017-1 securitization transaction documents. On February 27, 2023, the 2017-1 Trust was terminated as a result of NSBF purchasing the 2017-1 Trust assets, with the 2017-1 Trust s noteholders receiving the redemption price. 
 
 In November 2016, NSBF completed its seventh securitization which resulted in the transfer of 56.1 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2016-1 Trust. The 2016-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 53.4 million, consisting of 43.6 million Class A notes and 9.8 million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB+ rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2042. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of 1 month LIBOR plus 3.0 and 4.25 , respectively. In December 2021, the 2016-1 Trust was terminated as a result of NSBF purchasing the 2016-1 Trust assets, with the 2016-1 Trust s noteholders receiving the redemption price. 
 
 PPP Loan Participations 
 
 To facilitate NSBF s involvement as a lender in the PPP, during the second quarter of 2020, NSBF entered into PPP loan participation agreements where NSBF originated PPP loans and sold participating interests to several participants. The participations were sold at par due to the short term maturity of the loans. One participant continues to hold a 90 participation interest in 1 of the 2 PPP loans that remain as of December 31, 2022. NSBF and the participant share proportionally in all interest and principal payments made on the loan. NSBF continues to hold the PPP loan notes and the PPP loan documents in order to service the loans and facilitate the PPP loan forgiveness process. The servicing liability in connection with the PPP loans was deemed immaterial. PPP loan origination fees are recognized as interest income on sale of PPP loan participations. 
 
 A transfer of financial assets must meet the sale criteria under the accounting rules in ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing, in order to be considered a sale instead of a secured borrowing. The Company determined that the sale criteria are met and the Participants interests in the PPP loans are not held on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s unused sources of liquidity consisted of 0.9 million available through the Capital One facility; 8.5 million available through notes payable with related parties; and 53.7 million in unrestricted cash. 
 
 Restricted cash of 71.9 million as of December 31, 2022 is primarily held by NSBF. The majority, or 71.2 million of restricted cash includes reserves in the event payments are insufficient to cover interest and/or principal with respect to securitizations and loan principal and interest collected which are due to loan participants. 
 
 84 

The Company generated and used cash as follows: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (62,418) 140,923 Net cash used in investing activities (11) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,175 (5,488) Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash (61,254) 135,435 Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period 186,860 51,425 Cash and restricted cash, end of period 125,606 186,860 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities used cash of 62.4 million, consisting primarily of (i) 775.6 million of SBA 7(a) loan investments funded; (ii) 53.2 million of investments in controlled portfolio companies; (iii) a 110.6 million decrease in due to participants which arises when loan payments are received in the current period but not processed in time to have funds remitted to the participant during the current period; the amount varies depending on payment volume and timing at quarter end; and (iv) a 44.5 million increase in broker receivables which arise from the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans that were traded in the period but did not settle during the current period end and the cash was not received from the purchasing broker during the current period; the amount varies depending on loan origination volume and timing of sales at quarter end. These uses of cash were offset by (i) 691.2 million of proceeds from the sale of SBA 7(a) guaranteed loan investments and (ii) 74.3 million of principal payments received from SBA non-affiliate investments. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 1.2 million consisting primarily of a (i) 116.2 million issuance of notes payable from the 2022-1 securitization, (ii) 5.9 million of net borrowings under our bank notes payable and (iii) 30.0 million of issuances of the 2025 5.0 Notes. These sources of cash were offset by (i) 82.8 million of principal payments related to securitization notes payable, (ii) a redemption of 15.0 million of the 2025 6.85 Notes, (iii) net repayments under the Related Party RLOC of 12.8 million and (iv) 64.5 million of dividend payments. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table represents the Company s obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022: 
 (in thousands) Payments due by period Contractual Obligations Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Bank notes payable 55,885 55,885 Securitization notes payable 1 
 283,143 283,143 2024 Notes 1 
 38,250 38,250 2025 Notes 1 
 30,000 30,000 2026 Notes 1 
 115,000 115,000 Stock Purchase Agreement 20,000 20,000 Employment agreements 417 417 Operating leases 8,813 2,045 2,099 2,155 2,035 479 Totals 575,758 102,597 40,349 32,155 117,035 479 283,143 
 (1) Amounts represent principal only and are not shown net of unamortized debt issuance costs. See NOTE 8 BORROWINGS. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting policies for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 85 

Fair Value Measurements 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we valued investments for which market quotations are readily available at their market quotations. However, a readily available market value did not exist for many of the investments in our portfolio, and we valued these portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board under our valuation policy and process. We may have sought pricing information with respect to certain of our investments from pricing services or brokers or dealers in order to value such investments. We also employed independent third party valuation firms for certain of our investments for which there is not a readily available market value. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the application of our valuation methods may have included comparisons of the portfolio companies to peer companies that are public, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings, discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. In the case of the occurrence of an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale, we considered the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the private equity valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments and may differ materially from values that may ultimately be received or settled. 
 
 Our Board was ultimately and solely responsible for determining, in good faith, the fair value of investments that are not publicly traded, whose market prices are not readily available on a quarterly basis or any other situation where portfolio investments require a fair value determination. 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels for disclosure purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company carried all investments at fair value. Additionally, the Company carried its servicing assets at fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority (Level 1) to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and gives the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). An asset or liability s classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of the significant input to its valuation. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as certain U.S. Treasury, other U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed debt securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded in over-the-counter markets. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category generally includes certain U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed debt securities, corporate debt securities, derivative contracts and residential mortgage loans held-for-sale. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. This category generally includes certain private equity investments, retained residual interests in securitizations, residential mortgage servicing rights, and highly structured or long-term derivative contracts. 
 
 In December 2020, Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. The Company complied with all applicable components of Rule 2a-5 by the compliance date in September 2022 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 86 

Valuation of Investments 
 
 Level 1 investments were valued using quoted market prices. Level 2 investments were valued using market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. Level 3 investments were valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, based on input of management, the audit committee and independent valuation firms that were engaged at the direction of the Board to assist in the valuation of certain portfolio investments without a readily available market quotation at least once during a trailing twelve-month period under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. 
 When determining fair value of Level 3 debt and equity investments, the Company may have taken into account the following factors, where relevant: the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons to publicly traded securities, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made and other relevant factors. The primary methods for determining enterprise value include a discounted cash flow analysis and a multiple analysis whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s EBITDA or revenue. The enterprise value analysis was performed to determine the value of equity investments and to determine if debt investments were credit impaired. If debt investments were credit impaired, the Company used the enterprise value analysis or a liquidation basis analysis to determine fair value. For debt investments that were not determined to be credit impaired, the Company used a market interest rate yield analysis to determine fair value. 
 In addition, for certain debt investments, the Company may have based its valuation on quotes provided by an independent third party broker. 
 
 For certain investments, the Company generally calculated the fair value of the investment primarily based on the NAV of the entity and adjusted the fair value for other factors that would affect the fair value of the investment. The Company used this valuation approach for its investment in NCL. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be received or settled. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, the Company may realize significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded. 
 
 The Company s investments are subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments are traded. 
 
 Changes in the market environment, portfolio company performance and other events that may occur over the lives of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be materially different than the valuations currently assigned. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined the fair value of each individual investment and recorded changes in fair value as unrealized appreciation or depreciation.For the year ended December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio is carried on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities at fair value with any adjustments to fair value recognized as "Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)" on the consolidated statements of operations until the investment is realized, usually upon exit, resulting in any gain or loss being recognized as a "Net realized gains (losses)." 
 
 We believe our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 approximates fair value as of those dates based on the markets in which we operate and other conditions in existence on those reporting dates. 
 
 As of January 6, 2023, the Company no longer qualifies as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualifies for accounting treatment as an investment company and therefore, will no longer fair value the investments in its portfolio companies. During this wind-down of NSBF s operations, NSBF will be required to continue to own its SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval), sale or transfer. In addition, NSBF will be required to continue to service and liquidate its SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement with SBL. The Company will continue to fair value NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio until the portfolio is completely runoff. The Company will report both realized and unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value adjustments on the legacy NSBF SBA 7(a) portfolio. 
 
 87 

Valuation of Servicing Assets 
 
 The Company accounted for servicing assets in accordance with ASC 860-50 - Transfers and Servicing - Servicing Assets and Liabilities. Servicing assets were measured at fair value at each reporting date and the Company reported changes in the fair value of servicing assets in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. The valuation model for servicing assets incorporates assumptions including, but not limited to, servicing costs, discount rate, prepayment rate, and default rate. Considerable judgement is required to estimate the fair value of servicing assets and as such these assets are classified as Level 3 in our fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Income Recognition 
 Management reviewed all loans that became 90 days or more past due on principal or interest or when there was reasonable doubt that principal or interest would be collected for possible placement on management s designation of non-accrual status. Interest receivable was analyzed regularly and reserved against when deemed uncollectible. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans were recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans were restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest was paid and, in management s judgment, were likely to remain current, although there may have been exceptions to this general rule if the loan had sufficient collateral value and was in the process of collection. 
 In addition, under the PPP that began in the second quarter of 2020, the SBA reimbursed the Company for originating loans. Such SBA reimbursements are included as interest income on PPP loans. Such fees are accounted for under ASC-310 Receivables and deferred until the loan was sold to one of our Participants. Income earned in connection with the PPP should not be viewed as recurring. NSBF funded the balance of its PPP loans by the end of July 2021. NSBF has redeployed the resources used to generate PPP loans to the origination of SBA 7(a) loans. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we received servicing income related to the guaranteed portions of SBA loan investments which we sell into the secondary market. These recurring fees were earned and recorded daily. Servicing income was earned for the full term of the loan or until the loan is repaid. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we received a variety of fees from borrowers in the ordinary course of conducting our business, including packaging fees, legal fees, late fees and prepayment fees. All other income was recorded when earned. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, dividends were recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts were payable by the portfolio company and expected to be collected. Dividend income was recorded at the time dividends were declared. Distributions of earnings from a portfolio companies were evaluated to determine if the distribution is income, return of capital or realized gain. 
 
 Following our conversion to a financial holding company, we intend to generate income in the form of interest, servicing and other fee income on the loans we and Newtek Bank originate. In addition, our portfolio companies have become consolidating subsidiaries of NewtekOne in 2023 and therefore, under the new organizational structure, their income will be consolidated within the statement of operations going forward along with our joint ventures. With the inclusion of NMS, NIA, PMT, and NTS, we anticipate reporting Web Hosting and IT Support Revenue, Electronic Payment Processing Revenue, Insurance Commissions Revenue, and Payroll Processing Revenue going forward. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the differences between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be realized or settled. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 
 The Company s U.S. federal and state income tax returns prior to fiscal year 2019 are generally closed, and management continually evaluates expiring statutes of limitations, audits, proposed settlements, changes in tax law and new authoritative rulings. 
 
 88 

The Company elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code beginning with the 2015 tax year and, through the year ended December 31, 2022, operated in a manner so as to continue to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. The RIC tax return includes NewtekOne, Inc. and NSBF, a single member LLC disregarded for tax purposes. None of the Company s other subsidiaries were included in the RIC tax return for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022. The Company evaluated and recorded any deferred tax assets and liabilities of the subsidiaries that are not included in the RIC tax return. 
 
 As a RIC, the Company was required to pay a 4 excise tax if it did not distribute in each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: 
 
 98 of our net ordinary income, excluding certain ordinary gains and losses, recognized during a calendar year; 
 98.2 of our capital gain net income, adjusted for certain ordinary gains and losses, recognized for the twelve-month period ending on October 31 of such calendar year; and 
 100 of any income or gains recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no U.S. federal excise taxes were due. 
 
 The Company s Taxable Subsidiaries accrue income taxes payable based on the applicable corporate rates on the net unrealized appreciation generated by the controlled investments held by the Taxable Subsidiaries. Such deferred tax liabilities amounted to 19.2 million and 12.7 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are recorded as deferred tax liabilities on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. The change in deferred tax liabilities is included as a component of net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Following our conversion to a financial holding company, for 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries will no longer qualify as a RIC and will file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Financial holding companies are subject to federal and state income taxes in essentially the same manner as other corporations. Taxable income is generally calculated under applicable sections of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), including Sections 581 through 597 that apply specifically to financial institutions. Some modifications are required by state law and the 2017 tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"). Among other things, the Tax Act (i) established a new, flat corporate federal statutory income tax rate of 21 , (ii) eliminates the corporate alternative minimum tax and allowed the use of any such carryforwards to offset regular tax liability for any taxable year, (iii) limited the deduction for net interest expense incurred by U.S. corporations, (iv) allowed businesses to immediately expense, for tax purposes, the cost of new investments in certain qualified depreciable assets, (v) eliminated or reduced certain deductions related to meals and entertainment expenses, (vi) modified the limitation on excessive employee remuneration to eliminate the exception for performance-based compensation and clarified the definition of a covered employee and (vii) limited the deductibility of deposit insurance premiums. There can be no assurance as to the actual effective rate because it will be dependent upon the nature and amount of future income and expenses as well as actual investments generating investment tax credits and transactions with discrete tax effects. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts and transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which expanded the scope of Topic 848 to include derivative instruments impacted by discounting transition. ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 are effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. ASU No. 2021-01 provides increased clarity as the Company continues to evaluate the transition of reference rates, however, the impact of the adoption is not expected to be material. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In November 2020, the SEC published Release No. IC-34084, Use of Derivatives by Registered Investment Companies and Business Development Companies, and adopted rules amending Rule 18f-4 and Rule 6c-11. Under the newly adopted rules, BDCs that use derivatives will be subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program and certain testing and board reporting requirements. These new requirements will apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under the adopted rules, provided that the BDC adopts written policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to manage the BDC's derivatives risks and comply with certain recordkeeping requirements. Under the new rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. The Company currently qualifies as a "limited derivatives user" and expects to continue to do so, therefore, the adoption of the rules did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated 
 89 

financial statements. Effective January 6, 2023, the Company is no longer regulated as a BDC. As a result, and as of that date, Rule 18f-4 is no longer applicable to the Company. 
 
 In December 2020, Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. The adoption of Rule 2a-5 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Effective January 6, 2023, the Company is no longer regulated as a BDC. As a result and as of that date, Rule 2a-5 is no longer applicable to the Company. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), which clarifies the guidance in Topic 820 when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit 
 the sale of an equity security and introduces new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The amendments affect all entities that have investments in equity securities measured at fair value that are subject to a contractual sale restriction. ASU 2022-03 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. An entity that qualifies as an investment company under Topic 946 should apply the amendments in ASU No. 2022-03 to an investment in an equity security subject to a contractual sale restriction that is executed or modified on or after the date of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU No. 2022-03 on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In June 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326) and in April 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-04 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments (collectively, CECL ). CECL changed how entities measure potential credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value. CECL replaced the incurred loss approach under existing guidance with an expected loss model for instruments measured at amortized cost. While ASU 2016-13 does not require any particular method for determining the CECL allowance, it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current portfolio and market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the duration of each respective loan. CECL is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2023; however, the Company intends to continue to fair value NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio until the portfolio is completely runoff. After the Acquisition on January 6, 2023, the Company owns and will consolidate Newtek Bank, which will apply CECL. The Company is currently re-evaluating the impact of adopting CECL accounting including for Newtek Bank. The Company will have the CECL analysis completed to report in our upcoming 10-Q filing for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 There were no off balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Acquisition of NBNYC 
 
 On January 6, 2023, we completed the Acquisition of NBNYC, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, pursuant to which the Company acquired from the NBNYC shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC for 20 million. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association and has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, the Company contributed to Newtek Bank 31 million of cash and two of the Company s subsidiaries, NBL and SBL. Upon the consummation of the Acquisition, Newtek Bank entered into an operating agreement with the OCC concerning certain matters including capital, liquidity and concentration limits, and memorializing the business plan submitted to the OCC. 
 
 Conversion to a Financial Holding Company 
 
 The Company has also filed with the SEC a Form N-54C, Notification of Withdrawal of Election to be Subject to the 1940 Act, and has ceased to be a BDC as of January 6, 2023. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company is now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. The Company no longer qualifies as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualifies for 
 90 

accounting treatment as an investment company. As a result, in addition to Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, NBL and SBL, the following NewtekOne portfolio companies and subsidiaries are now consolidated non-bank subsidiaries in the Company s financial statements: NSBF; NMS; Mobil Money, LLC; NBC; PMT; NIA TAM; Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc; NCL; EWS; NTS and POS. In addition, as a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by EWS and NTS, including its subsidiary SIDCO, within two years of becoming a financial holding company, subject to any extension of the two-year period. 
 
 Employment Agreements with our Named Executive Officers 
 
 On January 13, 2023, Newtek Bank, our consolidated subsidiary, entered into an employment agreement, effective as of January 6, 2023, with Mr. Nicolas Young. Generally, under the employment agreement, Mr. Young will serve as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Newtek Bank and is entitled to a set annual base compensation in the amount of 500,000, which amount will increase to 650,000 on March 1, 2023, and cash bonuses pursuant to an annual cash bonus plan. In addition, Mr. Young is entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and paid time off and sick leave. The employment agreement also provides for a severance payment in the case of Mr. Young being terminated without just cause, as defined therein, Mr. Young resigning with good reason, as defined therein, a change of control, as defined therein, or a non-renewal of Mr. Young s employment agreement. Under the employment agreement, during the term of his employment, Mr. Young agrees to devote substantially all of his business time to Newtek Bank and to not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business or affairs of Newtek Bank. Newtek Bank agrees to indemnify Mr. Young for any and loss, expenses, or liability that he may incur as a result of his services for Newtek Bank. Cash bonuses will be based on performance and will be determined during the term of the employment agreement and therefore cannot be disclosed as this time. 
 
 Effective as of March 1, 2023, the Company entered into one year employment agreements with Barry Sloane, Chief Executive Officer and President, Michael A. Schwartz, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, and Nicolas Leger, Chief Accounting Officer (the Employment Agreements ). Generally, under the Employment Agreements, Mr. Sloane, is entitled to a set annual base compensation of 700,000, Mr. Schwartz is entitled to a set annual base compensation of 450,000 and Mr. Leger is entitled to a set annual base compensation of 400,000. Each of Messrs, Sloane, Schwartz and Leger are entitled to a cash bonus pursuant to the Company s Annual Cash Bonus Plan. In addition, Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz and Leger are entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and paid time off. The Employment Agreements also provide for severance payments if Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz or Leger were to be terminated without just cause, as defined therein, or were to resign with good reason, as defined therein, or in the case of a change of control, as defined therein, or a non-renewal of their respective Employment Agreements. Under the Employment Agreements, during the terms of their employment, Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz and Leger agree to devote substantially all of their business time to the Company and to not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business or affairs of the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz and Leger for any and all loss, expenses, or liability that they may incur as a result of their services for the Company. Cash bonuses will be based on performance and will be determined during the term of the Employment Agreements and therefore cannot be disclosed as this time. 
 
 Effective as of March 1, 2023, NSBF, the Company s consolidated subsidiary, has entered into a one year employment agreement with Peter Downs, President of NSBF (the Employment Agreement ). In addition, Mr. Downs serves as the Chief Lending Officer of the Company. Generally, under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Downs is entitled to a set annual base compensation of 625,000, and a cash bonus pursuant to the Company s Annual Cash Bonus Plan. In addition, Mr. Downs is entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and vacation and sick leave. The Employment Agreement also provides for a severance payment in the case where Mr. Downs were to be terminated without just cause, as defined therein, Mr. Downs were to resign with good reason, as defined therein, or in the case of a change of control, as defined therein, or a non-renewal of Mr. Down s Employment Agreement. Under the Employment Agreement, during the term of his employment, Mr. Downs agrees to devote substantially all of his business time to the Company and to not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business or affairs of the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify Mr. Downs for any and all loss, expenses, or liability that he may incur as a result of his services for the Company. Cash bonuses will be based on performance and will be determined during the term of the employment agreement and therefore cannot be disclosed as this time. 
 
 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Effective January 13, 2023, we filed Articles of Amendment amending our Charter to change the name of the Company to NewtekOne, Inc. 
 
 91 

2025 8.125 Notes 
 
 On January 23, 2023 we completed an exempt offering of 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.125 notes due 2025. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately 48.94 million, after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for general corporate purposes, including payment of expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the notes and other working capital purposes. The Notes will mature on February 1, 2025. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.125 per year payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 each year, commencing on August 1, 2023. 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 On February 3, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Patriot Financial Partners IV, L.P., and Patriot Financial Partners Parallel IV, L.P. in respect of 20,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.02 per share, in a private placement transaction. The aggregate purchase price was 20.0 million. 
 
 Capital One Facility Waiver 
 
 On February 28, 2023, NSBF entered into a Limited Waiver Agreement with the lenders under the Capital One facility pursuant to which the lenders waived the event of default under the facility relating to NSBF s net income for the quarter ended on December 31, 2022. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share, which is payable on April 14, 2023 to shareholders of record as of April 4, 2023. 

92 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, rising inflation, increasing interest rates and the risk of recession has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effect of the volatility could materially impact our market risks, including those listed below. 
 We consider the principal types of risk in our investing activities to be fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of the secondary market for our SBA loans. Risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risks, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks and limits by means of reliable administrative and information systems and other policies and programs. 
 NSBF primarily lends, and Newtek Bank will primarily originate SBA 7(a) loans, at an interest rate of prime, which resets on a calendar quarterly basis, plus a fixed margin. The Capital One revolver lines are on a prime plus or minus a fixed factor basis and the securitization notes are at prime or 1 month LIBOR, plus a fixed margin, whichever is less. As a result, the Company believes it has historically matched its cost of funds to its interest income in its financing activities. However, because of the differential between the amount lent and the smaller amount financed a significant change in market interest rates will have a material effect on our income. In periods of sharply rising interest rates, our cost of funds will increase at a slower rate than the interest income earned on the loans we have originated; this should improve our net investment income, holding all other factors constant. However, a reduction in interest rates will result in the Company experiencing a reduction in investment income; that is, its interest income will decline more quickly than interest expense resulting in a net reduction of benefit to investment income. On June 30, 2022, SBA published final rules, effective August 1, 2022, revising various regulations governing the SBA s business loan programs. As part of these rule changes, the SBA amended 13 CFR 1201.214(d), to require the use of loan amounts as the basis upon which the variable interest rate is set on SBA 7(a) loans, instead of loan maturities. To implement this change, SBA revised 13 CFR 1201.214(d) to reflect the maximum variable interest rates for all SBA 7(a) loans, as follows: (1) For all 7(a) loans of 50,000 and less, the interest rate shall not exceed six and a half (6.5) percentage points over the base rate; (2) For all 7(a) loans of more than 50,000 and up to and including 250,000, the maximum interest rate shall not exceed six (6.0) percentage points over the base rate; (3) For all 7(a) loans of more than 250,000 and up to and including 350,000, the maximum interest rate shall not exceed four and a half (4.5) percentage points over the base rate; and (4) For all 7(a) loans of more than 350,000, the maximum interest rate shall not exceed three (3.0) percentage points over the base rate. The Company is evaluating these rule changes and the potential impacts. 
 
 NSBF depends on the availability of secondary market purchasers for the guaranteed portions of SBA loans and the premium received on such sales to support its lending operations. Sale prices for guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans could be negatively impacted by market conditions, in particular a higher interest rate environment, which typically lead to higher prepayments during the period, resulting in lower sale prices in the secondary market. A reduction in the price of guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans could negatively impact our business. During the second quarter of 2022, the weighted average net gain-on-sale price for the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans sold decreased over the first quarter of 2022, which we believe reflects the rising interest rate environment, other capital market pressures and the fact that increases in prime rate, which is base rate for our SBA 7(a) loans, have lagged other base rate interest rate increases and further, that the interest rates on our SBA 7(a) loans reset on a calendar quarterly basis. 
 We do not have significant exposure to changing interest rates on invested cash (includes cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) which was approximately 125.6 million at December 31, 2022. We do not purchase or hold derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. All of our transactions are conducted in U.S. dollars and we do not have any foreign currency or foreign exchange risk. We do not trade commodities or have any commodity price risk. 
 
 We believe that we have placed our demand deposits, cash investments and their equivalents with high credit-quality financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022, cash deposits in excess of insured amounts totaled approximately 90.6 million. 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related notes begin on Page F-1, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 93 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. . 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 RSM US LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in its report, which is included under Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not Applicable. 

94 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Information about the Directors and Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is information, as of March 14, 2023, regarding the Company s directors. Included below is specific information about each director s experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Board of Directors to the conclusion that the individual is qualified to serve on our Board, in light of our business and structure. 
 (1) The business addresses of the director nominees and the other directors are c/o NewtekOne, Inc., 4800 T-Rex Avenue, Suite 120, Boca Raton, FL 33431. 

Class II Directors Terms Expiring 2025 
 Name, Address, and Age (1) 
 Position(s) Held with the Company Term of Office and Length of Time Served Principal Occupation(s) During Past 5 Years Other Directorships Held by Director or Nominee for Director During Past 5 Years Messrs. Zink and Perez-Hickman are indepdendent Directors as defined by Nasdaq listing rules. Gregory Zink, 66 Director Class II Director since 2017; term expires in 2025 Partner at Newport LLC 2021-current; Managing partner of the Lowell Group, LLC; 1988-2021; Managing Director ExigoAsiaPacific, LLC 2018-2022; Fernando Perez-Hickman, 55 Director Class II Director since 2021; term expires in 2025 Managing Partner, Azora Exan; Vice Chairman, Director of Corporate Strategy and member of IBERIABANK s 
 Planning Group Committee from 2017-2020; Executive Chairman of the Board of 
 Directors of Sabadell United Bank, 2007-2017 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sabadell United Bank, June 2007 to August 2017 Mrs. Razon-Feingold is not an independent Director as defined by Nasdaq listing rules. Halli Razon-Feingold, 34 Director; Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Vice President, Human Resources Class II Director since 2021; term expires in 2025 Chief Administrative Officer of the Company since July 2016, and Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the Company since July 2019 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Zink has served as an independent director of the Company since 2017. Mr. Zink is a Partner at Newport LLC, a national strategic advisory firm that specializes in helping owners and CEOs of privately held, growth stage companies accelerate growth and significantly improve the value of their businesses. From 1998 to 2021, Mr. Zink was the principal of the Lowell Group, LLC, a management consulting firm which provided strategic, operational, marketing and financial consulting assistance to start-up, small and medium size businesses. From 2018 to 2022, Mr. Zink was a managing director of ExigoAsia Pacific, LLC. a manufacturer of commercial fitness equipment. From 1988 through 2019, Mr. Zink served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of NGJ Brand Solutions, a distributor of commercial fitness equipment and health and wellness solutions provider in Japan. Mr. Zink was also previously employed by Newtek as an Executive Vice President from 2000-2005, Touche Ross/Deloitte Consulting, AT T, and is a graduate of the General Electric Financial Management Program. Mr. Zink has an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Zink s professional experience provides a significant addition to the Board of Directors. Mr. Zink s many years of experience providing consulting and financial advice to small and medium sized businesses, provides a significant addition to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Mr. Perez-Hickman is a Managing Partner at Azora Capital, a Madrid-based European based private equity firm, and its U.S. affiliate Azora Exan, based in Miami, Florida. Mr. Perez-Hickman served as Vice Chairman, Director of Corporate Strategy and member of IBERIABANK s Planning Group Committee from 2007 until its merger with First Horizon Bank in July 2020. At IBERIABANK, he was responsible for corporate strategy and mergers and acquisitions, supervising the Consumer and Retail Banking Division, reporting to the CEO. From 2007 to 2017, Mr. Perez-Hickman served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Sabadell United Bank and Managing Director of Santander Private Banking International. Mr. Perez-Hickman s broad experience as a highly successful and experienced executive with a proven track record in management, mergers and acquisitions and value creation at financial services businesses in the United States, Spain and international markets, provides a significant addition to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Mrs. Razon-Feingold has served as the Company s Chief Administrative Officer since July 2016 and as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for the Company since July 2019. Mrs. Razon-Feingold s tenure at Newtek spans over ten years, with her current principal responsibilities centered on managing the executive department and all areas of human resources for the Company and all of its subsidiaries. Mrs. Razon-Feingold holds a master s degree in Industrial/Organizational Psychology from CUNY Baruch College and a bachelor s degree in Psychology from Hofstra University. Mrs. Razon-Feingold s long experience with the Company provides a significant addition to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Class III Directors Terms Expiring 2023 
 Name, Address, and Age (1) 
 Position(s) Held with the Company Term of Office and Length of Time Served Principal Occupation(s) During Past 5 Years Other Directorships Held by Director or Nominee for Director During Past 5 Years Messrs. Salute and Mulia are independent Directors as defined by Nasdaq listing rules. Richard Salute, 77 Director Class III Director since 2015; Term expires 2023 Capital Markets and SEC Practice Director at J.H. Cohn and CohnReznick LLP; Partner at Arthur Andersen; Chief Financial Officer, PAVmed Inc., June 2014 through September 2015 Director, Walker Innovation Inc., 2015-2018 Salvatore Mulia, 75 Director Director since 2004 and Class III Director since 2014; Term expires 2023 Financial advisor at 
 RTM Financial 
 Services 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Salute served as Capital Markets and SEC Practice Director at J.H. Cohn and CohnReznick LLP from 2004 to 2014. Prior to that, he spent 29 years, from 1972 to 2001, at Arthur Andersen managing complex audits for public and private companies. During his tenure, he was responsible for providing clients with strategic planning services as well as consulting on corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, and process evaluation. His clients included large multinational companies and entrepreneurial start-ups. In addition to his client responsibilities, he started three business lines for Arthur Anderson: the Enterprise Group (New York Metropolitan area), the Technology Practice (New York office) and the Bankruptcy and Corporate Recovery Practice (nationwide). More recently, Mr. Salute served as Chief Financial Officer of PAVmed Inc. from June 2014 to September 2015. Mr. Salute also served as a director of Walker Innovation Inc. from 2015 through 2018. Mr. Salute is a graduate of Adelphi University and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Salute has more than 39 years of audit, accounting, and tax experience. His extensive audit, accounting, and tax experience and relationships with industry players are an asset to our Board of Directors. Mr. Salute s expertise and experience also qualify him to serve as chairman of the Audit Committee and as the Audit Committee Financial Expert. Mr. Salute s experience with SEC matters includes numerous initial public offerings and his experience representing publicly traded, as well as over-the-counter market traded, clients provides a significant addition to the Board of Directors. 
 Mr. Mulia, prior to his retirement in 2017, was a financial advisor and principal at RTM Financial Services, Westport, CT, a firm he founded with his wife. RTM was involved in advising small business with an emphasis on leasing and lending advisory services since February 2003. From February 2001 to February 2003, Mr. Mulia was Executive Vice President of Pitney Bowes Capital Corp, Shelton, CT which was engaged in providing financial services to business customers. From 1980 to 1993, Mr. Mulia held senior management positions within General Electric s Financial Services Division, GE Capital Corporation GECC ), and was responsible for developing new products and business initiatives in financial services. In addition, during his tenure at GECC, Mr. Mulia was a principal in GEVEST, GECC s investment banking unit, where he headed syndication and led acquisition teams which acquired leasing companies including TransAmerica Leasing, Chase Manhattan s leasing subsidiary and LeaseAmerica. Mr. Mulia s experience in the financial services industry, as well as his experience with smaller to mid-sized companies needing capital and debt and his understanding of these businesses provides a significant addition to our Board of Directors. His understanding of the dynamics of these businesses has been particularly helpful in addressing similar issues of the Company and this experience provides a significant addition to the Board of Directors. 
 Class I Directors Terms Expiring 2024 
 Name, Address, and Age (1) 
 Position(s) Held with the Company Term of Office and Length of Time Served Principal Occupation(s) During Past 5 Years Other Directorships Held by Director or Nominee for Director During Past 5 Years Messrs. Sloane and Downs are not independent Directors as defined by Nasdaq listing rules. Barry Sloane, 63 Director; Chief Executive Officer and President Director since 1999 and Class I Director since 2014; Term expires 2024 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company Peter Downs, 58 Director; Chief Lending Officer of the Company and Newtek Bank; President, Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC Class I Director since 2014; Term expires 2024 Chief Lending Officer of the Company and Newtek Bank; President of Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Sloane has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1999 and as our President since 2008. Mr. Sloane founded Newtek in 1998 and is an executive officer of each of the Company s subsidiaries. From September 1993 through July 1995, Mr. Sloane was a Managing Director of Smith Barney, Inc. While there, he directed the Commercial and Residential Real Estate Securitization Unit, and he was national sales manager for institutional mortgage and asset backed securities sales. From April 1991 through September 1993, Mr. Sloane was founder and President of Aegis Capital Markets, a consumer loan origination and securitization business which was eventually taken public with the name of Aegis Consumer Funding. From October 1988 through March 1991, Mr. Sloane was Senior Vice President of Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette, where he was responsible for directing sales of mortgage-backed securities. From August 1982 to September 1988, Mr. Sloane was a senior mortgage security salesman and trader for Bear Stearns, L.F. Rothschild, E.F. Hutton and Paine Webber. Mr. Sloane s broad business and financial experience and his knowledge of the Company s businesses have been of great value to the other members of the Board and qualify him to serve on our Board of Directors and as the Chairman of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Mr. Downs is the Company s and Newtek Bank s Chief Lending Officer and was appointed as director in 2014. Mr. Downs joined the Company in 2003 and has been the President of Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC NSBF ), the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, and a member of the NSBF board of directors. He has had primary responsibility for the development of the Company s lending policies and procedures, portfolio and marketing, from its inception. Prior to joining Newtek in 2003, Mr. Downs spent sixteen years in various small business lending roles within the banking industry. From 1990 to 2001, he was employed with European American Bank EAB ), where he held various positions including New Business Development Officer for Small Business Lending and Group Manager of Retail Small Business Lending which encompassed the underwriting and servicing of the bank s small business loan portfolio. Subsequent to EAB s acquisition by Citibank, Mr. Downs ran the bank s U.S. Small Business Administration SBA lending portfolio in New York, and eventually was named the National Director of SBA lending, after which he was responsible for coordinating the bank s SBA underwriting and sales efforts in all Citibank markets across the country. In addition to his banking experience, he has been involved in several non-profit small business advisory boards, and has been a member of the National Association of Government Guaranteed Lenders (NAGGL) Regional Technical Issues Committee. Mr. Down s history with the Company and extensive experience in the small business lending space, including SBA 7(a) lending, provides our Board of Directors with the valuable insight of an experienced lender. 
 The Board of Directors and Board of Directors Meetings 
 The Company s Board of Directors and management are committed to responsible corporate governance to ensure that the Company is managed for the long-term benefit of the Company and its shareholders. To that end, the Board of Directors and executive committee, comprised of the Company s Named Executive Officers (referenced below) (the Executive Committee ), periodically review and update, as appropriate, the Company s corporate governance policies and practices. In doing so, the Board of Directors and Executive Committee review published guidelines and recommendations of institutional shareholder organizations and current best practices of similarly situated public companies. The Board of Directors and Executive Committee also regularly evaluate and, when appropriate, revise the Company s corporate governance policies and practices in accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and listing standards issued by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. Nasdaq where the Company s Common Shares are listed and traded. 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors held a total of 19 meetings, the Audit Committee held 4 meetings and the Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (the Nominating Committee held 4 meetings. Each of the directors attended at least 75 of the aggregate of the Board of Directors meetings and meetings of the committee(s) on which he or she served held during the last fiscal year and while he or she served as a director. All members of the Board of Directors make a diligent effort to attend all board and committee meetings, as well as the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In 2022, all members of the Board of Directors then serving in such roles attended the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Corporate Governance Policies 
 The Company has adopted corporate governance policies which are available at the Investor Relations page of www.newtekone.com http://investor.newtekbusinessservices.com/corporate-governance.cfm ). The corporate governance policies are also available in print to any shareholder who requests them. These policies were adopted by the Board of Directors, among other things, to best ensure that the Board of Directors is independent from management, that the Board of Directors adequately performs its function as the overseer of management and to help ensure that the interests of the Board of Directors and management align with the interests of the shareholders. 
 On an annual basis, each director and executive officer is obligated to complete a Directors and Officers Questionnaire which requires disclosure of any transactions with the Company in which the director or executive officer, or any member of his or her immediate family, have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 The Board of Directors currently has two standing committees: the Audit Committee and the Nominating Committee. Each member of these committees is independent as defined by applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. A brief description of each committee is below, and each of the committees has a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available the Investor Relations page of our website at www.newtekone.com http://investor.newtekbusinessservices.com/corporate-governance.cfm ). 
 Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee in accordance with the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Salute, Mulia and Zink, each of who are independent, and operates pursuant to its written Charter. Mr. Salute serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and currently serves as the audit committee financial expert, as defined under applicable SEC rules. Mr. Salute is independent in accordance with the applicable Nasdaq listing rules. The Audit Committee is authorized to examine and approve the audit report prepared by the independent auditors of the Company, to review and select the independent auditors to be engaged by the Company, to review the internal accounting controls and audit policies. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate as that term is defined by applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. 
 Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The Board of Directors has established a Nominating Committee. The Company s Nominating Committee consists of Messrs. Mulia, Salute and Zink, each of whom are independent, and operates pursuant to its written Charter. Mr. Mulia currently serves as Chair of the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee evaluates the compensation and benefits of the directors, officers and employees, recommends changes, and monitors and evaluates employee performance. The Nominating Committee is generally responsible for identifying corporate governance issues, creating corporate governance policies, identifying and recommending potential candidates for election to the Board of Directors, reviewing and approving conflicts of interest or related party transactions and reviewing executive and director compensation and performance. 
 The Nominating Committee seeks candidates who possess the background, skills, and expertise to make a significant contribution to the Board of Directors, the Company, and its shareholders. In considering possible candidates for election as a director, the Nominating Committee will take into account, in addition to such other factors as it deems relevant, the desirability of selecting candidates who: 
 Are of the highest character and integrity; 
 Are free of any conflict of interest; 
 Are willing and able to devote sufficient time to the affairs of the Company; and 
 Have the capacity and desire to represent the best interests of the shareholders. 
 The Nominating Committee has not adopted a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees. However, in determining whether to recommend a director nominee, the Nominating Committee considers and discusses diversity, among other factors, with a view toward the needs of the Board of Directors as a whole. The Nominating Committee generally conceptualizes diversity expansively to include, without limitation, concepts such as race, gender, national origin, differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skill and other qualities that contribute to the Board of Directors, when identifying and recommending director nominees. The Nominating Committee believes that the inclusion of diversity as one of many factors considered in selecting director nominees is consistent with the Nominating Committee s goal of creating a Board of Directors that best serves the needs of the Company and the interest of its shareholders. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted, and will maintain, a Code of Ethics that establishes procedures for personal investments and 
 restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the Code of Ethics may invest in securities for 
 their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such 
 investments are made in accordance with the Code of Ethics requirements. Our Code of Ethics generally will not 
 permit investments by our employees in securities that may be purchased or held by us. Our current Code of Ethics is posted on 
 the Investor Relations section of our website at http://investor.newtekbusinessservices.com. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, the Company s directors and executive officers, and any persons holding more than 10 of its shares, are required to report their beneficial ownership and any changes therein to the SEC and the Company. Specific due dates for those reports have been established, and the Company is required to report herein any failure to file such reports by those due dates. Based on the Company s review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Company s directors and officers, the Company believes that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such persons were timely filed. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Introduction 
 The following Compensation Discussion Analysis (CD A) includes our compensation philosophy, a description of our compensation program and the program s objectives, the elements of compensation used to pay our executives and the compensation-related decisions made with respect to our named executive officer (NEOs) as set forth below. 
 
 2022 Named Executive Officers 
 
 This compensation discussion and analysis CD A provides 2022 compensation information for the following Named Executive Officers NEOs ). References to 2022 NEOs in this CD A are references to Messrs. Sloane, Downs, Schwartz, Leger and Young. 
 
 Name Age Position Barry Sloane 63 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Peter Downs 58 Chief Lending Officer; President Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC Michael A. Schwartz 62 Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary Nicholas Leger 42 Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Nicolas Young 
 46 Chief Risk Officer 
 Information about 2022 NEOs Who Are Not Directors 
 
 Michael A. Schwartz, age 62, has served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since January 2015. In October 2015, Mr. Schwartz was appointed the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. Beginning in November 2013, Mr. Schwartz was Senior Counsel to the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Schwartz spent twenty-two years in private practice specializing in complex litigation in the fields of securities, mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance, commercial law, unfair employment practices, consumer protection and antitrust. Mr. Schwartz served on the Company s Board of Directors from 2005 through 2009. 
 
 Nicholas J. Leger, age 42, was appointed the Company s Chief Accounting Officer effective as of February 5, 2021. Mr. Leger, has, since November 2015, served as Vice President of Finance and Controller of Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC NSBF ), the Company s consolidated subsidiary that operates as a nationally licensed SBA lender under the federal Section 7(a) loan program, with principal responsibility for financial reporting and the development and implementation of NSBF s accounting policies and practices. Mr. Leger previously worked at First Data Corp. as a Manager and Senior Accountant, in the Financial Planning and Reporting department, from 2005 to 2015, and previously worked in public accounting as a Senior Associate for PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) from 2004 to 2005 and with RSM from 2001 to 2004, primarily in the audit of public and private entities. Mr. Leger graduated from Bentley University in 2002 with a bachelor s degree in Accounting. 
 
 Nicolas Young, age 46, was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company s subsidiary Newtek Bank on January 6, 2023. From August 2, 2021 until January 2023, Mr. Young was the Company s Chief Risk Officer. Mr. Young previously served as Executive Vice President Chief Credit Officer for IBERIABANK, and was EVP Chief Risk Officer of Sabadell in Miami, Florida. Mr. Young has over 20 years experience in credit and risk management. Mr. Young is a native of Montevideo, Uruguay and holds a Bachelor of Economics from Universidad ORT Uruguay. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 Our compensation programs are designed to attract and retain key employees and to motivate them to achieve, and reward them for achieving, superior performance. Different programs are geared to shorter- and longer-term performance, with the goal of increasing shareholder value over the long-term. Because we believe the performance of every employee is important to our success, we are mindful of the effect of executive compensation and incentive programs on all of our employees. 
 We believe that the compensation of our executives should reflect their success as a management team, rather than just as individuals, in attaining key operating objectives, such as growth of earnings per share and the growth and success of our subsidiaries, and long-term competitive advantage, and ultimately, in attaining an increased market price for our Common Shares. We believe that the performance of our executives in managing our Company, considered in light of general economic and specific company, industry and competitive conditions, should be the basis for determining their overall compensation. We also believe that their compensation should not be based on the short-term performance of our Common Shares, whether favorable or unfavorable, but rather that the price of our Common Shares, in the long-term, reflect our operating performance and, ultimately, the management of the Company by our executives. We seek to have the long-term performance of our Common Shares reflected in executive compensation through our equity incentive programs, including restricted stock awards. 
 Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 
 The Nominating Committee supervises the design and implementation of compensation policies for all executive officers (which include the NEOs) and overall incentive equity awards to all employees of the Company. Decisions regarding the non-equity compensation of executive officers, other than NEOs, are made by the Chief Executive Officer within the compensation philosophy set by the Nominating Committee. Decisions regarding the non-equity compensation of NEOs are made by the Chief Executive Officer and the Nominating Committee for consistency with the Company s compensation policies. 
 The Chief Executive Officer semi-annually reviews the performance of each member of the senior executive team, including NEOs (other than himself whose performance is reviewed by the Nominating Committee). The conclusions reached and recommendations based on these reviews, including with respect to salary adjustments and annual award amounts, are then presented to the Nominating Committee by the Chief Executive Officer. The Nominating Committee will review and approve the recommendations for consistency with the Company s compensation policies. 
 Setting Executive Compensation 
 During the course of each fiscal year, it has been the practice of the Chief Executive Officer to review the history of all the elements of each executive officer s total compensation and the Chief Executive Officer may also compare the compensation of the executive officers with that of the executive officers in an appropriate market comparison group of companies with a capitalization similar to that of the Company. We seek to set compensation levels that are perceived as fair, internally and externally, and competitive with overall compensation levels at other companies in our industry, including larger companies from which we may want to recruit employees. However, the Company does not establish individual objectives in the range of comparative data for each individual or for each element of compensation. Typically, the Chief Executive Officer sets compensation with respect to the executive officers who report to him and presents it to the Nominating Committee for conformity with the Company s overall compensation policies. The NEOs are not present at the time of these deliberations. The Nominating Committee then performs a similar review of the Chief Executive Officer s total compensation and makes compensation decisions with respect to such officer, who does not participate in that determination. 
 We choose to pay each element of compensation in order to attract and retain the necessary executive talent, reward annual performance and provide incentive for balanced focus. The amount of each element of compensation is determined by or under the direction of our Committee, which has historically used the following factors to determine the amount of salary and other benefits to pay each NEO: 
 achievement of income to sustain and grow the Company s dividend payments; 
 attainment of risk-adjusted returns on the Company s investment portfolio; 
 performance against competitors for the year; 
 difficulty in achieving desired results in the coming year; 
 value of their unique skills and capabilities to support long-term performance; 
 contribution and growth as a member of the executive management team; 
 professional development and growth of individual executives, the management team and other employees; and 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 managerial assistance provided to our controlled portfolio companies, including contributions to growth of sales, growth of operating earnings and dividends paid to the Company. 
 We do not establish individual goals but focus on the overall profitable growth of our business. 
 Based on the foregoing objectives, we have historically structured the Company s annual and long-term incentive-based non-cash executive compensation to motivate executives to achieve the business goals set by the Company. 
 There is no pre-established policy or target for the allocation between either cash or non-cash compensation. Historically we have granted a majority of total compensation to executive officers in the form of cash compensation. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the principal components of compensation for NEOs were: 
 base salary; 
 incentive compensation based on the Company s and the executive s performance; and 
 retirement and other benefits made available to all employees. 
 Base Salary 
 The Company provides NEOs and other employees with base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year. Executive base salaries continue to reflect our operating philosophy, our performance driven corporate culture and business direction, with each salary determined by the skills, experience and performance level of the individual executive, and the needs and resources of the Company. Base salaries are generally targeted to market levels and base salary ranges for NEOs are determined for each executive based on his or her position and responsibility by using market data from peer companies and published salary surveys, and the Company generally attempts to fix each NEO s salary within the range. We believe that the Company s most direct competitors for executive talent are not necessarily restricted to those companies that are included in the peer company index used to compare shareholder returns, but encompass a broader group of companies engaged in the recruitment and retention of executive talent in competition with the Company. 
 During the review of base salaries for senior level executives for 2022, including the NEOs, we primarily considered: 
 an internal review of each executive s compensation both individually and relative to other executive officers; 
 individual performance of the executive; and 
 a review of the Company s dividend growth and adjusted net investment income relative to the Company s annual plan. 
 Salary levels typically are considered annually as part of the Company s performance review process as well as upon a promotion or other change in job responsibility. Merit based increases to salaries are based on the Chief Executive Officer s assessment of the individual s performance. Merit based increases to the salaries of NEOs other than the Chief Executive Officer are recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and confirmed by the Nominating Committee and those for the Chief Executive Officer are determined by the Committee. 
 Annual Bonus 
 Annual bonuses may be awarded to executive officers along with the Company s non-executive employees under the Company s cash bonus plan. The Company creates a bonus pool based on an annually determined percentage of the salaries of all employees, which it accrues as an expense. Payments under the plan are based on the Company s overall performance as determined by the Chief Executive Officer and the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee determines any bonus for the Chief Executive Officer based on, among other things, a review of the Company s investment income, net asset value and dividend payments relative to the Company s annual plans as established by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer in consultation with the Nominating Committee with respect to the NEOs, or in consultation with the NEOs and other senior level officers with respect to lower level employees, determines annual bonuses for other employees based on such employee s performance. Factors considered include the achievement of business plans, defined goals and performance relative to other companies of a similar size and business strategy. The mix and weighting of the factors vary, depending on the business segment and the executive s responsibilities. The level of achievement and overall contribution by the executive determines the level of bonus. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Equity-Based Compensation 
 The Company must compete for leadership with commercial banks, investment banks, and other publicly traded companies not regulated as investment companies, which are generally able to award many different types of stock-based compensation to their directors, (including their non-employee directors,) officers, and employees. Moreover, the Company has had to compete for leadership with private equity funds, which generally have the discretion to offer a portion of their various carried interests to induce professional talent to associate with their funds without being required to obtain SEC approval each time. On September 12, 2014, the Board of Directors voted to establish the Newtek Business Services Corp. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan was approved by shareholders of the Company on October 22, 2014. The 2014 Plan provided for the grant of options to purchase Common Shares, the terms of which will be determined by the Nominating Committee and set forth in an award agreement between the Company and the executive or employee. The Company has not issued options under the 2014 Plan. 
 On April 27, 2015, the Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors approved the Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Stock Plan ), subject to exemptive relief from the SEC and shareholder approval, in order to have increased flexibility to use restricted Common Shares, in addition to stock options, to assist the Company in achieving its objectives with respect to long-term equity incentive compensation. On May 10, 2016, we received an exemptive order from the SEC permitting us to award restricted Common Shares to our employees, officers, and non-employee directors, and on July 27, 2016, our shareholders approved the 2015 Stock Plan. 
 Prior to our conversion to a financial holding company, the 2015 Stock Plan permited us to issue awards of stock options and restricted Common Shares in an aggregate amount of up to 20 of our issued and outstanding Common Shares (the Plan Maximum Shares as of the effective date of the plan. Under the 2015 Stock Plan, all of the Plan Maximum Shares are available for grants of stock options, and half of the Plan Maximum Shares (up to 10 of our issued and outstanding Common Shares as of the effective date of the 2015 Stock Plan) is available for grants of restricted Common Shares. The Nominating Committee believes that restricted Common Shares is the best method of encouraging stock ownership in the Company by eligible participants by giving them a proprietary interest in the Company s performance, which more closely aligns compensation with the Company s performance and provides a means to attract and retain persons of outstanding ability in key positions with the Company. If in the future we successfully grow our assets under management and our net asset value, we may choose to increase the number of employees of the Company. The Nominating Committee may or may not choose to consider the use of stock options for incentive compensation of these employees. 
 The Company s Board of Directors and its Nominating Committee, which consists entirely of directors who are not employees of the Company, believe that in light of the Company s plan for growth, stock-based incentive compensation, particularly the award of restricted Common Shares, advances the interests of the Company by providing substantial motivation for superior performance and more fully aligning the interests of officers and directors with the interests of our shareholders. The Company does not intend on issuing any additional awards under the 2015 Stock Plan and intends on submitting an amended Stock Plan for shareholder approval at our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Benefits and Perquisites 
 Our NEOs are generally not entitled to benefits that are not available to all of our employees. In this regard, it should be noted that we do not provide pension arrangements, post-retirement health coverage or similar benefits for our executives or employees. The Nominating Committee periodically reviews the levels of benefits provided to executive officers. The NEOs participate in the Company s 401(k) savings plan and other benefit plans on the same basis as other similarly situated employees. The Company has adopted a match for the Company s 401(k) savings plan for 2022, which consists of a discretionary match of 50 of the first 2 of employee contributions up to a maximum of 1 of the employee s compensation (subject to the Internal Revenue Code annual limitation). It is anticipated that the Board will approved a match for 2023. 
 Compensation of the Chief Executive Officer 
 The Nominating Committee s decisions regarding compensation of Mr. Sloane are guided by the same policies and considerations that govern compensation of the Company s other NEOs. While recognizing the Chief Executive Officer s leadership in building a highly talented management team and in driving the Company forward, Mr. Sloane s base salary was 700,000 for 2022 and 2021. Mr. Sloane received a 1,000,000 cash bonus for 2021 that was paid in 2022 and did not receive a cash bonus for 2022. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Sloane received an award of 61,652 restricted Common Shares in December 2022, which award vests on December 28, 2025; an award of 47,081 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, which vests on August 15, 2025; and 83,217 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and February 15, 2023, and one-third vesting on February 15, 2024. The Nominating Committee has determined that this salary package is competitive with the labor market median for someone with Mr. Sloane s skills and talents and is reflective of the Company s current cash and financial position and the status of the Company s Common Shares. 
 Compensation of the Other NEOs 
 The Nominating Committee approved the 2022 compensation for Peter Downs, Michael Schwartz, Nicolas Young and Nicholas Leger, as recommended to it by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Mr. Downs s base salary was 550,000 in 2022 and 2021. Mr. Downs received a 250,000 cash bonus for 2022 (paid in 2023) and a 250,000 cash bonus for 2021 (paid in 2022). Mr. Downs received an award of 17,655 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, which award vests on August 15, 2025; and 11,557 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 Mr. Schwartz s base salary was 400,000 in 2022 and 360,000 in 2021. Mr. Schwartz received a 250,000 cash bonus for 2022 (paid in 2023) and a 200,000 cash bonus for 2021 (paid in 2022). Mr. Schwartz received an award of 14,124 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, which award vests on August 15, 2025; 3,083 restricted Common Shares in March 2021, with one-third vested on March 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of March 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024; 2,312 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, which vested on April 30, 2021; and 6,934 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 
 Mr. Leger s base salary was 325,000 in 2022 and 270,000 in 2021. Mr. Leger received a 200,000 cash bonus for 2022 (paid in 2023) and a 150,000 cash bonus for 2021 (paid in 2022). Mr. Leger received an award of 10,593 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, which award vests on August 15, 2025; and 4,623 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on April 30, 2021 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 
 Mr. Young s base salary was 500,000 in 2022 and 2021. Mr. Young received a 100,000 cash bonus for 2022 (paid in 2023) and a 25,000 cash bonus for 2021 (paid in 2022). Mr. Young received an award of 9,416 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, which award vests on August 15, 2025; and 17,197 restricted Common Shares in August 2021, with one-third vested on August 2, 2022, and one-third vesting on each of August 2, 2023 and August 2, 2024. 
 Elements of Executive Compensation and 2022 Compensation Determinations 
 Base Salary . We believe that base salaries are a fundamental element of our compensation program. The Nominating Committee establishes base salaries for each NEO to reflect (i) the scope of the NEO s industry experience, knowledge and qualifications, (ii) the NEO s position and responsibilities and contributions to our business growth and (iii) salary levels and pay practices of those companies with whom we compete for executive talent. 
 The Nominating Committee considers base salary levels at least annually as part of its review of the performance of NEOs and from time to time upon a promotion or other change in job responsibilities. During its review of base salaries for our executives, the Nominating Committee primarily considers: individual performance of the executive, including leadership and execution of strategic initiatives and the accomplishment of business results for the company; market data; the NEO s total compensation, both individually and relative to our other NEOs; and for NEOs other than the CEO, the base salary recommendations of our Chief Executive Officer. 
 The following table sets forth the 2022 and 2021 base salaries for our current NEOs. 
 2022 Base Salary 2021 Base Salary Barry Sloane 700,000 700,000 Peter Downs 550,000 550,000 Michael Schwartz 400,000 360,000 Nicholas Leger 325,000 270,000 Nicolas Young 500,000 500,000 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Annual Bonus Awards . The Nominating Committee designs our annual cash bonuses to motivate our NEOs to achieve financial and non-financial objectives consistent with our operating plan. The Nominating Committee retains discretion in the sizing and awarding of cash bonuses for each NEO to ensure that individual bonus determinations appropriately balance the interests of the Company s shareholders, while rewarding an NEO s contributions to performance. In evaluating the performance of our NEOs to arrive at their 2022 cash bonus awards, the Nominating Committee considered the factors to determine the amount of salary and other benefits, as set forth above. The Nominating Committee also considered the following factors and aspects of the Company s 2022 operating performance in the determination of specific NEO bonus awards: 
 Declaration of 2.75 per share in cash dividends; 
 Obtaining regulatory approvals for, and the closing of, the Acquisition of NBNYC; 
 Ability to maintain employee and staff productivity in a remote work environment; 
 The management of the Company s assets and capital; 
 Managerial assistance provided to our controlled portfolio companies, including contributions to growth of sales, growth of operating earnings and earnings per share, as well as navigating the pandemic; and 
 Each NEO s specific performance achievements and contributions to the Company s 2022 financial performance. 
 
 When allocating bonus awards, the Nominating Committee also evaluated the total compensation paid to the NEOs and other employees. Based on the foregoing considerations and analysis, and after due deliberation, the Committee awarded the 2022 NEOs the following annual cash bonuses and awards of restricted Common Shares pursuant to the 2015 Stock Plan with respect to 2022. 
 2022 Cash Bonus Award As Percentage of 2022 Base Salary Barry Sloane n/a n/a Peter Downs 250,000 45 Michael Schwartz 250,000 63 Nicholas Leger 200,000 62 Nicolas Young 100,000 20 
 Name Number of Shares or Units that have not Vested (#) Market Value of 
 Shares or Units 
 of Stock that 
 have not Vested 
 ) (1) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 (#) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: Market or Payout 
 Value of Number of 
 Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 ) 
 Barry Sloane (2) 
 184,103 2,991,673 184,103 2,991,673 Peter Downs (3) 
 29,063 472,267 29,063 472,267 Michael A Schwartz (4) 
 23,912 388,570 23,912 388,570 Nicholas Leger (5) 
 15,454 251,131 15,454 251,131 Nicolas Young (6) 
 24,409 396,649 24,409 396,649 All Others 120,477 1,957,749 120,477 1,957,749 
 ____________ 
 (1) Based on the closing price for our Common Shares of 16.25 on December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Received an award of 61,652 restricted Common Shares in December 2022, vesting on December 28, 2025; 47,081 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 83,217 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (3) Received an award of 17,655 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 11,557 restricted Common in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023, and February 15, 2024. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 (4) Received an award of 14,124 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; 3,083 restricted Common Shares in March 2021, with one third vested on March 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of the following dates: March 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024; and 6,935 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of the following dates: February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (5) Received an award of 10,593 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 4,623 restricted Common Shares in February 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2021 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (6) Received an award of 9,416 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 17,197 restricted Common Shares in August 2021 with one-third vested in 2022 and one-third of the award vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 Conclusion 
 The Nominating Committee believes that attracting and retaining talented and motivated management and employees is essential to creating long-term shareholder value. The Nominating Committee seeks to attract and retain management and employees by offering a competitive, performance-based compensation program which the Nominating Committee believes aligns the interests of the executive officers and other key employees with those of our Shareholders. We believe that the Company s 2022 compensation program met those objectives. 
 Compensation Risk Assessment 
 Our Nominating Committee aims to establish Company-wide compensation policies and practices that reward contributions to long-term shareholder value and do not promote unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. In furtherance of this objective, the Nominating Committee conducted an assessment of our compensation arrangements, including those for our named executive officers. The assessment process included, among other things, a review of our (1) compensation philosophy, (2) compensation mix and (3) cash and equity-based incentive plans. 
 In its review, among other factors, the Nominating Committee considered the following: 
 Our investment model and our cash incentive plan encourage our employees to focus on creating a stable, predictable stream of investment income over multiple years, rather than focusing on current year revenue at the expense of succeeding years. 
 The distribution of compensation among our core compensation elements has effectively balanced short-term performance and long-term performance. 
 Our cash and equity-based incentive awards in conjunction with management efforts focus on both near-term and long-term goals. 
 Our cash and equity-based incentive awards contain a range of performance levels and payouts, to discourage executives from taking risky actions to meet a single target with an all or nothing result of compensation or no compensation. 
 Our executives are encouraged to hold a meaningful number of Common Shares pursuant to our stock ownership policy. Based upon this assessment, our Nominating Committee believes that our Company-wide compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 2022 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation; Continuing Shareholder Engagement 
 At our 2022 annual meeting of shareholders, our advisory vote on say-on-pay received strong support from our shareholders (approximately 94 of votes cast). 
 The Nominating Committee views as important the continuing dialogue with our shareholders on compensation and other governance matters. The results of the Company s 2022 advisory vote on say-on-pay represent positive support for the named executive officers compensation, but we continue to review our compensation program such that it recognizes the business environment in which the Company operates, control costs, is transparent, and enables employees to make informed decisions. We anticipate continuing our shareholder engagement efforts in advance of our future annual meetings. 
 Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 All members of the Nominating Committee are independent directors, and none of them are paid officers of ours or any of our subsidiaries. No member of the Nominating Committee: (i) has had any relationship with us requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act; or (ii) is an executive officer of another entity, at which one of our executive officers serves on our Board of Directors. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Compensation, Corporation Governance and Nominating Committee Report 
 The Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Company has reviewed and discussed the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis for fiscal 2022 required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report. 
 THE COMPENSATION, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE 
 Salvatore Mulia, Chairman 
 Richard Salute 
 Gregory Zink 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following tables set forth the aggregate compensation earned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and next most highly compensated executive officers (which we refer to as NEOs) during 2022 and the two previous years. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock 
 Awards (4) 
 ) 
 Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Totals ) Barry Sloane, 2022 700,000 1,000,000 (13) 
 1,700,000 Chief Executive Officer 2021 700,000 1,000,000 (2) 
 1,800,000 (5) 
 3,500,000 2020 700,000 700,000 Peter Downs, 2022 550,000 250,000 (1) 
 375,000 (14) 
 1,175,000 Chief Lending Officer 2021 550,000 250,000 (2) 
 250,000 (6) 
 1,050,000 2020 550,000 100,000 (3) 
 650,000 Michael Schwartz, 2022 400,000 250,000 (1) 
 300,000 (15) 
 950,000 Chief Legal Officer 2021 360,000 200,000 (2) 
 325,000 (8) 
 885,000 2020 360,000 150,000 (3) 
 50,000 (9) 
 560,000 Nicholas Leger 2022 325,000 200,000 (1) 
 225,000 (16) 
 750,000 Chief Accounting Officer 2021 270,000 150,000 (2) 
 100,000 (10) 
 520,000 2020 n/a n/a n/a n/a Nicolas Young 2022 500,000 100,000 (1) 
 200,000 (12) 
 800,000 Chief Risk Officer 2021 500,000 25,000 (2) 
 600,000 (11) 
 1,125,000 2020 n/a n/a n/a n/a Former NEO Chris Towers, (7) 
 2022 n/a n/a n/a n/a Chief Accounting Officer 2021 n/a n/a n/a n/a 2020 250,000 250,000 
 ____________ 
 (1) Cash bonus awarded for 2022 performance and paid in 2023. 
 (2) Cash bonus awarded for 2021 performance and paid in 2022. 
 (3) Cash bonus awarded for 2020 performance and paid in 2021. 
 (4) The value reported for Stock Awards is the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards granted to the NEOs, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, disregarding adjustments for forfeiture assumptions. The assumptions for making the valuation determinations are set forth in Note 12 Stock Based Compensation within this An nual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Received an award of 83,217 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (6) Received an award of 11,557 restricted Common in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023, and February 15, 2024. 
 (7) Mr. Towers resigned from the Company effective February 5, 2021. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 (8) Received an award of 3,083 restricted Common Shares in March 2021, vesting one-third on each of March 15, 2022, March 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024; and 6,935 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (9) Stock bonus for 2020 performance (awarded restricted Common Shares in February 2021 with a three (3) month vesting period). 
 (10) Received an award of 4,623 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, vested one-third in 2021 and vesting one-third in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (11) Received an award of 17,196 restricted Common Shares in August 2021, vested one-third on August 2, 2022 and vesting one-third on each of August 2, 2023 and August 2, 2024 . 
 (12) Received an award of 9,416 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025. 
 (13) Received an award of 61,652 restricted Common Shares in December 2022, vesting on January 15, 2026. 
 (14) Received an award of 17,655 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025. 
 (15) Received an award of 14,124 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025. 
 (16) Received an award of 10,593 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025. 
 Equity Compensation Plans Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 On April 27, 2015, the Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors approved the 2015 Stock Plan, subject to exemptive relief from the SEC and shareholder approval, in order to have increased flexibility to use restricted Common Shares, in addition to stock options, to assist the Company in achieving its objectives with respect to long-term equity incentive compensation. On May 10, 2016, we received an exemptive order from the SEC permitting us to award restricted Common Shares to our employees, officers, and non-employee directors, and on July 27, 2016, our shareholders approved the 2015 Stock Plan. 
 Under the 2015 Stock Plan, a maximum of 20 of our total Common Shares issued and outstanding, calculated on a fully diluted basis, were available for awards under the 2015 Stock Plan as December 31, 2022. Up to 10 of our total issued and outstanding Common Shares were available for grants of restricted Common Shares. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 24,608,631 Common Shares outstanding. Therefore, there were 3.0 million Common Shares available for grant pursuant to the 2015 Stock Plan as of December 31, 2022. None of those shares are currently subject to stock options. Under the 2015 Stock Plan, no more than 50 of the Common Shares reserved for the grant of the awards under the 2015 Stock Plan (up to an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares) could be restricted Common Share awards at any time during the term of the 2015 Stock Plan. To date, the Nominating Committee has awarded 688,430 restricted Common Shares (net of forfeitures) to 112 employees. Therefore, after including accrued stock dividends and adding back the Common Shares withheld from awards upon vesting to satisfy recipient s tax withholding obligations, approximately 0.8 million Common Shares would be available for additional grants of restricted Common Shares as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has no outstanding options under the 2015 Stock Plan. 
 The Nominating Committee does not intend to authorize additional grants under the 2015 Stock Plan and intends to seek stockholder approved of an amended stock plan at the next annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Year End 
 There were 397,418 outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022, including dividends paid on the outstanding equity awards in the form of additional restricted Common Shares, of which 276,941 were held by our NEOs. 
 There were no outstanding option awards as of December 31, 2022. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding awards of restricted Common Shares held by our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022: 
 Name Number of Shares or Units that have not Vested (#) Market Value of 
 Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested 
 ) (6) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 (#) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Market or Payout Value of Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 ) (6) 
 Barry Sloane (1) 
 184,103 2,991,673 184,103 2,991,673 Peter Downs (2) 
 29,063 472,267 29,063 472,267 Michael A Schwartz (3) 
 23,912 388,570 23,912 388,570 Nicholas Leger (4) 
 15,454 251,131 15,454 251,131 Nicolas Young (5) 
 24,409 396,649 24,409 396,649 
 ____________ 
 (1) Mr. Sloane received an award of 47,081 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 83,217 restricted Common Shares in February 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2022 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (2) Mr. Downs received an award of 17,655 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 11,558 restricted Common Shares in February 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2022 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (3) Mr. Schwartz received an award of 14,124 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; 6,935 restricted Common Shares in February 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2022 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024 and an award of 3,083 restricted Common Shares in March 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2022 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (4) Mr. Leger received an award of 10,593 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 4,623 restricted Common Shares in February 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2021 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (5) Mr. Young received an award of 9,416 restricted Common Shares in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025; and 17,197 restricted Common Shares in August 2021 with one-third of the award vested in 2022 and one-third vesting in each of 2023 and 2024. 
 (6) Based on the closing price of our Common Shares of 16.25 on December 31, 2022. 
 Options Exercised and Stock Vested 
 No options were exercised in 2022. The number of restricted Common Shares held by the NEOs that vested in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are set forth in the table below. 
 Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of shares acquired on exercise (#) Value realized on exercise ) Number of shares acquired on vesting (#) Value realized on vesting 
 ) (5) 
 Barry Sloane (1) 
 30,901 824,748 Peter Downs (2) 
 4,292 114,553 Michael Schwartz (3) 
 3,748 100,773 Nicholas Leger Nicolas Young (4) 
 6,544 136,770 
 ____________ 
 (1) Mr. Sloane received an award of 83,218 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third of the award vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023, and February 15, 2024. 
 (2) Mr. Downs received an award of 11,558 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third of the award vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023, and February 15, 2024. 
 (3) Mr. Schwartz received an award of 6,935 restricted Common Shares in February 2021, with one-third of the award vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024, and 3,083 restricted Common Shares in March 2021, with one-third of the award vested on March 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of March 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024. 
 (4) Mr. Young received an award of 17,197 restricted Common Shares in August 2021, with one-third of the award vested on August 2, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of August 2, 2023 and August 2, 2024. 
 (5) Based on the closing price of our Common Shares of 26.69, 27.32 and 20.90 on February 15, 2022, March 15, 2022 and August 2, 2022, respectively. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Employment Agreements 
 The Company entered into separate employment agreements with the following NEOs during 2022 (each, an 2022 Employment Agreement and collectively, the 2022 Employment Agreements ): 
 Barry Sloane, as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; 
 Peter Downs, as Chief Lending Officer and President of Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC; 
 Michael Schwartz, as Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary; 
 
 . Nicholas Leger, as Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President; and 
 
 Nicolas Young, as Chief Risk Officer. 
 Mr. Sloane s, Mr. Down s, Mr. Schwartz s and Mr. Leger s employment agreements were renewed as of March 1, 2023 for terms through March 1, 2024, at annual base salaries of 700,000, 650,000, 450,000 and 400,000, respectively. Nicolas Young, who was the Company s Chief Risk Officer from August 2, 2021 through January 6, 2023, entered into an one-year employment agreement with the Company on August 2, 2021, which employment agreement was amended during 2022 to extend through January 6, 2023, on the same terms. Mr. Young was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company s subsidiary Newtek Bank on January 6, 2023, and entered into an employment agreement with Newtek Bank effective as of January 6, 2023 for a term through December 31, 2023 at an annual salary of 650,000 effective March 1, 2023. Aside from base salaries, the other terms and provisions of Mr. Sloane s, Mr. Down s, Mr. Leger s, Mr. Schwartz s and Mr. Young s employment agreements remained substantially the same. 
 Generally, under the 2022 Employment Agreements, Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz, Leger, Young and Downs were entitled to a set base compensation, cash bonuses pursuant to the Company s Annual Cash Bonus Plan or by the action of the Board of Directors, and incentive compensation at the discretion of the Nominating Committee. In addition, Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz, Leger, Young and Downs are entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and vacation and sick leave available to all employees of the Company. The 2022 Employment Agreements also provided for severance payments in the case of termination without just cause, as defined therein, or of resignation with good reason, as defined therein, and payment if their 2022 Employment Agreements were not renewed for other than just cause. Under the 2022 Employment Agreements, during the term of their employment, Messrs. Schwartz, Downs, Leger, Young and Sloane agreed to devote substantially all of their business time to the Company and to not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business or affairs of the Company. The Company agreed to indemnify Messrs. Downs, Schwartz, Leger, Young and Sloane for any and all loss, expenses, or liability that he may incur as a result of their services for the Company to the extent permitted by the Company s Bylaws. 
 Mr. Sloane s 2022 Employment Agreement provided for: 
 a twelve-month term through March 1, 2023 at an annual base salary of 700,000; 
 at least one annual salary review by the Board of Directors; 
 participation in any discretionary bonus plan established for senior executives; and 
 retirement and medical plans, customary fringe benefits, vacation and sick leave. 
 Mr. Downs 2022 Employment Agreement provided for: 
 a twelve-month term through March 1, 2023 at an annual base salary of 550,000; 
 at least one annual salary review by the Board of Directors; 
 participation in any discretionary bonus plan established for senior executives; and 
 retirement and medical plans, customary fringe benefits, vacation and sick leave. 
 Mr. Schwartz s 2022 Employment Agreement provided for: 
 a twelve-month term through March 1, 2023 at an annual base salary of 400,000; 
 at least one annual salary review by the Board of Directors; 
 participation in any discretionary bonus plan established for senior executives; and 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 retirement and medical plans, customary fringe benefits, vacation and sick leave. 
 Mr. Leger s 2022 Employment Agreement provided for: 
 a twelve-month term through March 1, 2023 at an annual base salary of 325,000; 
 at least one annual salary review by the Board of Directors; 
 participation in any discretionary bonus plan established for senior executives; and 
 retirement and medical plans, customary fringe benefits, vacation and sick leave. 
 Mr. Young s 2022 Employment Agreement provided for: 
 a term through January 6, 2023 at an annual base salary of 500,000; 
 at least one annual salary review by the Board of Directors; 
 participation in any discretionary bonus plan established for senior executives; 
 an award of 600,000 of restricted Common Shares in August 2021 with three year vesting; and 
 retirement and medical plans, customary fringe benefits, vacation and sick leave. 
 Payments upon Change of Control, Non-renewal or Termination 
 Mr. Sloane s Employment Agreement provided for a payment in the event of non-renewal of his employment in an amount equal to one (1.0) times the sum of his annual base compensation plus any cash bonus or other incentive compensation paid in the immediately preceding fiscal year, or in the case of a change of control or termination other than for just cause, an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the his annual base salary in effect at the time of termination, plus the amount of any incentive compensation paid with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year. The Company s proposal to convert to a financial holding company would not qualify as a change of control under the terms of Mr. Sloane s Employment Agreement. In addition, in the case of termination other than for just cause, all outstanding and unvested equity awards are to be accelerated in full. 
 Messrs. Downs , Schwartz and Leger s Employment Agreements provided for a payment in the case of termination other than for just cause or a change in control, equal to one (1.0) times the sum of their current annual base compensation plus any cash bonuses or other incentive compensation paid in the prior year. In addition, in the case of termination other than for cause, all outstanding and unvested equity awards are to be accelerated in full. In addition, in the event of non-renewal of their employment agreements, Messrs. Downs, Leger and Schwartz would be entitled to amounts equal to 50 of the sum of their respective current annual base compensation plus any cash bonus or other incentive compensation paid in the immediately preceding fiscal year. 
 
 Mr. Young s Employment Agreement provides for a payment in the case of termination other than for just cause or a change in control, equal to one (1.0) times his annual base compensation. In addition, in the case of termination other than for cause, 50 of all outstanding and unvested equity awards are to be accelerated. In addition, in the event of non-renewal of his Employment Agreement, Mr. Young would be entitled to an amount equal to 100 of his annual base compensation. 
 Each Employment Agreement contained a non-competition provision that requires Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz, Leger, Young and Downs to devote substantially their full business time and efforts to the performance of their duties under the Employment Agreements. 
 Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz, Leger, Young and Downs are not prohibited, however, from serving on the boards of directors of, and holding offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, will not present conflicts of interest with the Company, or investing in any business dissimilar from the Company s or, solely as a passive or minority investor, in any business. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Under each of the Employment Agreements, the Company may terminate Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz, Leger, Young or Downs employment for just cause as defined in the respective Employment Agreement, and upon the termination, no severance benefits are available. If Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz, Leger, Young or Downs voluntarily terminates his employment for good reason as defined in the Employment Agreement, the executive is entitled to the same payment as in the case of termination other than for cause. If the executive s employment terminates during the term of the agreement due to death, disability, or retirement after age 62, the executive shall receive only his compensation, vested rights, and executive benefits up to the date of executive s last day of employment. The executive is able to terminate voluntarily his agreement by providing prior written notice to the Board of Directors, in which case the executive is entitled to receive only his compensation, vested rights and benefits up to the date of termination. 
 Post Termination Payments 
 The table below reflects the amount of compensation that would have been payable to the executive officers under these arrangements if the hypothetical termination of employment events described above had occurred on December 31, 2022, given their compensation and service levels as of such date. All payments are payable by the Company in a lump sum unless otherwise noted. 
 These benefits are in addition to benefits available regardless of the occurrence of such an event, such as currently exercisable stock options, and benefits generally available to salaried employees, such as distributions under the Company s 401(k) plan, disability benefits, and accrued vacation pay. In addition, in connection with any termination of Mr. Sloane s employment, the Company may determine to enter into an agreement or to establish an arrangement providing additional benefits or amounts, or altering the terms of benefits described below, as the Nominating Committee deems appropriate. 
 The actual amounts that would be paid upon Mr. Sloane s termination of employment can be determined only at the time of his separation from the Company. 
 Post Termination Payments Name Change in Control Non-Renewal Termination without cause Barry Sloane 2,800,000 1,400,000 2,800,000 Peter Downs 800,000 400,000 800,000 Michael Schwartz 600,000 300,000 600,000 Nicholas Leger 475,000 237,500 475,000 Nicolas Young 500,000 500,000 500,000 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 The Company did not have any nonqualified deferred compensation in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Pension Benefits 
 The Company had no obligation under pension benefit plans to the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. 
 Tax and Accounting Implications 
 Deductibility of Executive Compensation 
 As part of its role, the Committee reviews and considers the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, which provides that the Company may not deduct compensation of more than 1,000,000 that is paid to certain individuals. The Company believes that, with the exception of Mr. Sloane, compensation paid by the Company is generally fully deductible for federal income tax purposes. However, in certain situations, the Committee may, in the future, approve compensation that will not meet these requirements in order to ensure competitive levels of total compensation for its executive officers. 
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
 Beginning on January 1, 2006, the Company began accounting for stock-based payments under its three incentive stock plans in accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 718. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the beneficial ownership of each current director, the nominee for director, the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding Common Shares, and the executive officers and directors as a group. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 24,608,631 Common Shares outstanding as of the Record Date. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. If applicable and available, ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our Common Shares is based upon filings by such persons with the SEC and other information obtained from such persons. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power. The Company s directors are divided into two groups interested directors and independent directors. Independent directors are independent directors of the Company as defined in applicable Nasdaq listing rules. Unless otherwise indicated, the addresses of all executive officers and directors are c/o Newtek Business Services Corp.,4800 T-Rex Avenue, Suite 120, Boca Raton, FL 33431. 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class Interested Directors: Barry Sloane (1) 
 1,274,269 5.2 Peter Downs (2) 
 67,437 Halli Razon-Feingold (3) 
 18,645 Independent Directors: Gregory Zink (7,8) 
 23,973 Salvatore Mulia (7,8) 
 59,142 Richard Salute (7,8) 
 25,475 Fernando Perez-Hickman (8) 
 2,170 Executive Officers: Nicholas Leger (4) 
 17,493 Michael Schwartz (5) 
 40,336 Nicolas Young (6) 
 28,539 All current directors and executive officers as a group 1,557,479 6.3 
 ____________ 
 Less than 1 of total Common Shares outstanding as of the Record Date. 
 (1) Includes 176,221 Shares owned by The B Sloane Family Foundation, a 501(c)(3) private foundation, of which Mr. Sloane shares voting and dispositive power, 61,652 restricted Common Shares awarded to Mr. Sloane in December 2022, vesting on December 28, 2025, 47,081 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025, and 83,217 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on February 15, 2023 and February 15 2024. 
 (2) Includes 17,655 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025 and 11,557 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (3) Includes 3,467 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on each of February 15, 2022 and February 15, 2023 and one-third vesting on February 15, 2024, plus accrued dividends through December 31, 2022. Includes 7,062 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025. 
 (4) Includes 10,593 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025 and 4,623 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested in 2021 and one-third vesting on each of February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (5) Includes 14,124 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025, 3,082 restricted Common Shares awarded in March 2021, with one-third vested on March 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of March 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024, and 6,934 restricted Common Shares awarded in February 2021, with one-third vested on February 15, 2022 and one-third vesting on February 15, 2023 and February 15, 2024. 
 (6) Includes 9,416 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2022, vesting on August 15, 2025 and 17,197 restricted Common Shares awarded in August 2021, with one-third vested on August 2, 2022 and one-third vesting on each of August 2, 2023 and August 2, 2024. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 (7) Includes 1,332 restricted Company Shares awarded in June 2019 as equity-based compensation to non-employee directors Mulia, Salute and Zink, at the beginning of their 2019 terms of service, which forfeiture restrictions will lapse as to one-third of such Company Shares each year for three years, plus accrued dividends through December 31, 2022. 
 (8) Includes 2,000 restricted Company Shares awarded in June 2022 as equity-based compensation to non-employee directors Mulia, Salute, Fernando and Zink, at the beginning of their 2022 terms of service, which forfeiture restrictions will lapse as to one-third of such Company Shares each year for three years, plus accrued dividends through July 15, 2025. 

Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Company Beneficially Owned by Each Director: Name of Director Dollar Range of Equity Securities in 
 Newtek Business Services Corp. (1)(2) 
 Interested Directors: Barry Sloane Over 100,000 Peter Downs Over 100,000 Halli Razon-Feingold Over 100,000 Independent Directors: Richard Salute Over 100,000 Salvatore Mulia Over 100,000 Gregory Zink Over 100,000 Fernando Perez-Hickman 10,001 - 50,000 
 ____________ 
 (1) Dollar ranges are as follows: None, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000, or Over 100,000. 
 (2) The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned is based on the closing price for our Common Shares of 16.25 on December 31, 2022 on the Nasdaq Global Market. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 The information required by this item regarding shareholder approval of our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
 
 We have written procedures in place for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving the Company and certain persons related to the Company. When the company operated as a BDC for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with certain of its affiliates without meeting certain requirements, such as the prior approval of the independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. The affiliates with which the Company was prohibited from transacting include its officers, directors and employees and any person who owns 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities or controlling or under common control with the Company. 
 The Board of Directors reviews all potential related party transactions on an ongoing basis, and all such transactions must be approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reviews such transactions on a case-by-case basis. In addition, the Nominating Committee or the Board of Directors reviews and approves all compensation-related policies involving our directors and executive officers. The Board of Directors may approve or ratify a related party transaction only if it determines that, under all of the circumstances, the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests. The Board of Directors may impose any conditions on the related person transaction that it deems appropriate. 
 Mr. Sloane s nephew, Kyle Sloane, is employed by one of the Company s subsidiaries. Kyle Sloane earned in excess of 125,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Director Independence and Executive Sessions 
 Nasdaq listing standards requires that a majority of the Board of Directors and every member of our Audit Committee and Nominating Committee are independent. Our Board of Directors reviews the independence of its members annually. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Mulia, Zink, Salute and Perez-Hickman qualify as independent as defined by applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. In making this determination, the Board of Directors has concluded that none of these members has a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 
 It is the policy of the Board of Directors to hold executive sessions of the independent directors meeting without management at the conclusion of regularly scheduled meetings and as requested by a director. Mr. Salute presides over these meetings of the independent directors. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Audit Fees and Services 
 Fees for professional services rendered to the Company by RSM during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Audit fees 599 Audit related fees 158 Tax fees 292 All other fees 53 Total fees 1,049 
 Fees for professional services rendered to the Company by RSM during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Audit fees 478 Audit related fees 173 Tax fees 269 All other fees 290 Total fees 1,210 
 Audit Fees: The audit fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were for professional services rendered in connection with the audits of the Company s annual financial statements, assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC, consents and other services required to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Audit-Related Fees: All other fees billed to the Company by RSM during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for non-audit services and assurance and related services for attestations not required by law. 
 Tax Fees: Tax fees were for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 
 All Other Fees: Non-audit related services billed by RSM were primarily related to the Company s Form N-2 and other SEC filings. 
 In accordance with the Audit Committee Charter, all of the foregoing audit and non-audit fees paid to, and the related services provided by, RSM were pre-approved by the Audit Committee after consulting with the Company s Chief Accounting Officer. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 (a)(2) The following financial statement schedule is filed herewith: 
 Schedule of Investments In and Advances to Affiliates as of December 31, 202 2 
 384 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 No other financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

Number Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Newtek Business Services Corp. (Previously filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-191499) filed on November 3, 2014, and incorporated by reference herein). 
 3.2 
 Amended Bylaws of NewtekOne, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of NewtekOne, Inc.''s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023 ). 
 3.3 
 Newtek Conventional Lending II, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Newtek s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 814-01035), filed May 13, 2021. 
 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14 (File No. 333-195998), filed September 24, 2014). 
 4.2 
 Description of Securities filed herewith. 
 4.3 
 Base Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2015, between Newtek, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit d.2 to Newtek s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-204915, filed September 23, 2015). 
 4.4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 29, 2019, between Newtek, as issuer, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit d.8 to Newtek s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-224976, filed July 29, 2019). 
 4.5 
 Form of Global Note with respect to the 5.75 Notes due 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit d.8 to Newtek s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-224976, filed July 29, 2019). 
 4.6 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 27, 2020, relating to the 6.85 Notes due 2025, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 27, 2020). 
 4.7 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 6, 2021, relating to the 6.85 Notes due 2025, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2021). 
 4.8 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated of January 22, 2021 between Newtek Business Services Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2021). 
 4.9 
 Form of 5.50 Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2021). 
 4.10 
 Eighth Supplement Indenture dated of February 16, 2021 between Newtek Business Services Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2021). 
 4.11 
 Form of 5.75 Notes due 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2021). 
 4.12 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2022 relating to the 5.00 Notes due 2025, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 31, 2022). 
 4.1 3 
 Limited Waiver Agreement, dated February 28, 2023 
 10.1 
 Form of Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Previously filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-191499) filed on November 3, 2014, and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.2 
 Newtek Business Services Corp. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 8.6 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14 (File No. 333-195998), filed September 24, 2014). 
 10.3 
 Guaranty, dated as of February 28, 2011, by and between Newtek Business Services, Inc. and Sterling National Bank (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10.2 to Newtek Business Services, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-16123), filed March 3, 2011). 
 10.4 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2017, by and among Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC, Capital One, National Association and UBS Bank USA as Lenders, and Capital One, National Association as Administrative Agent, Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 16, 2017). 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 10.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Guaranty of Payment and Performance, dated as of May 11, 2017, delivered by Newtek Business Services Corp. in favor of Capital One, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent, and the Lenders under the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 16, 2017). 
 10.6 
 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2018, by and among Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Capital One, National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit k.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Newtek s Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-224976, filed August 31, 2018). 
 10.7 
 Guaranty of Payment and Performance, dated as of July 31, 2018, by and among Newtek and Capital One, National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit k.5 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Newtek s Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-224976, filed August 31, 2018). 
 10.8 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 3 to Loan Documents, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and among Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC, Capital One, National Association and UBS Bank USA as Lenders, and Capital One, National Association as Administrative Agent filed herewith. 
 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Form of Custody Agreement dated as of October 30, 2015 by and between Newtek Business Services Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Newtek Business Services Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 (File No. 814-01035) filed on November 5, 2015. 
 10.10 
 Membership Purchase Agreement, dated July 23, 2015, by and among Newtek Business Services Corp., Newtek Business Services Holdco1, Inc., Premier Payments LLC and Jeffrey Rubin (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01035), filed on July 29, 2015). 
 10.11 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Loan Documents, dated as of June 24, 2019, by and among Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC, and UBS Bank USA, as lender, and Capital One, National Association as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 24, 2019). 
 10.1 2 
 Credit Agreement dated November 8, 2018, by and among Universal Processing Services of Wisconsin LLC and Premier Payments LLC, and the several banks and other parties from time to time parties thereto as lenders and Webster Bank, National Association. (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit k.6 to Newtek s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-224976, filed December 14, 2018). 
 10.1 3 
 Parent Guaranty Agreement, dated November 8, 2018, by and among the Company and Webster Bank, National Association. (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit k.7 to Newtek s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-224976, filed December 14, 2018). 
 10.1 4 
 Limited Liability Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2018, by and between Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. and Conventional Lending TCP Holdings LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 29, 2018). 
 10. 15 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 4 to Loan Documents, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and among Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC, Capital One, National Association and UBS Bank USA as Lenders and Capital One, National Association as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 11, 2020). 
 10. 16 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Newtek Business Services Corp. and the Sellers named in Schedule A thereto (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 2, 2021). 
 10. 17 
 Mortgage Warehouse Loan and Security Agreement, by and between NBL SPV III, LLC and One Florida Bank, dated September 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Newtek s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 (File No. 814-010305), filed November 12, 2021). 
 10. 18 
 Master Repurchase Agreement, by and between NBL SPV II, LLC and Deutsche Bank AG, dated March 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Newtek s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 (File No. 814-010305), filed November 12, 2021). 
 
 10. 19 
 Employment Agreement by and between Newtek One and Nicolas Young dated as of January 6, 2023, filed herewith. 
 10. 20 
 Employment Agreement by and between NewtekOne and Barry Sloane, dated March 1, 2023 filed herewith. 
 10. 21 
 Employment Agreement by and between NewtekOne and Michael A. Schwartz, dated March 1, 2023, filed herewith. 
 10.2 2 
 Employment Agreement by and between NewtekOne and Nicholas Leger , dated March 1, 2023, filed herewith. 
 10. 2 3 
 Employment Agreement by and between Newtek Small Business Finance and Peter Downs, dated March 1, 2023, filed herewith. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 14.1 
 Code of Ethics (Previously filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-191499) filed on November 3, 2014, and incorporated by reference herein). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant filed herewith. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 23.2 
 Consent of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 23.3 
 Consent of the Independent Auditor with respect to Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 31.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, furnished herewith. 
 31.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, furnished herewith. 
 32.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 32.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 99.1 
 Financial Statements of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (audited) filed herewith. 
 99.2 
 Financial Statements of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (audited) filed herewith. 
 99.3 
 Financial Statements of Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (audited) filed herewith. 
 99 . 4 
 Financial Statements of Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (audited) filed herewith. 
 99. 5 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Supplemental Information filed herewith. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NEWTEKONE, INC. Date: March 15, 2023 By: / S / B ARRY S LOANE 
 Barry Sloane Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 15, 2023 By: / S / N ICHOLAS L EGER 
 Nicholas Leger Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date / S / B ARRY S LOANE 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 15, 2023 Barry Sloane / S / N ICHOLAS L EGER 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 15, 2023 Nicholas Leger /S/ RICHARD SALUTE Director March 15, 2023 Richard Salute /S/ SALVATORE MULIA Director March 15, 2023 Salvatore Mulia /S/ GREGORY ZINK Director March 15, 2023 Gregory Zink /S/ PETER DOWNS Director March 15, 2023 Peter Downs /S/ FERNANDO PEREZ-HICKMAN Director March 15, 2023 Fernando Perez-Hickman /S/ HALLI RAZON-FEINGOLD Director March 15, 2023 Halli Razon-Feingold 

120 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Table of Contents 
 PAGE NO. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 11 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 12 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 348 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NewtekOne, Inc. (formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp.) 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of NewtekOne, Inc and its subsidiaries, formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements), and the financial statement schedules of the Company listed in Item 15(a)(2). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of SBA unguaranteed and guaranteed non-affiliate investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the borrowers and by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies from the borrowers were not received, and with respect to existence procedures related to controlled and non-controlled investments, by tracing to purchase agreements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 F-2 

Valuation of investments 
 As described in Notes 2, 3, 4 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s investments consist of privately held debt and equity instruments that lack observable market prices. All of the Company s investments (except SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments) are measured at fair value using unobservable inputs and assumptions, and as such the Company s investments (except SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are classified as level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 6. Determining the fair value of the Level 3 investments requires management to make significant judgments about the valuation methodologies (e.g. market approach vs. income approach) and inputs and assumptions used in the fair value calculation, including, but not limited to, revenue and EBITDA multiples, market yields, discounts for lack of marketability, underlying cash flows, and the impact of economic conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total Level 3 investments had a fair value of 769.3 million and 658.7 million, respectively. 
 
 We identified the valuation of level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select and apply valuation techniques and assumptions, the high degree of auditor judgment involved, and the extensive audit effort involved in testing the valuations. Our audit procedures related to the valuation of the Company s level 3 investments included the following, among others: 
 
 Controlled investments 
 
 We obtained an understanding of and evaluated the methods and assumptions management used to value the Company s investment portfolio. 
 We performed an evaluation of certain valuation inputs (e.g. portfolio company revenue and EBITDA) used in the Company s December 31, 2022 and 2021 valuations by comparing those key inputs used in the prior year valuation to portfolio companies prior year audited financial statements and/or schedules prepared by the portfolio companies for a sample of investments. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of information used in the valuations through inspection of portfolio company financial statements and/or schedules prepared by the portfolio company. 
 We obtained management s valuation analyses and considered the qualitative considerations made in determining each valuation, including, but not limited to, understanding portfolio company outlook, underlying cash flows, macroeconomic factors, liquidity and leverage characteristics, and other factors. We then compared this information to the valuation calculation in assessing the reasonableness of the fair value calculations. 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the methods and assumptions used by management, including the validity of observable market data used in the valuation (e.g. comparable guideline public company multiples) as well as market yields (including discounts for lack of marketability). Additionally, we considered the external specialist report engaged by management in valuing certain of the Company s privately held investments. 
 
 SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments Accrual and Non-accrual loans 
 
 We obtained an understanding of and evaluated the methods and assumptions management uses to value the SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments accrual and non-accrual loans. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of information used in the valuations by agreeing the total amount of schedules to the trial balance. 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the methods and assumptions used by management in the valuation of accrual loans (discount rate, default rate, prepayment rate, cost of servicing, etc.) and performed a recalculation for a sample of loans to ensure validity of the valuation model. 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the methods and assumptions used by management in the valuation of non-accrual loans (prepayment rate, probability of default, time to liquidate and discount rate). 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we developed independent estimates to evaluate the reasonableness of the fair market value of collateral used by management in the valuation of non-accrual loans for a sample of loans. Additionally, we recalculated the present value of expected cashflows and compared it with the value of loans determined by management. 
 
 F-3 

Valuation of Servicing assets 
 As described in Notes 2, 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, servicing assets are measured at fair value. The Company s servicing assets are measured at fair value using unobservable inputs and assumptions, and as such the Company s servicing assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 6. Determining the fair value of the Level 3 servicing assets requires management to make significant judgments about the valuation methodologies and inputs and assumptions used in the fair value calculation, including, but not limited to, discount rate, servicing costs, default rate, prepayment rate, and the impact of economic conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total Level 3 servicing assets had a fair value of 30.27 million and 28.01 million respectively. 
 
 We identified the valuation of servicing assets as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select and apply valuation techniques and assumptions, the high degree of auditor judgment involved, and the extensive audit effort involved in testing the valuations. Our audit procedures related to the valuation of the servicing assets included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of and evaluated the methods and assumptions management uses to value the servicing assets. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of information used in the valuations by agreeing the total principal balance of the loans sold in the schedules to the loan subledger. 
 With the assistance of externally engaged valuation specialist, developed an independent estimate of fair value for servicing assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We reviewed the significant assumptions (e.g. discount rate, prepayment rate, default rate and servicing cost) used by externally engaged valuation specialist for reasonableness. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 March 15, 2023 

F-4 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp.'s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

March 15, 2023 
 F-5 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Investments, at fair value SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments (cost of and , respectively; includes and , respectively, related to securitization trusts) 
 SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments (cost of and , respectively) 
 Controlled investments (cost of and , respectively) 
 Non-control investments (cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments, at fair value Cash Restricted cash Broker receivable Due from related parties Servicing assets, at fair value Right of use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Liabilities: Bank notes payable 2024 Notes, net (par: and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Note 8) 
 2025 6.85 Notes, net (par: and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Note 8) 
 2025 5.00 Notes, net (par: and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Note 8) 
 2026 Notes, net (par: and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Note 8) 
 Notes payable - Securitization trusts, net (par: and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Note 8) 
 Notes payable - related parties Due to related parties Lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Due to participants Derivative instruments Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 Net assets: Preferred stock (par value per share; authorized shares, shares issued and outstanding) 
 Common stock (par value per share; authorized shares, and issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated undistributed earnings Total net assets 
 F-6 

Total liabilities and net assets Net asset value per common share 
 F-7 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income From non-affiliate investments: Interest income - PPP loans Interest income - SBA 7(a) loans Servicing income Other income Total investment income from non-affiliate investments From non-control investments: Interest income Dividend income Total investment income from non-control investments From controlled investments: Interest income Dividend income Other income Total investment income from controlled investments Total investment income Expenses: Salaries and benefits Interest Depreciation and amortization Professional fees Origination and loan processing Origination and loan processing - related party Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities Loss on extinguishment of debt Other general and administrative costs Total expenses Net investment (loss) income ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses): Net realized gain on non-affiliate investments - SBA 7(a) loans Net realized loss on controlled investments ) Net realized gain on derivative transactions Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments ) ) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on controlled investments ) Change in deferred taxes ) ) Net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on derivative transactions ) Net realized and unrealized gains Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per share Net investment (loss) income per share ) 
 F-8 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Dividends and distributions declared per common share Weighted average number of shares outstanding 
 F-9 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (In Thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Increase in net assets: Net investment gain (loss) ) Net realized gain on investments Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Dividends to common stockholders ) ) ) Capital share transactions: Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Stock-based compensation expense Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Net increase in net assets from capital share transactions Total (decrease) increase in net assets ) Net assets at beginning of year Net assets at end of year Common shares outstanding at end of year Capital share activity: Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan Shares issued in connection with sales of common stock Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Restricted shares issued under Equity Incentive Plan, net of forfeitures Net increase in capital share activity 
 F-10 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In Thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on controlled investments ) ) Net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on non-affiliate investments ) Net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on derivative transactions ) Net realized (gains) losses on controlled investments Net realized gains on non-affiliate investments - SBA 7(a) loans ) ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization of deferred financing costs Change in deferred income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization Purchase of guaranteed SBA loans ) ) ) Purchase of loans from affiliate ) Sale of loans to affiliate Funding of guaranteed non-affiliate SBA loans ) ) ) Funding of unguaranteed non-affiliate SBA loans ) ) ) Funding of controlled investments ) ) ) Funding of non-control/affiliate investment ) Proceeds from sale of non-affiliate SBA loans Principal received on SBA non-affiliate investments Principal received from controlled investments Principal received from non-control investments Return of investment from controlled investments Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Broker receivable ) Due to/from related parties ) Other assets ) Due to participants ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Capitalized servicing asset ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of fixed assets ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings (repayments) on bank notes payable ) Proceeds from common shares sold, net of offering costs Net proceeds (repayments) under related party line of credit ) 
 F-11 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In Thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Proceeds from 2024 Notes Proceeds from 2025 6.85 Notes Proceeds from 2025 5.00 Notes Proceeds from 2026 Notes Redemption of 2023 Notes ) Redemption of 2025 6.85 Notes ) Payments on Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts ) ) ) Issuance of Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts Dividends paid, net of dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) Additions to deferred financing costs ) ) ) Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash beginning of year (Note 2) Cash and restricted cash end of year (Note 2) Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: Foreclosed real estate acquired Issuance of common shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

F-12 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Chad Dorsey Design (#) 1316 Slocum St, Dallas, TX 75207 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2047 David Wayne Inc and EZ Holding Co (#) 2441 S 25 W, Franklin, IN 46131 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2047 Hazleton Oil Environmental, Inc. (#) 300 Tamaqua St., Hazleton, PA 18201 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2032 F B Rubberized, Inc. (#) 37 Washburn St., New Bedford, MA 02740 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2047 The Aerial Loft LLC (#) 267 Horton Hwy., Mineola, NY 11501 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2032 JBM Hospitality Group LLC dba Rise N Roll Bakery and DeliRise N Roll (#) 9263 E US Hwy. 36, Avon, IN 46123 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2032 Stainless Depot Associates (#) 214 NW 9th Ter., Homestead, FL 33030 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2047 Burchardt Enterprises of Texas, LLC dba True Value Hardware (#) 5900-12 Bosque Blvd., Waco, TX 76710 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2032 Sunshine Bright Academy, LLC (#) 740 Greenville Blvd SE, Greenville, NC 27858 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2047 Comungas Creation LLC (#) 1628 Vermont Rte 125, Hancock, VT 05748 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 E5 Pharma, LLC (#) 225 NE Mizner Blvd, Boca Raton, FL 33432 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 Sho-Air International, Inc. (#) 4325 Etiwanda Ave, Jurupa Valley, CA 91752 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 One Shield Security Services LLC (#) 3145 Tiger Run Ct, Carlsbad, CA 92010 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 Helix Biotech, Inc. (#) 1460 Breda Dr, Knoxville, TN 37918 Chemical Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2047 AARR Corp dba WOLFE INDIA BAZAR (#) 854 Old San Francisco Rd., Sunnyvale, CA 94086 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 Vibey.com LLC, Trinity Print Media Inc and Turtle Media Group LLC (#) 1001 W Cleveland St, Tampa, FL 33606 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 MLM Worldwide LTD (#) 15067 Encanto Dr., Sherman Oaks, CA 91403 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 Traiden, Inc. dba Ace Handy Services East (#) 755 Longleaf Blvd., Lawrenceville, GA 30046 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 Anthony S, Costanzo dba Dent Co (#) 753 County Rd. 565, Augusta, NJ 07822 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 Longhorn Solar Corporation (#) 1421 West Wells Branch Pkwy., Ste. 110, Pflugerville, TX 78660 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 US Dedicated LLC (#) 13410 SE 26th Cir., Vancouver, WA 98683 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 
 F-13 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Sherwood Works LLC dba Puroclean of Romeoville (#) 1280 Meyer Ct., Naperville, IL 60564 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 Clore Equipment, LLC (#) 21220 FM 1420, Harlingen, TX 78550 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 JC's Tall Glass Inc dba The Hive Bar Grill (#) 2412 Floral Rd, Lake Worth, FL 33426 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2047 Informa Solutions, Inc dba Analytics Intell (#) 20 Timber Ridge Dr., Huntington, NY 11743 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 Straight Up Nuts Inc. (#) 1518 Nature Ct., Winter Springs, FL 32708 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 Copple Show Horses Inc (#) 9141 178th Ave SW, Rochester, WA 98579 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2032 Phil-Am Trading, Inc (#) 324 Hoboken Ave., Jersey City, NJ 07306 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2032 Fredrick Lee Press Plumbing, LLC dba Fred s Plumbing (#) 9056 FM1641, Terrell, TX 75160 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2032 RSD Construction, LLC (#) 8695 Sand Pebble Ct., Hebron, MD 21830 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2032 The Fifty Fifty Group, Inc. dba Lola Products (#) 241 Main St 5th Floor, Hackensack, NJ 07601 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2032 Stillwater Grill, LLC (#) 328 East St, Stafford Springs, CT 06076 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2047 ICON Technical Inc dba CON Technical Solutions (#) 24274 North 170th Ln., Surprise, AZ 85387 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2032 RG and E Foods LLC dba Food Trip (#) 230 E. Betteravia Rd., Unit F, Santa Maria, CA 93454 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2032 Anopitse Ventures, LLC dba Kukuruku Crispy Chicken (#) 8950 US-64, Lakeland, TN 38002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2033 Adil Ghumman dba Cold Stone Creamery (#) 4700 Freeport Blvd, Sacramento, CA 95822 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2033 Zen Japanese Bistro LLC (#) 1703 N Causeway Blvd, Mandeville, LA 70471 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 CALORIQUE, LLC and Augusta Glen Partners LLC (#) 2380 Cranberry Hwy., West Wareham, MA 02576 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Electric bricks Inc dba Bricks and Minifigs Avondale (#) 1721 North Dysart Rd., Avondale, AZ 85392 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 It Takes a Village Child Care LLC (#) 617A Buck St,, Pembroke, NH 03275 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 The Abacus Oasis, LLC dba Abacus Oasis TAO Bookkeeping (#) 4510 South East Howe St., Milwaukie, OR 97222 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Max Rosin Associates, Inc. (#) 39 West 14th St., Ste. 304, New York, NY 10011 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Energy Shield USA, LLC (#) 4209 Clay Ave, Haltom City, TX 76117 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 
 F-14 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

WBG Engineering, Inc. dba Genxc Engineering (#) 12855 SW 132nd St., Miami, FL 33186 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Cortez Landscaping and General Contractor LLC (#) 215 Ct.land Ave., Stamford, CT 06906 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 iConique Visualz Limited Company dba Kioko (#) 1872-A Canon Blvd, Newport News, VA 23606 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Florida PPE Services, LLC (#) 970 Sunshine :Ln., Units J/K, Altamonte Springs, FL 32714 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Palazzo Iron Doors Inc. (#) 1551 S. Greenwood Ave., Montebello, CA 90640 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 Asago, LLC (#) 2113 Pecos St, Mission, TX 78572 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2032 JLS Electric Company LLC (#) 956 English Hollow Dr, Bandera, TX 78003 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Valley Brook Equestrian Center, LLC (#) 1132 El Centro Ave, Napa, CA 94558 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Hospitality Heating Air Conditioning, Inc. (#) 956 E Black St, Rock Hill, SC 29730 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 SweatWorks LLC (#) 901 N Glebe Rd 5th Floor, Arlington, VA 22203 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Escape Brewing Company, LLC (#) 9945 Trinity Blvd, Trinity, FL 34655 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Littlefield's Paint Body Inc. and Delmont R. Littlefield (#) 1630 Parade Cir, Deland, FL 32724 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Kreative Kutz LLC dba KREATIVE KUTZ BARBER SHOP (#) 865 Cassat Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32205 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 HRI AC and Gas Services, LLC (#) 1891 Elsa St., Naples, FL 34109 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Avery11 Construction LLC dba Amos Construction (#) 106006 Wiser Pkwy., Kennewick, WA 99338 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2032 C.S. Legacy Construction (#) 675 S Brea Canyon Rd, Walnut, CA 91789 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2032 Peppermint Plantation, Inc. (#) 1300 North Big Spring St., Midland, TX 79701 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2032 Alpha Global Partners LLC (#) 4999 Kahala Ave., Unit #472, Honolulu, HI 96816 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2032 Valley Veterinary Service, Inc. and Kayla McCrone (#) 7374 20 1-2 Ave, Lemoore, CA 93245 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2047 Total Cyber Solutions, LLC dba Total Cyber Academy (#) 4021 University Dr, Fairfax, VA 22030 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2032 LHC, LLC dba Tendril Herbal Apothecary and Healing Center, LLC (#) 530 Main St., Sandpoint, ID 83864 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2032 
 F-15 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Grand Blanc Lanes, Inc (#) 5301 S. Saginaw Rd., Flint, MI 48507 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2032 JHB ENGINEERING PLLC (#) 400 Rella Blvd., Ste. 165, Montebello, NY 10901 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2032 Diamond Cut Auto Detail, LLC (#) 3405-3421 Fowler St, Fort Myers, FL 33901 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2047 JRG SERVICES IL LLC (#) 4325 Schofield Dr., Oswego, IL 60543 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2032 Pacific Force Consulting Group LLC (#) 6142 Rising Cir., North Las Vegas, NV 89031 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2032 RP DEFENSE LAW, APC (#) 16861 Ventura Blvd., Ste. 305, Encino, CA 91436 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2032 Looma Space Inc. (#) 2065 Palos Verdes Dr. North, Lomita, CA 90717 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2032 Integris Roofing, Inc. (#) 1174 Yellowstone Dr., Lake Arrowhead, CA 92352 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2032 Kaitlyn J Gasiamis dba Kaitlyn Jeanne Salon (#) 439 N West Rd., Lombard, IL 60148 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2032 Tema Homecare Services, LLC (#) 1404 Beatties Ford Rd., Charlotte, NC 28216 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Mile High Sprinkler and Landscaping, Ltd (#) 2555 South Sante F Dr., Denver, CO 80222 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Volant Custom Builders LLC (#) 450 Gerber Rd, Volant, PA 16156 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Alkemy Ice Cream, LLC (#) 260 Main St., Huntington, NY 11743 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2033 Aqui Bar and Backyard, LLC (#) 511 NE 3rd Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Jeff's Roofing Inc. dba Allphase Storage (#) 1868 NE 39th Ct, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Mike Judy Presents LLC (#) 84 S Ridgewynd Ct, Lake Saint Louis, MO 63367 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 THOMPSON FAMILY FIRM, P.A. (#) 1217 E Robinson St, Orlando, FL 32801 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Front Office Solutions LLC,1209 Adams LLC and Jeremy Kilpatrick (#) 1209 Adams Ave, La Grande, OR 97850 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 American Access Industries Services Inc (#) 4120 Dr. Greaves Rd, Grandview, MO 64030 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 SPIG INDUSTRY, LLC (#) 14675 Industrial Park Rd., Bristol, VA 24202 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2047 Whole Sol Group Holdings LLC dba Whole Sol Blend Bar (#) 1420 Pearl St., Boulder, CO 80302 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 OFR, Inc (#) 1607 Simpson St., Kingsburg, CA 93631 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 
 F-16 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

JOH, Inc dba Morris Wholesale Nursery (#) 1909 Patterson Rd., Riverbank, CA 95367 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Stroud's Building Supply, LLC (#) 403 E Fleming Dr, Morganton, NC 28655 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2047 JJ B INVESTMENTS LLC and HAPPY LAKE LIFE LLC (#) 5028 Lake Rd East, Geneva on the Lake, OH 44041 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2047 Bassett's Cricket Ranch, Inc and Bassett Ranches (#) 365 S Mariposa Ave, Visalia, CA 93292 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2047 Veear Projects Inc and Predictive Business Intelligence Inc (#) 4695 Chabot Dr., Pleasanton, CA 94588 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2032 Dr. Ginger's Health Care Products LLC (#) 1815 W Crest Ln, Phoenix, AZ 85027 Chemical Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2032 PA Epoxy Inc;Epoxy Depot Everglades Inc;Epoxy Depot Ohio, Inc. (#) 654 W Main St., Palmyra, PA 17078 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2032 AERGO APPRAISAL, INC (#) 29718 226th Ave SE, Black Diamond, WA 98010 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2032 Real House Inc and BFM Main St LLC (#) 95 Grove St, Montclair, NJ 07042 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2047 A-1 HEART MONITORING, LLC (#) 361 Atlantic Ave, East Rockaway, NY 11518 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2047 Arshad Limo LLC (#) 1870 aka 26 Charles St., Merrick, NY 11566 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2032 Above Construction Group (#) 2801 Coliseum St, Los Angeles, CA 90018 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2032 Prodigy Scientific (#) 7098 Miratech D, San Diego, CA 92121 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2032 C A Empire LLC (#) 13825 W Alderny Ct, Wichita, KS 67235 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2047 Twim Corp dba I Fix Detroit (#) 16401 E Warren Ave, Detroit, MI 48224 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2032 Fact Finder Forensics Inc. (#) 1299 N 7th St, Philadelphia, PA 19122 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2032 Duo Studios, Inc dba The Credit People (#) 1 E Erie St ste 525 303, Chicago, IL 60611 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2032 NGAA, inc dba Royal Pizza (#) 1001 Boston Providence Hwy, Norwood, MA 02062 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 VITA10 IV THERAPY, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (#) 3321 Colorado Blvd, Denton, TX 76210 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 CASWELL BAY,INC and Jesse Walters dba Hillendale Home Care (#) 2950 Buskirk Ave, Walnut Creek, CA 94597 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 SLATE- A RUSTIC TAVERN LLC (#) 2401 NY-10, Caroga Lake, NY 12032 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2047 
 F-17 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

ONE FAT FROG, INCORPORATED (#) 2416 Sand Lake Rd, Orlando, FL 32809 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 Rojas Tree Service LLC (#) 5180 Oaktree Trail, Stonecrest, GA 30038 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 Grisly Manor LLC dba Dynamic Augmented Solutions (#) 11107 Trenton Ct, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91701 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 Marschand Motor Cars, Limited Co (#) 300 Jonesboro Rd., McDonough, GA 30253 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 BROWN AUTOMOTIVE LLC dba Saville's Service Center (#) 37251 E Richards Ln., Purcellville, VA 20132 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2032 American Off-Road Customs LLC (#) 5115 Dean Martin Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2032 MHETRA LLC (#) 848 Brickell Ave., Penthouse 5, Miami, FL 33131 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2032 TDI Partners LLC (#) 401 E Las Olas Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2032 Valenzuela Service Group LLC dba The Cutting Edge Waco (#) 2301 Washington Ave, Waco, TX 76701 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2032 CAPISTRANO GEAR COMPANY, INC dba Aamco Total Care Care (#) 33990 Doheny Park Rd, Dana Point, CA 92624 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2032 John S James (#) 299 Broadway,Floor 17, New York, NY 10007 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2032 Performance Consulting LLC and Daryl Pater (#) 1539a Ashland City Rd, Clarksville, TN 37040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2047 Performance Consulting LLC dba MAINSTREAM HEATING AND COOLING (#) 1539 Ashland City Rd Ste. A, Clarksville, TN 37040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2032 NRJ Holdings LLC (#) 525 Memory Ln., Antigo, WI 54409 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2047 Mi Cocina Inc and Saul Sierra dba Mi Cocina Inc (#) 1600 West Belleville Ave, Littleton, CO 80120 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2047 4 Your Peace of Mind, LLC (#) 435 Buckland Rd, South Windsor, CT 06074 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2032 Crystalizations Systems Inc. (#) Crystalizations Systems Inc., Holbrook, NY 11741 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 East Coast Food Services LLC (#) 2951 Bayshore Dr., Miami, FL 33133 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 Bakersfield Glass and Window Incorporated (#) 1030 Alta Vista Dr., Bakersfield, CA 93305 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2047 Grudziena, Inc. dba Hotworx Surf City (#) 112 Charlie Medlin Dr, Surf City, NC 28445 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2033 Teamania LLC, dba Teamania (#) 20280 N 59th Ave, Glendale, AZ 85308 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 
 F-18 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Gold Lion Music Inc. (#) 928 S. BROADWAY, Ste. 1002, Los Angeles, CA 90015 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 Matthew Paul DBA Cabinets Plus Refacing (#) 16651 Shadyridge Dr, Tyler, TX 75703 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 Legend Cookware LLC and Willo Island NY LLC (#) 46 Main St. #126, Monsey, NY 10952 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Stevens Aviation and Parts LLC dba AERIAL SE (#) 1617 Freeman Mill Rd, Suffolk, VA 23438 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2048 Porto Pavino LLC (#) 1300 Wheaton Ave, Millville, NJ 08332 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 PlumbWise, Inc. (#) 895 Branch Dr., Alpharetta, GA 30040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 RDS Investments, Inc. (#) 19677 Grover St., Omaha, NE 68130 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Schwartz's Pallet LLC (#) 52240 County Rd. 35, Bristol, IN 46507 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 BAKER INC dba Baker's Paint and Body Shop (#) 903 3rd Ave. W, Palmetto, FL 34221 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Kelly N. Eberle, dba Kelly Nicole Salon (#) 931 W Liberty Dr., Wheaton, IL 60187 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Blue Strategies Group LLC (#) 4465 E Paradise Village Pkwy. S, Unit #1131, Phoenix, AZ 85032 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Brea Construction LLC (#) 1420 N Cumberland St., Metairie, LA 70003 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Red Thread Brands, LLC (#) 3922 South East 28th Pl., Portland, OR 97202 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Rabits Romano Architecture, Inc. dba Rabits Romano Architecture (#) 5205 S Orange Ave, Edgewood, FL 32809 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Pricetone Entertainment LLC (#) 3200 N San Fernando Blvd, Burbank, CA 91504 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2032 MAJIC TOUCH WINDOW TINTING INC. (#) 6623 West 111th Strret, Worth, IL 60482 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2032 Shea Grace Wellness LLC (#) 18 Blyman Ct, Trenton, NJ 08690 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2033 Smash Ink Design, Inc. (#) 445B S Blackstock Rd, Spartanburg, SC 29301 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2032 West 7th Corp dba Piscataway Auto Truck Repair and Charles Lehmann (#) 1801 West 7th St, Piscataway, NJ 08854 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2047 Irydescents Inc. (#) 12953 Carriage Rd, Poway, CA 92064 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2032 E A CORBETT ENTERPRISES LLC dba Your Pie - Lee Vista (#) 4425 Carolwood St., Orlando, FL 32812 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2032 
 F-19 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Post American Fine Art LP (#) 1810 E Sahara Ave, Ste. 455, Las Vegas, NV 89104 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2032 Elle Medical Aesthetics and Welness, LLC (#) 500 Commonwealth Ave, Boston, MA 02215 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2047 Auburn Downtown Limo L.L.C. (#) 430 W Glenn Ave, Auburn, AL 36832 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/11/2032 Vosges Holdings, LLC (#) 2950 N Oakley, Chicago, IL 60618 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2032 Armstrong Law, PLLC (#) 624 Elk St, Gassaway, WV 26624 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2047 Mosley and Associates Consulting, LLC (#) 491 Glendalough Pl SW, Atlanta, GA 30310 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2032 K Broussard Industries LLC (#) 3188 Carbide Dr, Sulphur, LA 70665 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2032 Evolve Foot and Woundcare P.L.L.C (#) 27 Hospital Ave., Danbury, CT 06810 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2047 Integrity Home Care Corporation (#) 8954 Reseda Blvd, Ste. 201, Northridge, CA 91324 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2032 Harness Power, Inc. (#) 439 E Harrison St, Corona, CA 92879 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2032 A. Diamond Production, Inc. dba The Fulton Shop (#) 2150 Cesar Chavez St, San Francisco, CA 94124 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2032 GJS APPRAISAL SERVICES LLC (#) 200 Hoover Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89101 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 Educational Equity Services, LLC (#) 9382 Pep Rally Ln, Waldorf, MD 20603 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 GARRELTS GLASS LLC (#) 18018 SW Hopkins Switch Rd., Douglass, KS 67039 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 CAN'T RANCH, LLC (#) 2302 Henderson Way, Plant City, FL 33563 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 Ray s Big Top Tents, Inc (#) 1320 Belmar Dr, Louisville, KY 40213 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 L L Operations; Jennifer E. Symons and John M. Symons (#) 656 Lakeside Dr, Rock Hill, SC 29730 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 East Rock Construction, LLC (#) 4333 Still Ct, Slatington, PA 18080 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 Peggs Designs LLC (#) 812 NE 16th St, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 N A Express Inc (#) 13209 Sharondale Ct., Riverview, FL 33579 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 Loving Life LLC (#) 2 Mechanic St, Pawcatuck, CT 06379 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 International Business Deals, Inc. dba Glass Doctor (#) 80 Wyche Rd, Stafford, VA 22554 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 
 F-20 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

DE Luxury Event Planning Rentals LLC,De Lux Enterprises Inc (#) 985 Arnet Ave, Union, NJ 07083 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2047 Nautigirl Beachwear Inc and Anthony Rate (#) 216 2nd St N, St. Petersburg, FL 33701 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 A L Associates LLC dba Floor coverings international of Sugarland (#) 4240 Bluebonnet Dr., Stafford, TX 77477 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2032 US Trusted Towing, Inc (#) 1000 W. Horsetooth Rd., Fort Collins, CO 80526 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2032 Prevail Practices, PLLC dba Prevail Physical Therapy (#) 17012 Aurora Ave North, Shoreline, WA 98133 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2032 Hexaider Technologies LLC (#) 555 Winderley Pl. Ste. 300, Maitland, FL 32751 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2032 Solcium Solar LLC (#) 302 S Oak Ave, Sanford, FL 32771 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2032 Eyecare on the Square, LLC and Clear Eyes Aesthetics, LLC (#) 6833 Wooster Pike, Cincinnati, OH 45227 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 ROOF IT RIGHT, LLC and THE RIGHT INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC (#) 1452 Hugh Ave Ste. 1, Louisville, KY 40213 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2047 B B Cars, LLC and Bret Parkinson (#) 4144 S State St, Millcreek, UT 84107 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 Billion Tower Int'l, LLC (#) 240 W40th St., 5th Floor, New York, NY 10018 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 Goff Heat and Air LLC (#) 927 W Veterans Memorial Hwy, Blanchard, OK 73010 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 Global Fashion Works, LLC dba Flying Colors Apparel (#) 7513 Connelley Dr. Ste. A, Hanover, MD 21076 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 ES A, INC., A LAW CORPORATION (#) 1003 Bishop St, Ste. 2750, Honolulu, HI 96813 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 Goshen House Trading LLC and ATSU AGBETSI (#) 4310 Pennwood Rd, Brentwood, MD 20722 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2048 Sitas Sweets LLC (#) 2600 W 9 Mile Rd., Pensacola, FL 32534 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2032 Mankind, L.L.C. (#) 2741 Patterson rd sw,, Pataskala, OH 43062 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 McQueen Companies LLC dba McQueen Building Company (#) 1105 Boyce Rd., Pittsburgh, PA 15241 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2047 Global One Media, Inc (#) 6605 Grand Montecito Pkwy, Las Vegas, NV 89149 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Global One Media, Inc (#) 6605 Grand Montecito Pkwy, Las Vegas, NV 89149 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2047 Parkway-Kew Corporation (#) 2095 Execelsior Ave, North Brunswick, NJ 08902 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 
 F-21 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Learn2speak.net LLC (#) 12768 Wood Trail Blvd., TAMPA, FL 33625 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Nevada Winshield Repair, LLC dba Superglass Windshield Repair Nevada (#) 2300 W Sahara Ave Ste. 800, Las Vegas, NV 89102 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Kevin Concannon LLC dba E.M. Diagnostics (#) 4840 E Salida Del Sol Pl, Tucson, AZ 85718 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Global One Media, Inc (#) 6605 Grand Montecito Pkwy, Las Vegas, NV 89149 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2047 RightTalents LLC (#) 639 Passaic Ave, Nutley, NJ 07110 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Prometheus Retail Solutions (#) 1211 San Simeon Dr., Roseville, CA 95661 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Eleven11, LLC dba Eleven11 Event Studio (#) 27690 Middlebelt Rd, Farmington Hills, MI 48334 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Sanderson Associates LLC (#) 198 Cemetery St., Winder, GA 30680 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Common Interest Investment Group LLC dba Sky Zone of Columbus GA (#) 3716 Gentian Blvd., Columbus, GA 31907 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Daze Salon Suites LLC (#) 1310 E Broadway Rd Ste. 102, Tempe, AZ 85282 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2033 Five Churches By The Bay, LLC;Five Churches Brewing LLC (#, 215 Main St., Niantic, CT 06357 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2032 Parkway-Kew Corporation and Extreme Performance Technology, LLC (#) 2095 Execelsior Ave, North Brunswick Township, NJ 08902 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2047 California Recovery Center LLC (#) 423 Oak St, Roseville, CA 95678 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2032 Brooklyn Magazine, LLC (#) 226 Prospect Park West # 175, Brooklyn, NY 11215 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2032 Inpowered, Inc (#) 584 Castro St, San Francisco, CA 94114 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2032 J A Fitness LLC dba ANYTIME FITNESS (#) 914- 948 Lee St, Jefferson, GA 30549 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2033 Mariposa Group LLC dba YogaSix Bellevue (#) 8131 Sawyer Brown Rd, Nashville, TN 37221 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2033 The DRT Agency Inc (#) 6026 Castlebrook Dr., Castro Valley, CA 94552 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2032 SLCP Transport, LLC dba AAMCO Transmission (#) 111 Brentwood Dr. E, College Station, TX 77840 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2047 Sharleen D. Spohn dba BS Wholesales (#) 330 N. Reading Rd., Ephrata, PA 17522 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2032 Mixed Up Cakes LLC (#) 42978 Lost Farm Ter., Leesburg, VA 20175 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2032 
 F-22 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Sierra Care LLC (#) 101 Smith Dr., Ste. 2, Cranberry Township, PA 16066 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2047 GETTYSBURG CLEANER, LLC (#) 12 Springs Ave, Gettysburg, PA 17325 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 Wine 702 LLC dba The Wine Emporium (#) 702 Bridgeport Ave, Shelton, CT 06484 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 ORMENO ENTERPRISES, LLC dba A and B Muffler Plus (#) 1924 N Galloway Ave, Mesquite, TX 75149 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 The studio pilates Az LLC DBA Sultivate (#) 468 S Main St, Cottonwood, AZ 86326 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 Beard Health Inc dba Prime IV Hydration and Wellness (#) 9747 E 21st St N, Ste. 139, Wichita, KS 67206 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2033 The SPA Sante and Salon, Inc (#) 153 E Holly St, Pasadena, CA 91101 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 McQueen Companies LLC, F.K.A. Farmhouse Luxe and Co. Limited Liability (#) 1105 Boyce Rd., Pittsburgh, PA 15241 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 In the Round LLC (#) 1305 Stratton Ave., Nashville, TN 37206 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 IDOCKET.COM, LLC (#) 447 Hickory St, Hereford, TX 79045 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 Building Shooters Technology LLC (#) 700 Church St. Apt 604, Nashville, TN 37203 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 ANDREA R. SLOSS dba Images By Andrea Rae (#) 3140 Black Oak Dr, Rocklin, CA 95765 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 The Better Pool Guy Home Solutions Inc (#) 4420 South Hwy. 27 Unit 8, Clermont, FL 34711 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 New London Ink, LLC (#) 90 Bank St., New London, CT 06320 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2032 Elexa Consumer Products, Inc (#) 126 E Wing St Ste. 379, Arlington Heights, IL 60004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2032 Net Retailers, Inc dba PatioContract (#) 980 N Michigan Ave, Chicago, IL 60611 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2032 Mambos CCP LLC and Mambos Holdings, LLC (#) 13770 Beach Blvd, Jacksonville, FL 32224 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2047 Mulder's Landscape Supplies, Inc. (#) 3333 Ravine Rd, Kalamazoo, MI 49006 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 Elite Lifting Service, LLC (#) 3 Garden Cove Dr., Key Largo, FL 33037 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 Muller Miles Trucking LLC (#) 14107 Newberry Grove Ln, Rosharon, TX 77583 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 Prime Time Coatings, Inc. (#) 202 E. 26th St., National City, CA 91950 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 
 F-23 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

KATEMOVES INC dba The Dance Academy at Costa Mesa (#) 4667 MacArthur Blvd Ste. 150, Newport Beach,, CA 92660 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 MYE Technologies, Inc A California Corp; MYE Technologies Inc (#) 25060 Ave. Stanford,Ste. #145, Valencia, CA 91355 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 Penny P Cook dba Cook Home (#) 1862 Florence Ave, Sanger, CA 93657 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 10/20/2047 Frederick Mayfield and Michael Pechar dba Vitraform, Inc (#) 4201 E 48th Ave, Denver, CO 80216 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/20/2032 Goodwood Brewing Company LLC dba Goodwood Brewing Co (#) 636 E Main St, Louisville, KY 40202 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/20/2032 Cedar Point Hardscapes Supply, LLC (#) 229 Pete Rd., Newport, NC 28570 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/20/2047 SAFER SCHOOL SOLUTIONS, LLC (#) 333 Las Olas Way, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/19/2032 Zenoff Products. Inc. (#) 1585 Creek St, San Marcos, CA 92078 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/19/2032 NELTA EQUIPMENT SALES AND GENERAL COMMERCE LLC (#) 14015 Foyt Dr, Mont Belvieu, TX 77523 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/19/2032 WRIGHT-DUNNIGAN, INC dba KCI SITE SERVICES (#) 671 Hedburg Way, Oakdale, CA 95361 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/18/2032 Bhavi Corp dba The Penn Stroud and DK Stroudsburg LLC (#) 700 Main St, Stroudsburg, PA 18360 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 10/18/2032 ORTIZ ORCHARD BRUSH SHREDDING AND ORTIZ SHREDDING HARVESTING (#) 1934 Johnson Ave, Dos Palos, CA 93620 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2032 Anna Marie's Fajita Shack LLC (#) 411 Marywood Dr, Henderson, KY 42420 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2032 A Younger You, PLLC (#) 1431 Orange Camp Rd., Ste. 115, DeLand, FL 32724 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 Psychonautic Entertainment dba : Hottest Hell Tours (#) 2520 Deers St, New Orleans, LA 70117 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 
 At Peace Logistics Inc dba The Exercise Coach (#) 10740 Green Harvest Dr., Riverview, FL 33578 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 MandM Lopez Corporation (#) 54 Kestrel, Irvine, CA 92618 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 Accent Tag Label, Inc (#) 2201 Rittenhouse St., Des Moines, IA 50321 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 Bay Environmental, Inc.and Mark Anthony Wev (#) 11261 Richmond Ave, Houston, TX 77082 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 
 F-24 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

David Brian McNamara dba Sidestreets Delicatessen (#) 2152 South Cochran Rd., Charlotte, MI 48813 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 GATORTURTLE, INC dba Window Genie of Destin, Ft Walton and Navarre (#) 7274 Mossy Oaks Dr, Navarre, FL 32566 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2032 Afrodisiac Enterprises LLC dba AFRODISIAC NOLA (#) 5363 Franklin ave, New Orleans, LA 70122 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2032 A R Marine, LLC and A R Marine Proprety Holdings, LLC (#) 10129 US-17, McClellanville, SC 29458 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2047 A R Marine, LLC dba Cape Romain Marine (#) 10129 Hwy 17, McClellanville, SC 29458 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2032 BARUCH AND PAGAN ASSOCIATES INC dba ROCKVILLE WINDOW DOOR (#) 8505 Muscatello Ct,, Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Urban Farm Mart Inc (#) 13863 S Military Trail, Delray Beach, FL 33484 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Yeren LLC (#) 347 5th Ave, New York, NY 10016 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Long Island Pool Care Corp (#) 50000 Main Rd., Southold, NY 11971 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Debra J Reid dba Golden State Specialties (#) 400 Park Center Dr #7, Hollister, CA 95023 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Five Star Aviation Enterprises Inc. (#) 2091 Dobbs Rd,, St. Augustine, FL 32086 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Valentine Productions LLC (#) 4-4382 Kuhio Hwy, Anahola, HI 96703 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2032 Trinity SB Ventures LLC, dba Trinity Property Management (#) 606 E Chippewa St., Paola, KS 66071 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2032 Francisco Jose Cordovez (#) 11113 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, FL 33181 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2032 R Babu Enterprise Inc (#) 316 E 3rd St., Ste. B, Los Angeles, CA 90013 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2032 Fritz Irrigation, Inc. (#) 4535 S.E. Basswood Ter., Stuart, FL 34997 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Finn MacCool's Irish Bar, LLC (#) 1127 Eldridge Pkwy Ste 600, Houston, TX 77077 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Poteat's Transmission Parts Inc (#) 1906 N Main St., Kannapolis, NC 28081 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Call's Community Pharmacy, LLC (#) 985 S Main St., Snowflake, AZ 85937 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Pickett Excavating, LLC (#) 3958 Ky Hwy 1032 E, Berry, KY 41003 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 T D ELECTRIC INC (#) 4211 Smithsonia Ct,, Tucker, GA 30084 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 
 F-25 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

123 GO DAYCARE INC. (#) 2558 Creston Ave., Apt GRI, Bronx, NY 10468 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Lily Beans Microroasted Coffee, LLC dba LilyBean Coffee Creamery (#) 108 E Warren St, Shelby, NC 28150 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Frozen Flavors, LLC dba Let it Be Ice Cream (#) 3127 Beach Blvd S, Gulfport, FL 33707 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2032 MK C, LLC and KMCptic L.L.C. (#) 96 South Main St., New Hope, PA 18938 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2047 Paradise Pools, Spas More, Inc. (#) 350 W Plz. Dr., Unit 3, Mooresville, NC 28117 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2032 Kooi Law Firm, LLC (#) 17665 Pebble Center Dr., Noblesville, IN 46062 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2032 One Love Jiu Jitsu LLC (#) 5255 S Decatur Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2032 F5 Athletics LLC (#) 1078 W 350 S, Syracuse, UT 84075 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2032 Master Auto Repair LLC (#) 4410 Lawrenceville Hwy. NW, Lilburn, GA 30047 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/4/2047 Sapphire Software Services, Inc (#) 1470 Englert Rd., Eagan, MN 55122 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2032 Faxon Enterprises Inc dba Henderson Fabrication (#, 3107 Nichols Ave, Bay City, TX 77414 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Studio 27 Inc (#) 2-6 Central Ave., Massapequa, NY 11758 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2047 Big Happy, Inc. (#) 17 E 48th St, New York, NY 10017 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Kompleye Attestation LLC (#) 10507 Patrician Woods Ct,, Great Falls, VA 22066 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 MB Construction Real Estate LLC (#) 5375 Katelyn Ave., Van Meter, IA 50261 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Dough Tally LLC dba DoubleDave's Pizzaworks - Sugar Land (#) 4875 Hwy. 6, Missouri City, TX 77459 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Dennis Mosley Equipment Services (#) 5386 Seth Cobb Rd., Lauderdale, MS 39335 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 FCA Construction LLC and Albert W. Courcelle, III (#) 5609 Crawford St, Elmwood, LA 70123 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 National Senior Benefit Advisors Inc (#) 4241 Jutland Dr., Ste. 101, San Diego, CA 92117 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 A.C. Development, LLC (#) 9804 Plowline Rd, Randallstown, MD 21133 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 La Michoacana El Rodeo Ice Cream Parlors, LLC (#) 770 E 6th St., Beaumont, CA 92223 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 G3 Florida Enterprises LLC dba Grumpy's Restaurant Company (#) 200 3rd St., Neptune Beach, FL 32266 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2033 
 F-26 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Cabridor LLC, Brian Dorick and Caroline Ziegler Dorick (#) 44 Manchester Ave, Forked River, NJ 08731 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2047 SE Iowa metals Recycling Inc dba Complete Recycling (#) 2140 Vetch Blvd, Lockridge, IA 52635 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Greene Legal Group LLC (#) 600 W Peachtree St. NW, Ste. 605, Atlanta, GA 30308 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 LDD Construction Inc (#) 3900 Allen Rd., Bakersfield, CA 93314 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Frosina, LLC (#) 1724 E 7th Ave, Tampa, FL 33605 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2032 Intelligent Security Systems Corporation (#) 1480 US-9, Woodbridge Township, NJ 07095 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 NC DRIVE THRU INC dba EZ Pass Drive Thru (#) 2200 South Evans St., Greenville, NC 27834 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2047 Air Bud Entertainment, Inc (#) 23410 Civic Center Way, Malibu, CA 90265 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Food Sales Midwest, LLC (#) 908 Wolfrum Glen Ct., St Peters, MO 63304 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 AMF Industrial LLC (#) 4612 nw 74th ave, Miami, FL 33166 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Blueprint Consulting Services, LLC dba Excelicon (#) 1444 I St NW, Washington, DC 20005 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 A2Z Automation Group LLC, (#) 13007 SW 68th Ter., Miami, FL 33183 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Using Design To Multiply Outcomes, LLC (#) 8211 E Cypress St, Scottsdale, AZ 85257 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 WALKING URGENT CARE, INC (#) 10308 W Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Water Damage Rescue Inc (#) 7232 Owensmouth Ave, Canoga Oark, CA 91303 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2047 Pitman Pharmacy Inc (#) 39 South Broadway, Pitman, NJ 08071 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Franklin Fitness, LLC dba Hotworx Studio (#) 2860 Chapel Hill Rd, Douglasville, GA 30135 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2033 Vision Construction Developers LLC (#) 805 Barkwood Ct Ste. G, Linthicum Heights, MD 21090 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Revolution Energy Services, Inc (#) 1217 Laurel Hill Rd, McDonald, PA 15057 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2032 Recovering Life Services, LLC (#) 155 Main Dunstable Rd. Ste. 130, Nashua, NH 03060 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2032 Marketplace Inc dba Wilbur Wholesale Foods (#) 818 Market St unit 102, Woodstock, GA 30188 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2032 Faith Memorial Chapel L.L.C. (#) 600 9th Ave. North, Bessemer, AL 35020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2047 
 F-27 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Elite Kidz LLC (#) 30 E Crossville Rd., Roswell, GA 30075 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2032 Bishopville Manor Management Group LLC and Bishopville 2779 LLC (#) 2779 US-15, Bishopville, SC 29010 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2047 Strumba Media LLC dba Miracle Noodle (#) 10275 Collins Ave. Apt 1034, Bal Harbour, FL 33154 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2032 Prosperity Flowers LLC dba Miracle Flowers (#) 610 E Bidwell St Ste. B, Folsom, CA 95630 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2032 Safety Restore Inc (#) 66 S Broad St, Westfield, MA 01085 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Battery Ninjas Inc.dba Interstate Batteries of Greater Georgia (#) 4563 Knight Rd., Macon, GA 31220 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Atizado Enterprises Incorporated dba Brian Atizado Homes (#, 361 Merchant St., Vacaville, CA 95688 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Teigen LLC (#) 90 Madison St., Denver, CO 80206 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Lex- Mar Service Inc (#) 12268 NW 106 Ct. Unit 12268, Medley, FL 33178 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2047 Rev It Up Pro Shop LLC and Jayson Paul Robarge (#) 3717 Minnesota Dr, Anchorage, AK 99503 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 25 Dials LLC (#) 4455 Earman Dr., Hilliard, OH 43026 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 ENERCON MANAGEMENT SERVICES LLC (#) 1142 Minnesota Ave, Kansas City, KS 66102 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2032 Hoot County Inc dba Hoot County Saloon (#) 15655 John F Kennedy Blvd, Houston, TX 77032 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2032 Center for Autism Behavior Analysis, LLC (#) 6363 S Pecos Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89120 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2032 Sky Aviation, Inc (#) 1444 Airport Rd, Worland, WY 82401 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2032 GD Kitchen Bath LLC (#) 22047 Sherman Way, Canoga Park, CA 91303 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 SUNNY ROSE CORPORATION Inc (#) 2660 Pacific Park Dr, Whittier, CA 90601 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 Revolution Brands International LLC (#) 10801 NW 97th St, Medley, FL 33178 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 Central Ohio Hospitality LLC dba Bucks Bar and Grill (#) 192 E Main St., Lexington, OH 44904 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2047 InFoPak International, Inc (#) 60936 Grand Targhee Dr., Bend, OR 97702 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 
 F-28 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

STRUMBA MEDIA LLC , dba Miracle Noodle, (#) 10275 Collins Ave.,Ste. 1034,, Bal Harbour, FL 33154 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 Moonshine Catering LLC and Bravo Catering LLC (#) 956 2nd St., Manchester, NH 03102 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 GSGI LLC (#) 3949 Evans Ave, Fort Myers, FL 33901 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 Ponce Ponce Inc. dba Dream Farms (#) 3015 NW 74th Ave, Miami, FL 33122 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 VSPOT, LLC (#) 741 Madison Ave, New York, NY 10065 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2033 The Crane Guys, LLC (#) 10850 Portal Dr, Los Alamitos, CA 90720 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2032 Tom Fox Enterprise Inc (#) 3808 Oak Orchard Rd, Albion, NY 14411 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2032 MCN CONSULTING LLC (#) 111 N Orange Ave,Ste. 800, Orlando, FL 32801 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2032 Liquor Cabinet SI, LLC (#) 2435 Hylan Blvd, Staten Island, NY 10306 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2032 Skunk Bait Wildlife Control LLC (#) 3274 Ranchview Ln, Guthrie, OK 73044 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2032 Mr.Wholesale Inc dba House of Cigars (#) 2990 Jamacha Rd. Ste. 104, El Cajon, CA 90219 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2032 Brisas Del Mar Sea Food Market Corp (#) 1785-1787 Lexington Ave., NEW YORK, NY 10029 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2032 DiVRgence Entertainment, LLC dba DiVRgence (#) 3015 Governors Dr SW, Huntsville, AL 35805 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2032 Autumn Springs RAL LLC (#) 2121 Brittmoore Rd, Houston, TX 77043 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2047 Nishaz inc dba Perfume Paradise (#) 8811 Winding Hollow Way, West Springfield, VA 22152 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2032 Nunez Flooring LLC (#) 1915 Peters Rd Ste. 302, Irving, TX 75061 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2032 Moore Integrity Engineering LLC dba MIE Systems (#) 13300 Old Blanco Rd., Ste. 260, San Antonio, TX 78216 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2032 Argenta Health LLC dba Blue Q Health and Wellness (#) 2480 E Bay Dr., Ste. 13, Largo, FL 33771 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2032 Derheim, Inc dba My Aquatic Services (#) 331 George Ln., Harwood, ND 58042 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/16/2047 J. Anukem Associates LLC (#) 7209 Hanover Pkwy. Ste. A, Greenbelt, MD 20770 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/16/2032 Klarity Optical 2020 Inc (#) 1083 Flatbush Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/16/2032 Dave's Fence Inc (#) 220 Benson Junction Rd, Debary, FL 32713 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/16/2032 
 F-29 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

ELIJAH ZACHARIAH LLC dba EZ Kids (#) 3939 Glade Valley Dr., Kingwood, TX 77339 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/16/2047 Franchise Investment Properties Inc. and Square Media Inc. (#) 685 Stone Rd., #5, Benicia, CA 94510 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 CJY Enterprise LLC and Scotch Culinary LLC dba Brave Korean BBQ (#) 4920 W Thunderbird Rd #117, Glendale, AZ 85306 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 All the Kings Horses Cafe LLC (#) 521 E 12th St, New York, NY 10009 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 Connene Enterprises LLC (#) 1741 E Warrenton Ave, Anaheim, CA 92805 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 Property Development Company, Inc. dba Elevation 3330 Public House (#) 410 Central Ave Ste. 201, Great Falls, MT 59401 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 Neat Repeats Cleaning Services LLC (#) 4142 Fenton Rd., Flint, MI 48507 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 Joe's Auto Repair (#) 4603 S New Hope Rd, Belmont, NC 28012 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2032 Bernard Wojtas dba Mine Street 21 Consulting (#) 173 Mission Rd, Hackettstown, NJ 07840 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2032 Toliao Ioroi Holding LLC dba Cassava (#) 3519 Balboa St., San Francisco, CA 94121 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2033 EAS LOGISTICS LLC (#) 141 Hillwood Cir, Newnan, GA 30263 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2032 USATEQ, LLC (#) 1242 Heavens Peak, San Antonio, TX 78258 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2032 Baham Steel, LLC (#) 6124 Kuebel Dr., New Orleans, LA 70126 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2032 Stone Sprig, LLC (#) 525 Lincoln Hwy., Rochelle, IL 61008 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2047 Andersen Nursery Farm Inc (#) 18455 South West 272 ST, Homestead, FL 33031 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2047 Andersen Nursery Farm Inc (#) 18455 South West 272 ST, Homestead, FL 33031 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2032 207 Vending LLC (#) 40 Park Ave. East, Brewer, ME 04412 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2032 Anna Aesthetics Inc (#) 2400 Mid Ln., Houston, TX 77027 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2032 Faith Memorial Chapel L.L.C. (#) 600 9th Ave. North, Bessemer, AL 35020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2047 Urban Farm Mart Inc and 13863 S Military LLC (#) 13863 S Military Trail, Delray Beach, FL 33484 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2047 Orthopaedic Acquire, LLC (#) 949 National Ave., Ste. 133, Lexington, KY 40502 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2032 
 F-30 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Brooker Construction LLC dba Sampson Tree Service (#) 2170 SW Conant Ave., Port St. Lucie, FL 34953 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2032 Wagner LLC (#) 141 S Barfield Dr., Marco Island, FL 34145 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2032 AMS LUMBER SUPPLY LLC (#) 507 North Main St., Atmore, AL 36502 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2032 Across the Bar Bartending Services and Rentals LLC (#) 342 McGrady Rd. NE, Rome, GA 30165 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2032 Badu Tax Services LLC (#) 4258 N Greenview Ave, Apt 1E, Chicago, IL 60613 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2032 Daley Technology Systems, LLC (#) 190 E Hoffman Ave, Lindenhurst, NY 11757 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2032 Stonepark Logistics, LLC and Stone Park Productions Inc (#) 13427 Haddonfield Ln., Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 VNB Business Brokers, LLC (#) 845 Third Ave., 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Love for Mankind LLC (#) 2741 Patterson Rd. Southwest, Pataskala, OH 43062 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Balanced Health Fitness LLC (#) 5110 Mae Anne Ave,Ste. 702, Reno, NV 89523 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Tomastools LLC (#) 12 Southern Blvd, Danbury, CT 06810 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Bryer-Mullins LP dba Clovis RV Ranch (#) 200 Humphrey Rd, Clovis, NM 88101 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2047 PIANCA Packaging LLC (#) 1139 Lehigh Ave, Whitehall, PA 18052 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Fish IP Law, LLP (#) 2603 Main St, Irvine, CA 92614 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 SherpTek, LLC (#) 1948 N Main St, Building 9, Prineville, OR 97754 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Beato Auto Sales Inc. (#) 9 Nashua Rd, Londonderry, NH 03053 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/1/2032 Christina Buckner dba Anonei Park Academy (#, 2273 Taney Pl, Gary, IN 46404 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2047 Agustina Vega Individually dba Eastside Vintage Co and Vega's Pottery (#) 5005 Lyndon B. Johnson Fwy, Ste. 200, Dallas, TX 75244 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2047 Elite Cleaning Solution dba MaidPro North of Boston (#) 27 Water St,, Wakefield, MA 01880 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 Payco Enterprises, Inc and Parabellum Technology, Inc (#, 520 E Wilson Ave, Ste. 210, Glendale, CA 91206 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 M L Real Estate LLC (#, 9958 Acklin Dr, Dallas, TX 75243 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 
 F-31 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Gideon Toal Management Services LLC (#, 2401 Scott Ave Ste. #110, Fort Worth, TX 76103 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 Porto Pavino LLC (#, 235 North 3rd St., Vineland, NJ 08360 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 Indoor Soccer World LLC and Indoor Soccer World Mesquite LLC (#, 3265 Broadway Blvd, Garland, TX 75043 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 YOURS Beverage LLC dba YOURS NON-ALCOHOLIC WINE (#) 929 N Harvard Ave, Arlington Heights, IL 60004 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 User Creative dba Eleven11 Group (#, 760 Buttermilk Rd, Hellertown, PA 18055 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 Copper Roofing LLC (#, 201 Saint Charles Ave., New Orleans, LA 70170 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 Evans West, Inc. (#) 4038 Dover Rd., Colorado City, CO 81019 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2032 Universal Innovations Consulting and Contracting, LLC dba UICC, LLC (#) 419 Ragland Rd, Beckley, WV 25801 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2047 Gideon Toal Management Services LLC (#, 2401 Scott Ave Ste. 110, Fort Worth, TX 76103 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2047 CHASE LAW AND ASSOCIATES, P.A. (#, 1141 71st St, Miami Beach, FL 33141 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 VHM Enterprises Inc and Ali Ajami (#, 24151 Telegraph Rd, Southfield, MI 48033 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 The Radiology Group LLC (#) 3475 Piedmont Rd. Ste. 1150, Atlanta, GA 30305 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 RCG Valuation Monetization, Inc (#, 8058 E Aster Dr., Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 Mashore Trucking LLC (#) 414 Parkertown Rd, Troutman, NC 28166 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 The Silver Dolphin County Store and Restaurant, Inc (#, 4036 Shoal Line Blvd, Hernando Beach, FL 34607 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2047 Labriola Cafe - Michigan Ave., LLC and Labriola Caf , LLC (#, 535 N Michigan Ave, Chicago, IL 60611 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 Richardson Services LLC (#) 312159 Padgett Switch Rd, Irvington, AL 36544 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2032 Jennifer L Kos dba Tristar Counseling (#, 341 349 Beaver St.,, Beaver, PA 15009 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2047 FS International, Inc (#, 2821 W White Star Ave, Anaheim, CA 92806 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2047 Gonzales South Texas Electric Corporation; GCE Services, LLC (#, 2520 Farrell Rd, Houston, TX 77073 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2032 Top Fuel Transport LLC (#, 741 Aspen Cir., Oxnard, CA 93030 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 
 F-32 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Angel's Heating Cooling, LLC (#) 4505 W Thurman Dr., Laveen Village, AZ 85339 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Barakel Corporation (#) 1205 Pine Valley Ln, Titusville, FL 32780 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Sherman Business Services, LLC dba Global Business Centers (#, 468 N Camden Dr, Beverly Hills, CA 90210 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Creamalicious Inc and The Anytime Chef LLC (#, 6953 Tarragon Ct, Liberty Township, OH 45011 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2047 Auto Access LLC (#) 451 Church Rd, Sicklerville, NJ 08081 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 RAINFOREST REAL ESTATE, PROFESSIONAL LLC (#) 640 S Forks Ave #1021, Forks, WA 98331 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Abdo Kabab House LLC (#) 12376 FL-535, Orlando, FL 32836 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Spoon Boyz Automotive, LLC (#) 6500 1st Ave. S,, Birmingham, AL 35212 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2032 3ERA LLC, dba Betsy's II Residential Care Facility for the Elderly (#, 3101 Brush Creek Rd, Santa Rosa, CA 95404 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2047 Jam Service Inc (#) 53624 Bootjack Rd., Lake Linden, MI 49945 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2032 Ironman Delivery, Inc. (#, 516 N Wolfenberger St., Sullivan, IN 47882 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2047 JMI Investments, LLC dba Chick'nCone (#) 860 Forsyth St,Ste. 102, Macon, GA 31201 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2032 Goshen House Trading LLC (#) 4310 Pennwood Rd., Brentwood, MD 20722 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 ZenDog, LLC (#) 1002 Albertson Pkwy., Broussard, LA 70518 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 Kaufman Accounting PC (#) 7918 Jones Branch Dr., Ste. 400, McLean, VA 22102 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 Artisan Stucco, Inc (#, 7012 2nd St NW, Albuquerque, NM 87107 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 Professional Image, LLC (#, 203 Sisson Ave, Hartford, CT 06105 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2047 T K Bailey Enterprise LLC (#) 14685 North County Rd. 175 E, Eaton, IN 47338 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 Higgins Plumbing, LLC (#) 4585 SE Manatee Ter., Stuart, FL 34997 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 Hurst Pools and Day Spas Ltd (#) 317 Oakland Ave, Miller Place, NY 11764 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 Vitality Family Chiropractic LLC (#) 1255 Johnson Ferry Rd,Ste. 26, Marietta, GA 30068 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 Sherae A Thompson dba Island Eye (#) 915 Bowden Ave,, Chesapeake, VA 23323 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 
 F-33 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

All Transportation Etc., LLC (#) 9900 W Sample Rd., Ste. 407, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 Eminat, LLC dba Eminat Research Group (#) 16503 Diamond Pl., Weston, FL 33331 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 A B Mechanical Diagnostics Sales and Service LLC (#) 1804 Shades Cliff Rd., Jasper, AL 35504 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 O'briencatalfamo LLC (#, 4321 Tambre Bend, Austin, TX 78738 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 Future Faces Child Care- Learning Center Inc (#, 389 Harry L Dr., Johnson City, NY 13790 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 Aero Medical Supply, Inc (#) 415 Argyle Rd., 3M, Brooklyn, NY 11218 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2032 Imaginasium LLC (#) 1357 S Normandy, Republic, MO 65738 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2032 4 Point Towing Roadside Service LLC (#, 5425 Willow Grove Rd., Camden Wyoming, DE 19934 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 RHCII, Inc dba Renewal Healing Chiropractic (#) 2451 E Baseline Rd Ste. 100, Gilbert, AZ 85234 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 A + Warren and Dubarry Services, Inc. (#, 350 E Crown Point Rd #1110, Winter Garden, FL 34787 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 Thermal Applied Tech LLC (#) 3625 Kelcie Marie Ave, North Las Vegas, NV 89031 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 Colorado Springs Psychological Services, P.C (#, 1115 Elkton Dr., Ste. 102, Colorado Springs, CO 80907 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 Enterprise Exchange LLC (#) 12222 US-301, Dale City, FL 33525 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 Level Best Roofing, LLC (#) 819 SW Federal Hwy Ste. 201, Stuart, FL 34994 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2032 MountChor Technologies, Inc. (#, 11010 Poplar Ford Trail, Manassas, VA 20109 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2032 The Health Wellness Centerr, LLC (#) 9717 Landmark Pkwy. Dr., Ste. 115, St. Louis, MO 63127 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2032 Erta Ale LLC dba Nurishable (#) 8205 Fort Foote Rd., Fort Washington, MD 20744 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2032 Nava Awehs Holdings, Inc. dba MAKKAN DESIGN (#) 19841 Villager Cir., Yorba Linda, CA 92886 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2032 Savior Marketing, LLC and Hyperlinks Media, LLC (#, 70 Bottling Works Rd, Pine Bush, NY 12566 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 Diamond Estates, LLC (#, 110 Ct. St. Ste. 1, Cromwell, CT 06416 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 C H Jewelry and Pawn Shop LLC (#) 11849 Hesperia Rd, Hesperia, CA 92345 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 
 F-34 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Emerald Oglesby (#) 2357 Warm Springs Rd., Columbus, GA 31904 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 Child's World Drop-In Care, LLC (#, 4011 Village Park Dr., Knightdale, NC 27545 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 Danz Distributors LLC dba Stay Golden Cosmetics (#) 582 Schenck Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11207 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 RonC dba Subway #24926 (#, 3903 W Rosecrans Ave., Hawthorne, CA 90250 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 Tarek Waly (#) 2556 Snowtip LN, Grove City, OH 43123 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Glow Tea Inc. (#) 1101 Outlet Collection Way, Unit K5, Auburn, WA 98001 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Iron Throne Investments LLC (#) 3 Beckley Pl, Boynton Beach, FL 33426 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 WNN LLC dba Elite Line Trucking (#, 10614 Medicine Bow St., Las Vegas, NV 89183 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 MCM GLOBAL ECOM LLC (#) 13007 SW 68th Ter., Miami, FL 33183 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Millennium Contracting Services, Inc (#, 3669 Mark Jason Dr., El Paso, TX 79938 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 EJS Enterprises LLC (#) 101 State Pl, Escondido, CA 92029 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Seeds of Hope Counseling, LLC (#) 168 Jail house Rd, Ackerman, MS 39735 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Christian Diaz PA dba Diaz and Associates (#, 9370 SW 72nd St., Miami, FL 33173 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2032 CALIFORNIA SPINE CENTER, A Professional Medical Corporation (#, 2123 Ygnacio Valley Rd., Walnut Creek, CA 94598 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2032 Belinda's Southern Cuisine Inc (#, 7322 Stonecrest Concourse, Stonecrest, GA 30038 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2047 Amigo Transit LLC (#, 608 Tonnelle Ave, Jersey City, NJ 07307 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2032 SGS Fit CL LLC dba Sweat440 (#) 777 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33132 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2033 SGS Fit Bis LLC dba Sweat440 (#) 777 BBrickell Ave., Miami, FL 33131 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2033 Arva Method LLC dba Destination Spa (#) 516 N Ogden Ave,, Ste. 150, Chicago, IL 60642 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2032 FRYE INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. and Charles Nuzum (#) 1851 University Blvd S, Jacksonville, FL 32216 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2032 Home Care Wellness LLC (#) 25050 W. Outer Dr #204, Lincoln Park, MI 48146 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2032 Door Supply of Florida, Inc (#) 815 NW 57th Ct., Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2032 
 F-35 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Phillip Ramos Upholstery Inc. (#, 3835 Elm St, Denver, CO 80207 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2032 Alicia L Wallace Agency Inc. (#, 1549 Clairmont Rd., Ste. 205, Decatur, GA 30033 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2032 Unihog Inc. (#, 2 Center St., Hoosick Falls, NY 12090 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2047 Layfar Technologies (#, 192 Mayhew Way, Walnut Creek, CA 94597 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2032 Exploration Vans LLC (#, 1412 New Hampshire Rte 175, Holderness, NH 03245 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2032 K K Brannon Enterprises, LLC (#) 209 Cindy Dr., Canyon Lake, TX 78133 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/10/2032 MBM Enterprises Inc dba HOMESMILES UTAH (#, 1087 W Webb Ln., Kaysville, UT 84037 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2032 GAINES PEST CONTROL (#) 1627 Doncarol Ave, El Cajon, CA 92019 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2032 VKDN LLC dba Regen Med of Sherman (#) 300 N Highland Ave, Sherman, TX 75092 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2032 Freemont Holdings, LLC DBA Esty Street Restaurant (#, 86 Spring Valley Rd., Park Ridge, NJ 07656 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2032 360 BC Group, Incdba360 Business Consulting;Douglass Markham Dixon (#, 1835 W Orangewood Ave., Orange, CA 92868 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2032 
 Hometown Suburban Vending, Inc. (#) 12358 S Latrobe Ave, Alsip, IL 60803 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2032 J R Property Management Services, Inc. (#) 2626 Tampa Rd, Palm Harbor, FL 34684 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2032 Von Hegner Inc. dba The Bee Guy Rescue (#) 10277 Burton St, New Port Richey, FL 34654 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2032 Renaissance Restoration, Ltd. (#) 2310 Superior Ave., Ste. 300, Cleveland, OH 44114 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2032 Edward Mims dba Blazzin Burgers Fries Shakes (#) 2502 Palmyra Rd., Albany, GA 31707 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2032 Strategic Public Relations (#) 1880 Century Park E, Ste. 711, Los Angeles, CA 90067 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2032 Freshco KB, LLC dba D Lite Bistro Bakery (#) 180 Crandon Blvd., Key Biscayne, FL 33149 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2032 Hamida Meziane, dba Addiction (#) 1272 78th St., Brooklyn, NY 11228 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2032 Sunlit Best Green Organics LLC (#, 554 Deer Ridge Ln S, Maplewood, MN 55119 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2032 James Hartsell dba Hartsell Electric (#) 133 Punohu Ln Unit 6, Lahaina, HI 96761 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2032 Thornton Rave Construction, LLC (#) 1208 Philo Rd., Urbana, IL 61801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2032 
 F-36 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

EBG Re-Sell LLC (#) 26943 Ruether Ave., Santa Clarita, CA 91351 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2032 AMP Auto Collection LLC TOO Holdings LLC (#, 1730 W. Sunrise Blvd, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33311 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2047 1 Auto Liquidators (#, 463493 State Rd 200, Yulee, FL 32097 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2032 California Coast Truck Repair, Inc. (#) 11366 Woodside Ave., Santee, CA 92071 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2032 Kmorel Inc dba Morel Contracting (#, 9250 Stoney Ridge Ln., Alpharetta, GA 30022 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2032 The T.L. Brown Law Firm, P.C (#) 3160 Camino Del Rio S, Ste. 101, San Diego, CA 92108 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2032 Rogers Aviation, Inc (#) 2210 Somerset Ln., Mundelein, IL 60060 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2032 Walker Trolleys LLC (#) 6408 Llano Stage Trl, Austin, TX 78738 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Weatherlight Media LLC (#, 3024 Beacon Blvd,, West Sacramento, CA 95691 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 LC 1164 Broadway INC and LC 715 Broadway Inc. (#, 1164 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11221 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Global Healthcare Agency LLC (#) 556 Garrisonville Rd, Stafford, VA 22554 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2047 Educational Equity Services, LLC (#, 3809 Elkhorn Cir, Bowie, MD 20716 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Goldwright Investments LLC and Cedar Cryo Transport Inc (#, 11500 Northwest Freeway Ste. 459, Houston, TX 77092 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 FactualVR, Inc (#, 350 Warren St., Ste. #4, Jersey City, NJ 07302 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Mangia Clam Bar Inc and JC DT Holdings LLC (#, 4817 SE Dixie Hwy, Stuart, FL 34997 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2047 Aerosphere Power Inc;Cartridge Actuated Devices, Inc (#, 11 High Ridge Ln., Augusta, NJ 07822 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2047 Rigging Welding Specialists, Inc. dba RWS Crane Rigging (#, 5800 Wade Rd.,, Baytown, TX 77521 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Saul Escala DDS, P.C dba Escala Family Dentistry (#, 590 South Federal Blvd, Denver, CO 80219 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Amado Trader LLC dba Amado Games (#, 5545 Bulls Bay Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23462 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 MCZ Enterprises, Inc. dba Assisted Living Locators (#) 29 Magnolia Way, Bridgewater, MA 02324 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Overby Trucking Company LLC (#) 11801 Northbrook Cir, Chesterfield, VA 23838 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 
 F-37 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Battery Ninjas Inc dba Interstate Batteries of Greater Georgia (#, 4563 Knight Rd., Macon, GA 31220 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Heroes Tap House LLC (#) 4555 Liberty Rd. S, Salem, OR 97302 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Pinnacle Coating Converting, Inc (#, 212 National Ave., Spartanburg, SC 29303 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2047 Lonesome Rider Coffee LLC (#, 415 Fletcher Pkwy, El Cajon, CA 92020 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Practicing Perfection Institute, Inc (#) 2780 South Jones Blvd. Ste. 3722, Las Vegas, NV 89146 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Kingsbrook Healthcare Services PLLC dba Bloodworknow.com (#) 1230 River Bend Dr., Ste. 107, Dallas, TX 75247 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Nonno's Ice Cream Shoppe, Inc. (#) 270 Seabury St,, Fall River, MA 02720 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Eva Corp dba Premier Martial Arts (#) 200 S Quebec St., Denver, CO 50230 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2032 Tiarra Dunston Taylor, dba Cherish'D Crown (#) 164 Roundabout Ct, Rocky Mount, NC 27804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Pinnacle Coating Converting, Inc (#, 212 National Ave., Spartanburg, SC 29303 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Clava LLC (#, 23682 Birtcher Dr, Lake Forest, CA 92630 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Vanguard Utility Service, Inc. (#, 1421 West 9th St., Owensboro, KY 42301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 BEACON SEARCH GROUP INC (#) 4201 W Sevilla St, Tampa, FL 33629 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Rustic Red Door Company Inc (#, 2180 Colflesh Rd., Perkiomenville, PA 18074 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Holliston Asphalt Concrete Inc. (#, 157 - 165 Lowland St., Holliston, MA 01746 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Via Pilates, LLC (#) 1410 E Lake Mead Pkwy. #130, Henderson, NV 89015 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2032 Anne Mccarthy Law PC (#) 11 Broadway, Ste. 615, New York, NY 10004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Tetiana Maikovych (#) 1918 Bellmore Ave, Bellmore, NY 11710 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 KIJ Place LLC (#, 134 East Main St., Tipp City, OH 45371 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2047 OC Enterprise Development Inc dba Luxury Flooring Remodeling (#, 1701 E Edinger Ave #C13, Santa Ana, CA 92705 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Mendrop Engineering Resources LLC (#, 854 Wilson Dr., Ridgleland, MS 39157 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 In the Round LLC dba Worley Sound (#, 702 Rundle Ave., Nashville, TN 37206 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 
 F-38 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Shazad I Rasul dba Elite Construction (#) 64 Nassau St., Islip Terrace, NY 11752 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Galaxy Specialties LLC dba MAAR's Pizza More (#) 14218 Nacogdoches Rd., San Antonio, TX 78247 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 Naughton Energy Corporation (#, 1898 Rte. 940, Pocono Pines, PA 18350 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 RCS Oakleaf, LLC dba ORANGETHEORY FITNESS OAKLEAF (#) 9610 Applecross Rd., Jacksonville, FL 32222 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 Surgical Republic LLC (#, 428 Main St., Huntington Beach, CA 92648 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 ASAP Tobacco INC.dba Smokerz Land (#, 19042 Brookhurst St., Huntington Beach, CA 92646 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 ASAP Tobacco 3 Inc dba Smokerz Land 2 Smoke Shop (#, 222 E 17th St, Costa Mesa, CA 92627 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 Friendly Fish, LLC dba Pokemoto (#) 1025 Nashville Pike, Ste. 130, Gallatin, TN 37066 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 Martin FITT Group LLC dba 30 Minute Hit Chandler (#) 250 South Arizona Ave., Chandler, AZ 85225 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 Accel Compression, Inc (#, 4500 S County Rd 1310, Odessa, TX 79765 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 Crescent Blue Insurance Agency, LLC (#) 5398 East Mountain St. #A, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2032 SwingShots LLC (#, 3644 Springwell Ct, Douglasville, GA 30135 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2032 The Dakota Hill Company Big Sky Development Inc (#) 316 Lake Point Ln., Belews Creek, NC 27009 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2032 Mesh LLC dba Mesh Fabrication (#, 2900 44th Ave. N, Saint Petersburg, FL 33714 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2032 Dom N' Tom Inc (#, 11937 Shannon Ct., Orland Park, IL 60467 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2032 Bassett's Cricket Ranch, Inc (#, 365 S. Mariposa Ave, Visalia, CA 93292 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Kestrel 360 Inc dba Kestrel Verifiers (#, 2700 Wells Dr., Hood River, OR 97031 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Formation Holdings LLC and Echo Financial LLC (#, 316 County Rd. 904, Joshua, TX 76058 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Royal Anvil LLC (#) 9918 Harwin Dr., Houston, TX 77036 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Wesko Construction, LLC (#) 143 Chatham St., Sanford, NC 27330 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Napoleon Tree Service, LLC (#) 1321 Miller Ave, Winter Park, FL 32789 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Pioneer Welding and Fabrication, Inc (#, 1051 Ocoee Apopka Rd, Apopka, FL 32703 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 
 F-39 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

BE THE LIGHT DECOR LLC (#) 389 Aspen Creek Ct., Covington, LA 70433 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Swan Dancewear LLC (#, 234 Haverford Ave., Narberth, PA 19072 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Samuel I. Mosco dba Flying Dutchman Cinema (#) 1606 W Victory Blvd., Burbank, CA 91506 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 SALU-SALO FILIPINO CUISINE LLC (#) 7401 Matlock Rd., Ste.113, Arlington, TX 76002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 OC Construction Management dba OCGP LLC (#, 130 W 42nd St., New York, NY 10036 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Traditions Company LLC;Traditions Photography Inc (#, 14284 Lewis Ln, Nampa, ID 83686 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 JAQUEZA ENTERPRISES LLC (#) 7901 4th St. North Ste. 300, ST. PETERSBURG, FL 33702 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Western Motel, LLC (#, 180 west Main St., Lovell, WY 82431 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2047 Hometown Branding LLC (#) 248 Turner Oaks Dr., Cary, NC 27518 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2032 Anitas Home LLC (#) 3345 SW 67th Ave, Miami, FL 33155 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2032 Sesolinc Group Inc (#, 50 SE Ocean Blvd, Stuart, FL 34994 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2047 Hamilton Associates Real Estate Firm (#, 11776 W Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2047 Altick Incorporated (#, 506 Sequoia Ave, Redwood City, CA 94061 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2032 TNT Family Entertainment Inc (#) 7010 S state HWY 78,, Sachse, TX 75048 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2048 A-Squared Plus Investments and Properties dba Utopian Gaming (#) 605 Lapalco Blvd, Ste. J, Greta, LA 70056 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2032 M L Appliance Services, Inc. (#, 11 Chrysanthemum Ct., Sewell, NJ 08080 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2032 Bread Culture LLC (#, 1958 Washington Valley Rd, Martinsville, NJ 08836 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2032 Quickscript, Inc. (#, 18191 Von Karman Ave., Irvine, CA 92612 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2032 Lusby Law, PA (#) 2860 -A Ward Blvd,, Wilson, NC 27893 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 The Toota Group LLC dba Toota Auto Group, Toota Mobile Homes (#) 1367 Rt 88, Lakewood, NJ 08701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 White Caps Stewardship LLC dba Sylvan Learning (#) 26040 Detroit Rd,Ste. #5, Westlake, OH 44145 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 
 F-40 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

JJD Vending LLC (#) 10950 SW 40th Ter., Miami, FL 33165 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 Settimio Consulting Services Inc (#, 2401 Executive Plz. Rd, Pensacola, FL 32504 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 Khaled Alammari (#, 1474 Broadway Ave, San Pablo, CA 94806 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 AG B CONSTRUCTION, INC dba Bella Closets and Cabinets (#, 1819 Belcroft Ave, South El Monte, CA 91733 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 K 12 Culinary Connection LLC (#) 6025 Hardin Dr, Bryant, AR 72022 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 FOURTH GENERATION APPAREL INC (#) 12 Meridian Dr, Safety Harbor, FL 34695 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2032 Turo Fitness Holdings LLC dba Brutal Born Gym (#) 2054 Beacon Manor Dr, Fort Myers, FL 33907 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2032 Inklings Book Shoppe LLC (#) 2120 S Combee Rd, Lakeland, FL 33801 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2032 HCA84 LLC dba Lifestar Home Care (#, 312 Old Home Pl., Oklahoma City, OK 73099 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2032 Step by Step Speech Corporation (#) 1400 NW 107th Ave, Ste. 306, Miami, FL 33172 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2032 Get Your Beauty On LLC (#) 11150 Huron St, Northglenn, CO 80234 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2032 Yasmin E Sorte Consulting LLC dba Y.E.S. Consulting (#, 317 Hamlet Cir., Berwyn, PA 19312 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2032 Fresh-Start, LLC (#, 270 Purcell Blvd, Pueblo West, CO 81007 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2047 Smile Market Inc (#, 2335 NW 107th Ave., Apt # B57, Miami, FL 33172 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2032 Signature Automotive Accessories Inc (#, 330 Providence St, West Warwick, RI 02893 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2047 J J Theibault Jr Landscape Designer Inc (#, 1245 Ridge Ave, Lakewood, NJ 08701 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2032 SGS Fit Bis dba Sweat 440 (#) 777 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, FL 33132 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2033 Arcadia Family Fun Center LLC (#, 925 S Oakwood Ave, Geneseo, IL 61254 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2047 Law Office of Katia Teirstein PLLC dba TATTOO VISA (#, 40 Powder Horn Rd, Cortlandt Manor, NY 10567 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2032 CMK General Enterprises dba Aamco Transmissions and Total Car Care (#) 51 Goering Ave, Cheektowaga, NY 14225 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2032 Know Pressure Washing, LLC (#, 2645 Pebble Valley, San Antonio, TX 78232 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2032 
 F-41 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

AD Creations, LLC dba Essence Day Spa (#) 505 18th Ave N Unit B Apt. G, Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2032 Juan Gutierrez dba EL COTIXAN MEXICAN FOOD #1 and EL COTIXAN TAQUERIA (#) 538 N 2nd St, El Cajon, CA 92021 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 LED UNLIMITED LLC (#) 2604 San Eduardo, Mission, TX 78572 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 WHOLEVEL LLC (#) 13007 SW 68th Ter., Miami, FL 33183 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 MoreHair City Salon LLC (#) 412 Evans St., Ste. A, Morehead City, NC 28557 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 Gregory P. Jellenek, O.D. Associates, P.C . Gregory P. Jellenek, O.D (#) 1490 Quarterpath Rd. 5A, Williamsburg, VA 23185 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 Inkk Culture Tattoo LLC and N.D.L. Properties, LLC (#, 840 E River Pl., Jackson, MS 39202 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2047 Dusty Rose Farm LLC (#, 11150 NE 36th Ave, Anthony, FL 32617 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 Monark Insurance Agency Inc (#, 100 S Public Rd., Unit A, Lafayette, CO 80026 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/7/2047 MODERN AESTHETICS LLC (#) 1350 Market St, Tallahassee, FL 32312 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/7/2032 Llamaste, Inc dba Llamaste Family Yoga Center (#) 369 Ct. St., Brooklyn, NY 11231 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/7/2032 Seven Bicycles, Inc dba Supercuts (#, 1880 Sharon Way, Reno, NV 89509 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/7/2032 Payton Violins LLC (#, 84 Scio St., Rochester, NY 14604 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/6/2032 Artisan Inspired LLCdba BRUSH MASTERS PAINTING CONTRACTORS OF VINELAN (#) 617 Fava Dr, Vineland, NJ 08360 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/5/2032 Somerset Equestrian Trading LLC (#, 1651 SE 195th Ter., Morriston, FL 32668 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/5/2032 IN THIS MOMENT TRUCKING LLC (#) 142 walnut St., Kunkletown, PA 18058 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/5/2032 I/O Trak Inc dba E-Z Photo (#, 830 Sunshine Ln, Altamonte Springs, FL 32714 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/1/2032 Omega Express Home Loans Corporation (#, 6016 Belfast Way, Roseville, CA 95747 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Nerds Xpress, LLC and Barlow Executive Properties (#, 25240 Lasher Rd., Ste. 2, Southfield, MI 48033 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Industrial Control Concepts Inc;ICC Northwest Inc 301 Memorial LLC (#, 301 Memorial Dr, St. Louis, MO 63102 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2047 
 F-42 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Westside Quick Services LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (#) 9018 Cambridge Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55443 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Performance Paint INC and Snyder Holding LLC (#, 431 E Main St, Brownsburg, IN 46112 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2047 Priam Vineyards LLC; Winiarski Family Properties LLC; Winiarski Family (#, 11 Shailor Hill Rd., Colchester, CT 06415 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2047 Paris Woodhull dba Paris Woodhull Illustrations (#) 112 S Gay St, Knoxville, TN 37902 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Nerds Xpress, LLC and Barlow Executive Properties (#, 25240 Lasher Rd.,Ste. 2, Southfield, MI 48033 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2047 Storm-Tek, INC (#, 100 Glenborough Dr., Houston, TX 77060 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Zeigler Concrete Reinforcing, Inc (#, 2334 Babbitt Ave, Orlando, FL 32833 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Art of Touch Therapeutic Massage and Healing Clinic Audra Erickson LLC (#) 4415 NE Sandy Blvd, Portland, OR 97213 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 J. F. Medeiros Construction Inc (#, 20471 3rd St., Hilmar, CA 95324 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Orthologo Inc. (#, 911 N MacArthur Blvd, Irving, TX 75061 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Scenic Vans LLC dba Scenic Vanlife Rentals (#, 3250 Granite Creek Pl, Newcastle, CA 95658 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Learn Smart Pre School Inc (#, 145 Mortimer Ave, Rutherford, NJ 07070 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2047 VELEZ ENTERPRISES, LLC (#, 5602 Heritage Oak Dr, Portola Hills, CA 92679 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Gyer Medical Billing LLC (#) 26210 Christen Canyon Ln, Richmond, TX 77406 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 Nano Pharmaceutical Laboratories, LLC dba ZumXR (#, 700 W. Mississippi Ave, Denver, CO 80223 Chemical Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 SHY Beauty Inc (#) 5458 N Ashland Ave, Chicago, IL 60640 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 Car Venient Auto LLC (#, 2035 Ashby Rd, St. Louis, MO 63114 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2047 Viking Athletics LLC (#) 635 New Park Ave, West Hartford, CT 06110 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 JAG Medical Services (#, 105 S Cedar St. Ste. A, Summerville, SC 29483 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 The Blonde Bistro LLC and Ciara June Semack (#, 2042 Axemann Rd., Bellefonte, PA 16823 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2047 TRI-COUNTY SWEEPING SERVICES, INC (#, 4900 SW 51st St, Davie, FL 33314 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 
 F-43 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

T Z Trading Inc (#, 25511 Budde Rd Ste. 1503, The Woodlands, TX 77380 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 Knowledge Analytics Inc (#, 11716 Woodthrush Ln, Potomac, MD 20854 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 Stephen Key (#, 9140 Stonegarden Dr., Lorton, VA 22079 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 Tres Marine Corp and Mark Compeaux (#, 142 Evangeline Dr, Houma, LA 70360 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 BOBWHITE COUNTER LLC (#, 150 Warren St, Jersey City, NJ 07302 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 Skladco LLC (#, 25 Wareham St., Building 2, Unit 1, Middleboro, MA 02346 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 Digimatics Inc (#, 4011 Vermaas Ave, Toledo, OH 43612 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 T.S.W RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC (#, 787 Commerce Dr., Venice, FL 34292 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2032 Fara Bender DMD PA (#) 6169 Jog Rd Unit B-5, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2032 Golden Phoenix Construction Company, Inc (#, 37 N Altadenda Dr., Pasadena, CA 91107 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 Recovery Pathways LLC (#, 863 N Pine Rd. Ste. A, Essexville, MI 48732 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 ESD Homes LLC (#, 196 14th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 ACME Saw and Supply and Lodgepole, INC (#, 1204 E Main St., Stockton, CA 95205 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 Jump Jump LLC (#, 12600 Appaloosa Chase Dr, Austin, TX 78732 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2047 Solshine Yoga LLC (#) 96 College Heights Blvd, Clemson, SC 29631 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Torchmark Enterprises Inc dba Mwah Flowers (#, 1086 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11221 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 SAM'S PLACE LOTTERY TOBACCO, INC (#, 189 Manheim Rd, Schuylkill Haven, PA 17972 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 JT Way LLC;Genthree LLC;Case Restaurant Group Sonshine Group (#, 330 Greater Butler Mart, Butler, PA 16001 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 Digital Dream Labs, Inc (#, 6022 Broad St., Pittsburgh, PA 15206 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 AVVA MINA INC dba Doctor's Choice Pharmacy (#, 639 N 13th Ave, Upland, CA 91786 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 Suha Restaurants LLC dba The Great Greek Grill (#, 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Ste. A, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 
 F-44 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Don Green Electric LLC (#, 1209 SE Dixie Cut Off Rd., Stuart, FL 34994 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 JDT Pickup and Delivery Service LLC (#) 2870 Gonzaga Ave, Richmond, CA 94806 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 Jadar Entertainment LLC (#, 468 N Camden Dr, Beverly Hills, CA 90210 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 Northern Builders LLC (#, 30 Porter St., Littleton, NH 03561 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 The Concrete Company, LLC and Cabriales Holding LLC (#, 10940 S Parker Rd., Parker, CO 80134 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2047 TRUYOU RENEW LLC (#, 38221 Plymouth Rd, Ste. #6, Livonia, MI 48150 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 JNH Consulting Services, LLC and AllTax Associates, LLC (#, 2107 Sherry St., Arlington, TX 76010 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 ABC Intercargo LLC (#, 2700 Glades Cir, Weston, FL 33327 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Penny Almond, LPC, LLC (#) 1401 Malvern Ave Ste 260, Hot Springs, AR 71901 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 CT Mets Baseball Academy LLC (#, 216 Foxon Rd, North Branford, CT 06471 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Ebony T Grimes dba Grimes Day Care (#) 5231 Oxford Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19124 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Adelko Inc dba dba GRAND WELCOME BEVERLY HILLS (#, 9937 Shirley Ave, Northridge, CA 91324 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Tocino Strategies LLC (#) 7133 E Plata Ave, Mesa, AZ 85212 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Chicago Knife Works Inc (#, 6427 W Dempster St., Morton Grove, IL 60053 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Creamalicious Inc (#, 6953 Tarragon Ct, Liberty Township, OH 45011 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Perfect Day NY LLC (#) 384 Knickerbocker Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11237 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Conliff Solutions LLC (#, 23664 Jayadev Ter, Brambleton, VA 20148 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 MJ Enterprise Holdings Inc (#, 2600 Cabover Dr, Hanover, MD 21076 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Talley Brothers, Inc (#, 210 Executive Dr., Newark, DE 19702 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Power Move Ventures LLC (#, 3700 S Conway Rd.,Ste. 101, Orlando, FL 32812 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Nerac, Inc (#, 1 Technology Dr. aka 303 Merrow Rd., Tolland, CT 06084 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2047 
 F-45 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

On Point Med Spa Wellness Center LLC (#, 799 Christmas Ave, Bethlehem, GA 30620 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Diabs, LLC (#, 2395 San Siro St., Henderson, NV 89044 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Orbilibrium Corporation and Mathew Wanyama (#, 102 Pawnee Dr., Montgomery, TX 77316 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2047 Ageless Simplicity LLC (#, 21800 Towncenter Plz 239, Sterling, VA 20164 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Truth Excavation LLC (#, 164 Wahikuli Rd., Lahaina, HI 96761 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 MedAir Labs, LLC (#, 10500 Antenucci Blvd, Garfield Heights, OH 44125 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 The Hills Tandem LLC (#, 132 Palmer Pointe Way, Holly Springs, NC 27540 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Empire Countertops LLC (#, 1137 Enterprise Dr., Pilot Point, TX 76258 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2032 Empire Countertops LLC (#, 1137 enterprise Dr., Pilot Point, TX 76258 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2032 Prancing Paws Grooming Salon LLC (#, 120 N Main St, Germantown, OH 45327 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2047 Maria Pena (#, 537 Swallow Ln, Lodi, CA 95240 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2032 Jason Howard (#, 39425 234th St, Woonsocket, SD 57385 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2032 Shawn Soiland (#, 10 Ascot Dr, Santa Rosa, CA 95403 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2032 Teleflex Group Inc dba TL Cargo (#, 8520 nw 66 St., Miami, FL 33166 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 H M Associates LLC (#, 108 Harlow St, Pittsburgh, PA 15218 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 HYGCO (#, 2000 Anchor Ct, Thousand Oaks, CA 91320 Chemical Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Mistry's Custom Solutions LLC dba American Body Works (#, 420 S Mill St., Lewisville, TX 75057 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Foundation Business Enterprises, LLC (#, 744 Noah Dr., Ste. 113, Jasper, GA 30143 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 CCuest LLC dba Synergy HomeCare of Palm Bay (#, 1501 Robert J. Conlan Rd., Palm Bay, FL 32905 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 YDK Enterprise LLC (#) 115 Mowbray Dr, Kew Gardens, NY 11415 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Mendoza Trucking and Logistics INC (#, 2320 Greenbriar Dr., Unit B, Chula Vista, CA 91915 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Finch Clinic, P.L.L.C. dba Axcel Treatment and Recovery (#, 1105 Memorial Dr.,, Denison, TX 75020 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 
 F-46 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Biocanic, Inc (#, 4976 Foothill Blvd, San Diego, CA 92109 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Muse Enterprises Inc (#, 498 County Rd 4711, Kempner, TX 76539 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 STAFFINGPOINT LLC (#, 3371 Baywood Ter., Fremont, CA 94536 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Premier Healthcare Service (#) 1015 Eden Way North, Chesapeake, VA 23320 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2047 KT Supply LLC (#, 39 Graphic Pl., Moonachie, NJ 07024 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 Gentle Partners in Hospice LLC (#, 1635 NE Interstate 410 Loop Ste 501, San Antonio, TX 78209 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 Soapbox Studio, LLC and The Vault Recording Lounge, LLC (#) 4031 Fambrough Dr, Powder Springs, GA 30127 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 Erin Cervantes dba Security Carpet Cleaners (#, 15260 Cheshire Way, San Antonio, TX 78254 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 Edgar Almanzar Insurance Agency Inc. (#, 477 central Ave, White Plains, NY 10606 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 Daedalus Works LLC (#, 17 RD 3500, Flora Vista, NM 87415 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2032 KLZS Electric LLC dba Mr Electric of Middleton (#, 285 E Deer Trail Rd, Clayton, DE 19938 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2032 Rupisan Companies, LLC (#) 5460 Jaguar Way, Littleton, CO 80130 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Innovative Concepts Construction LLC (#, 2196 Fenton Pkwy,Apt 310, San Diego,, CA 92108 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Spend Less Store LLC (#) 516 E Juanita Ave, Ste. 3, Mesa, AZ 85204 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Jand J Darling Ventures dba Clean Air Lawn Care Austin NW (#) 5404 Pendleton LN, Austin, TX 78723 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Signature Nail Salon Inc. (#) 11505 NE Fourth Plain Blvd., Ste. F3, Vancouver, WA 98662 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Coast 2 Coast Consulting, LLC (#, 5630 S Garth Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90056 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/13/2032 Code 3 Security LLC (#, 6401 Eldorado Pkwy, Ste. 224, McKinney, TX 75070 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 American Plumbing Solutions Inc (#, 34 11th Ave., Farmingdale, NY 11735 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 J LaMendola Physical Therapy PC (#) 1100 Clove Rd. Ste. G-C, Staten Island, NY 10301 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2048 ALLIANCE DIGITAL PROPERTIES INC (#, 1407 Foothill Blvd 305, La Verne, CA 91750 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 
 F-47 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Sebastian Castelli, PA (#, 12187 Beach Blvd, Ste. 1, Jacksonville, FL 32246 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 Nepal Dog Treat LLC (#, 11775 Stratford House Pl #303,, Reston, VA 20190 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 Spartan Bikes, LLC (#, 2974 N Alma School Rd, Chandler, AZ 85224 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 Ridge Renovation and Construction LLC (#, 1736 E Greenway St, Mesa, AZ 85203 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 Triple Bs Inc (#, 12189 Livingston Rd, Manassas, VA 20109 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2032 3Dio, LLC (#, 5900 NE 152nd Ave, Vancouver, WA 98682 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 
 Machfu Inc (#, 9200 Corporate Blvd., Ste. 470, Rockville, MD 20850 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 TKSPizza LLC (#, 505 Hansen Ave, Butler, PA 16001 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 Folcon LLC (#, 516 West Walnut St., Kalamazoo, MI 49007 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2047 GEMsmash LLC (#, 2025 Belford Dr, Walnut Creek, CA 94598 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 EDIA World LLC (#) 3345 SW 67th Ave, Miami, FL 33155 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 Lighting Management Inc (#, 618 Corporate Way, Unit 1, Valley Cottage, NY 10989 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 Ballard Construction LLC (#, 440 Timothy St., Junction City, OR 97448 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 Iron Valley Insurance Services Inc (#, 2366 Navigation Cir., Placentia, CA 92870 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 Stella del Mare, LLC (#, 2804 NE 8th St., Ste. 103, Homestead, FL 33033 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 MFT Solutions LLC (#) 110 E 43rd St., Apt 115, Boise, ID 83714 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 Hurricane Beauty LLC (#, 1110 Vandon Loop, Berlin, NJ 08009 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 CarrThom Development, LLC (#, 52 T St. NW, Washington, DC 20001 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 ALL OFF GRID, LLC (#, 10927 Big Lake Rd., Ste.s M N, Wasilla, AK 99694 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 Black Martin Brands LLC (#, 9N915 Heatherington Pl., Elgin, IL 60124 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 PERU Q PRODUCTS LLC (#, 21772 Ladyslipper Square, Ashburn, VA 20147 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 Reliant Medical Group LLC (#, 3935 W Reno Ave, Ste. H, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 
 F-48 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

AB Liquor LLC (#, 16900 Chenal Pkwy., Ste. 130, Little Rock, AR 72223 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 ANK Waterfront Inc (#, 3322 Sheridan Rd, Kenosha, WI 53140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2047 FOOTHILL FEED AND MERCANTILE LLC (#) 1330 GEIGER GRADE Rd., RENO, NV 89521 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 ANK Mexican Grill Inc (#, 3322 Sheridan Rd., Kenosha, WI 53140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 J Michelle's LLC (#) 620 Windham St, Petersburg, VA 23803 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 C.I.I. INC (#, 6001 S Decatur Blvd.,, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 SMART LOGISTICS LLC (#, 600 Getty Ave, Clifton, NJ 07011 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 BARSE CO INC (#, 8701 John W. Carpenter Fwy, Ste. 140, Dallas, TX 75247 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 Bellasky LLC DBA Happy Day (#, 26279 CO-74, Kittredge, CO 80457 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2047 T F Express Services, LLC (#, 16420 SE McGillivary, Vancouver, WA 98663 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2032 805 Transportation LLC (#) 132 Easy St, Buellton, CA 93427 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 Spine and Orthopedic Center of New Mexico PC (#, 400 N Pennsylvania Ave., Ste. 101, Roswell, NM 88201 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 C.A.L.M. Home, LLC (#, 757 West Magma Rd., San Tan Valley, AZ 85143 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 Que Duong LLC (#) 6 W. 126th St., Apt. 5F, New York, NY 10027 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 CWM Professional Consulting Inc (#, 19490 SW 24th St, Miramar, FL 33029 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 Gun Guardian, LLC (#) 1136 Brick Rd., Winter Garden, FL 34787 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 KRAMER LLC dba Kramer Injury Law LLC (#, 161 N Clark St., Chicago, IL 60601 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 Longo Acquisitions LLC dba Hello Garage of Stony Brook (#, 176 10th Ave., Holtsville, NY 11743 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2032 Jules Enterprise Group, Inc dba Anuco Rx (#) 549 Sawgrass Corporate Pkwy, Sunrise, FL 33323 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2032 Farmer Investments LLC dba Fetch! Pet Care (#, 3840 Charbon Ln., Bartlett, TN 38133 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2032 ADW Communications Services, Inc. (#, 425 S McClintock Dr Ste. 1,, Tempe, AZ 85281 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2032 PoleSet Equipment, LLC (#, 5355 Prosperity Pike, Prosperity, PA 15329 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 
 F-49 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

TMC General Construction Inc. (#, 3457 Fitzgerald Dr., Rancho Cordova, CA 95742 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 MS Garage Plano, LLC (#, 1504 SW 57th Ter., Cape Coral, FL 33914 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Big Brand Management Inc. and Big Brand Management Ltd. Co. (#, 512 E 11th St, Houston, TX 77008 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 LUBECON USA, LLC (#, 201 N Webster St., White Cloud, MI 49349 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Modir Transportation LLC (#, 3225 Church St., Scottdale, GA 30079 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Skyship Services Inc. (#, 161 T Com Dr., Elizabeth City, NC 27909 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Zhenya, Inc. dba Scale Your Genius (#) 90 Pearl St., Denver, CO 80203 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Global One Media, Inc (#, 1750 Manzanita Dr., Elko, NV 89801 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Water Damage Rescue Inc.;123 W Orange St LLC;Service Magic Restoration (#, 7232 Owensmouth Ave, Canoga Oark, CA 91303 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Duncan Electrical LLC (#, 8445 S Van Ness Ave, Inglewood, CA 90305 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Smashachusetts, LLC (#, 303 Third St., Apt 215, Cambridge, MA 02142 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Domi Health, LLC and B's Homecare Inc. (#, 5500 Nicollet Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55419 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 FRAMEWORXFL, INC (#, 139 S Pebble Beach Blvd., Sun City Center, FL 33573 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 REAL HOUSE INC and BFM Holdings 176 Harding LLC (#, 95 Grove St., Montclair, NJ 07042 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2047 IDEAL FURNITURE RENTAL SALES INC (#, 84 Madison Ave, Roslyn Heights, NY 11577 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2032 Ninefold Design LLC (#, 160 Saint Elmo Way, San Francisco, CA 94127 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2032 Billfold LLC and Billfold Solutions Inc (#, 240 Kent Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2032 Caromark Building Group LLC (#, 18137 Sunset Cove Ln, Cornelius, NC 28031 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2032 Moody's Hardware LLC and MSH Holdings LLC (#) 22754 W 220 St., Springhill, KS 66083 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2048 Beach Life Flooring LLC (#, 5802 Terncrest Dr, Lithia, FL 33547 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2032 Distinctive Corporation dbaBig Basin Burger Bar (#) 14754 Oak St., Saratoga, CA 95070 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2032 
 F-50 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Insight Recovery Services, LLC (#, 2123 Hendersonville Rd., Arden, NC 28704 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 ACES of Brevard (#) 1430 Glendale Ave NW, Palm Bay, FL 32907 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 MJZ, Inc. (#, 31917 Cypress Glen Ct, Lake Elsinore, CA 92532 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 Vanco LLC (#, 3919 and 3925 E Miami Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 Superior Image Hair Studio LLC (#, 709 MacDade Blvd, Collingdale, PA 19023 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2047 Best Value Multi Services Inc (#, 452 S Cypress Rd, Pompano Beach, FL 33060 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 The BEDOS Group LLC (#, 8190 Barker Cypress Rd, Cypress, TX 77433 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 Grade A Computer Services LLC (#) 3347 Wickham Ave, Bronx, NY 10469 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2032 Patriot Motors of KC LLC (#, 4103 N Oak Trafficway, Kansas City, MO 64116 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2032 Copper Rose LLC (#) 550 Main St., Ste. 2, Edmonds, WA 98020 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 Beecher Development Services, Inc (#, 2329 W Main St., Littleton, CO 80120 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2032 Dream Builders Child Care, LLC and Dreams in Action LLC (#, 210 Snyder Rd., Hermitage, PA 16148 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2047 American Dream Restaurants LLC (#, 2761 Lake Shore Rd., Gilford, NH 03249 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 Tampa Bay Physical Therapy LLC (#, 13328 Telecom Dr., Temple Terrance, FL 33637 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 Serenity Keepers Home Care LLC (#, 312 Broad St., Sumter, SC 29150 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2047 DRKSL LLC, dba Andrew Levine Hai (#) 127 E 59th St., 2nd Floor , Ste. 6, New York, NY 10022 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 Roam Overland Vehicles LLC (#) 12308 NE 56th St., Ste. 1407, Vancouver, WA 98682 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 C2PM (#, 22601 Summerfield, Mission Viejo, CA 92692 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 Savage Sweets, Inc. dba Rita's of Doylestown (#) 132 Veterans Ln, Doylestown, PA 18901 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/23/2032 Capital Trading LLC (#, 4911 Lyons Technology Pkwy, Coconut Creek, FL 33073 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2032 Harvinderpal S. Dhatt dba Cold Stone Creamery (#) 714 W Onstott Frontage Rd., Yuba City, CA 95991 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2033 Jay Jalaram Lodge LLC dba Quality Inn (#, 2055 E. Lincoln Hwy, Wooster, OH 44691 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2032 
 F-51 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Melissa J. Kopple (#) 18840 SW Boones Ferry Rd, Tualatin, OR 97062 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2032 Wrenching Whalls, LLC (#, 2428 Broad River Rd., Columbia, SC 29210 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 Brothers Trucking Company Inc (#, 202 Drakewood Pl, Cary, NC 27518 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 VULCAIN NINE INC dba Charley's Philly Steaks (#, 17650 NW 2nd Ave., Miami Gardens, FL 33169 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 H W Creative Branch LLC (#, 7246 Wynnwood Ln., Houston, TX 77008 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 Amir Saya, Individually dba KNA Racing (#, 102 N 1st St, Williams, AZ 86046 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 ESG International, Inc (#) 8520 Allison Pointe Blvd, Indianapolis, IN 46250 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 Small Express LLC (#, 20 St Andrews Ct, Westampton, NJ 08060 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 EMC2 Mechanical Solutions LLC (#) 10375 Plum Tree Cir, Hales Corners, WI 53130 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Stems, LLC and Meredith Hawksworth (#, 1702 Utica Square, Tulsa, OK 74114 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Hope Restored Counseling Services, PLLC (#) 610 N Montana St, Dillon, MT 59725 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Natur Zone of Arizona, LLC dba Naturzone Pest Control (#, 12633 N Cave Creek Rd., Ste. 101, Phoenix, AZ 85022 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Blount Auto Market (#) 355 E Lanier Ave, Ste. N, Fayetteville, GA 30214 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Arledge Enterprises, LLC and Arledge Holdings, LLC. (#, 7355 Tribble Gap Rd., Alto, GA 30510 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2047 Steckman Pilates and Wellness, LLC. (#, 920 Woodstock Rd., Roswell, GA 30075 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2032 Guilin Construction, LLC (#, 379 Grandview Ave., Waterbury, CT 06708 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2032 Cordurouy LLC (#) 665 Valley Dr., Hermosa Beach, CA 90254 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2032 Liberty Guns and Equipment LLC and Freedom Diner, LLC (#, 214 E. McIntyre St, Mullins, SC 29574 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2032 Solfire Contract Manufacturing Inc (#, 4939 Decatur Rd., Fort Wayne, IN 46806 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2047 Tesla Nail Salon LLC (#, 157 S Compass Wy, Dania Beach, FL 33004 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2032 GreenKoat Solutions LLC dba FlexRock Coatings (#, 824 S. Franklin St., Denver, CO 80209 Chemical Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2032 Safari Lux Lounge LLC (#, 5020 E Independence Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28212 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2047 
 F-52 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

The Feder Construction Company LLC (#) 14 Manor Dr., Monsey, NY 10952 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2032 Samiah Co. LLC (#, 15128 S Harlan Rd., Lathrop, CA 95330 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2032 A Pro Duction Painting Company LLC (#, 6810 Sagamore Ct., French Village, MO 63036 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2032 Abundant Life Surrogacy LLC (#) 2716 Rose Hill St., Boise, ID 83705 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2032 Empower Marketing, Inc (#, 610 Jefferson Dr., Palmyra, VA 22963 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2032 Infrared Girl LLC (#, 42 Nashua Rd, Londonderry, NH 03053 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2032 Replays Games LLC (#, 1203 Woodward Ave, Muscle Shoals, AL 35661 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2032 Bronze Goddess Beauty LLC (#, 333 University Ave., Ste. 200, Sacramento, CA 95825 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2032 Semilla Baking Co LLC (#) 2310 McDuffie St., Apt 7, Houston, TX 77019 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 Originals and Organics LLC (#) 1902 Sussex Ln., Colorado Springs, CO 80909 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 TPACUPS Inc. and GVCUPS, Inc (#, 3810 W Neptune St., Tampa, FL 33629 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 Inner Light Healing LLC (#) 1025 Reynolds Rd., Johnson City, NY 13790 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 Wesley S. Brown dba Lynfield Hauling (#, 3607 Waitesfield Rd., Johns Island, SC 29455 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 Concrete Buildings Tech Inc (#, 6790 Williams Hwy., Grants Pass, OR 97527 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2047 AOG Investments LLC dba Fratello Cigars (#, 44621 Guilford Dr., Ashburn, VA 20147 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2032 MJD Truck Wash Inc (#, 609 Old Omega Rd.,, Tifton, GA 31793 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2032 T M Z Plants Trees, Inc. (#, 13667 Okeechobee Blvd, Loxahatchee Groves, FL 33470 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2032 True Care Lawn Service of Lee County Inc (#, 1522 Senior Ct., Lehigh Acres, FL 33971 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2032 Comprehensive Health Wellness Center LLC (#, 1785 Airport Rd. Ste B, Gallatin, TN 37066 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2032 Cartesios Precision Collison, LLC (#, 1702 PA-940, Pocono Pines, PA 18350 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2047 Ryno Resumes, LLC (#) 1015 Grupp Rd., Des Peres, MO 63131 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2032 Blue Oaks Financial LLC (#) 5716 Lonetree Blvd, Rocklin, CA 95765 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2032 
 F-53 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Motion Physical Medicine Wellness, PLLC (#, 8118 Fry Rd. #1102, Cypress, TX 77433 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/2/2047 Ghostcat Holdings, LLC and VJ Supply Inc (#, 392 N Lake Rd., Hoover, AL 35242 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 Silbertechit LLC (#, 23 Sussex Rd., Bergenfield, NJ 07621 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 Vanguard Utility Service, Inc. (#, 1421 West 9th St., Owensboro, KY 42301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 The Elysian Fields Optimum Wellness Mental HealthGroup, LLC (#, 2222 North Howard St., Baltimore, MD 21218 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 North America Lighting LLC (#, 8509 Phoenix Dr., Manassas, VA 20110 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 1st Choice Property Services LLC (#, 554 Deer Ridge Ln S, Maplewood, MN 55119 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 World Fire Protection Inc (#, 41905 Boardwalk, Palm Desert, CA 92211 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 Eagle Theater Corp,Beautiful City LLC,Eagle Theater Operating LLC (#, 1802 W. Main St.,, Robinson, IL 62454 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2047 Superior Equipment Repair Inc.and Timothy Ayles (#, 1905 Aviation Blvd., Lincoln, CA 95648 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2047 Bella Sloan Enterprises LLC (#, 6950 Castor Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19149 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 Tomorrows LLC (#, 713 S Washington St., Junction City, KS 66441 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2047 TJ Rising Group LLC dba Gastrome Market and J's Restaurant Group LLC (#) 1359 E Weldon Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85014 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2032 Goodtimez Campground LLC (#, 43779 Van Dyke Ave., Sterling Heights, MI 48314 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 CameoFX Inc (#, 1 Park Plz., Irvine, CA 92614 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 Vanguard Utility Service, Inc. (#, 1421 West 9th St., Owensboro, KY 42301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2047 Get Your Beauty On LLC (#, 11150 Huron St, Northglenn, CO 80234 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 GARI'S TRUCK TIRES, LLC (#, 3006 Mountain Pass Blvd, Anthony, TX 79821 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2032 Central Florida Health and Rehab Clinic LLC (#, 3975 S Orange Blossom Trl, Orlando, FL 32839 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2047 Guy Driscoll dba Metal Parts Machine (#, 5551 Belle Ave, Cypress, CA 90630 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2032 Brianna Sawyer dbaPacific Mechanical Contractor (#, 1120 Sequoia St., Klamath Falls, OR 97601 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2032 Ambrosial Living LLC (#, 508 Olympia St., DeSoto, TX 75115 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2047 
 F-54 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

99 Sai Ram LLC dba South Main Wine Spirits (#, 442 S Main St., West Hartford, CT 06110 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2032 DA BUSINESS MANAGEMENT INC (#) 6700 Tampa Ave, Reseda, CA 91335 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Valley Remodel and repair LLC (#) 1103 W Sam St, Kent, WA 98032 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Six Mile Station LLC (#, 350 W Whalen St., Guernsey, WY 82214 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2047 Sterling Light Productions Inc (#, 6250 White Mill Rd, Fairburn, GA 30213 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Storm-Tek, Inc (#, 100 Glenborough Dr., Houston, TX 77060 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Pure Recovery California, Inc ,ZK Sports, LLC 239 Investments, LLC (#, 721 Mandalay Beach Rd., Oxnard, CA 93035 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Shepherd Fitness, LLC dba Workout Anytime Ooltewah and Shepherd Fitness (#) 9408 Apison Pike, Ooltewah, TN 37363 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Bullseye Products International, LLC (#, 3595 Polaris Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89103 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Johnson Racing Suspension (#) 153 Northway Park Rd, Machesney Park, IL 61115 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Phylicia Taniel Cook (#, 9A Rue Dubois, Lady s Island, SC 29907 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2032 Royal Home Care and Staffing LLC (#, 2288 Blue Water Blvd, Odenton, MD 21113 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2032 NetDVS Limited Liability Company (#, 164 Brighton Rd, Clifton, NJ 07012 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2032 Lowery Pena Construction Company Inc (#, 249 Mylnar Ave., Manteca, CA 95336 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2032 Sherwood Sporthorses Inc (#, 20530 Forestview, Magnolia, TX 77355 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2032 Matai's Creamery Inc (#, 152 S Aiken Ln, Aiken, SC 29803 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2032 LegacyWorx LLC dba HOTWORX (#, 1753 South Burlington Blvd., Burlington, WA 98233 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2032 SilverLo Enterprises LLC (#, 2720 Old Rosebud Rd, Lexington, KY 40509 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 Social Link LLC dba Must See Nashville (#, 1200 Clinton St., Nashville, TN 37203 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 HealThySelf HealThyWorld LLC (#, 3741 Parke Dr, Edgewater, MD 21037 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 Miksanek Enterprises Inc (#, 7633 East St Joe Hwy, Grande Ledge, MI 48837 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 Squarehaus LLC (#, 119 Regal Row, Ste. D, Dallas, TX 75247 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 
 F-55 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Olde Colonial Realty, Inc dba Olde Colonial Restoration (#, 2033 Forest Dr, Fayetteville, GA 30214 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 Pitmilly LLC (#) 28 Scarlet Oak Dr, Lafayette Hill, PA 19444 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 Hartman Family Wellness, PLLC. (#, 3951 Brown TRL, Colleyville, TX 76034 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2032 Alien Technologies Inc dba Apex Call Centers (#, 6640 Lusk Blvd., San Diego, CA 62121 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2032 Dahlberg Enterprises LLC dba Alpine Janitorial (#, 4070 Bluewing Ln., Washoe Valley, NV 89704 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2032 Melanj Hair LLC (#, 1668 Flagstone Ln., Conyers, GA 30012 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2032 CARMEN STOCKING LLC (#) 84122 Avendia Cedrus, Coachella, CA 92236 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2032 Relax Mind Body Massage PLLC (#, 3710 168th St NE, Arlington, WA 98223 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/19/2032 Redmond Investments LLC dba FiiZ Drinks (#) 2340 Texas Heritage Pkwy., Ste. 900, Brookshire, TX 77423 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/19/2032 CBK Construction LLC (#, 315 E North St., Kalamazoo, MI 49007 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2032 Taylor Events Inc. (#, 2502 Chelsea St., Orlando, FL 32803 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2032 Ambient Bamboo Products, Inc dba Floors Inc (#, 8230 Preston Ct., Jessup, MD 20794 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2032 Ag to go, LLC (#, 395 Summit Point Dr., Henrietta, NY 14467 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2032 OP Electric LLC (#, 1201 Silva St., Snohomish, WA 98290 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2032 B.G. Technical, Inc. Linal OG Services LLC (#, 12808 West Airport Blvd., Sugar Land, TX 77478 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2032 Salamanca Foods Inc. (#, 35 Church St., Salamanca, NY 14779 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2032 QVS Corporation dba Quilcene Village Store (#, 294235 US-101, Quilcene, WA 98376 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2047 Evolution Eats LLC (#) 843 Highland View Ln, Metamora, MI 48455 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2032 Terra Motor Sports LLC (#, 11935 124th Ave NE, Kirkland, WA 98034 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2032 Law Office Yesenia Collazo PA (#, 10200 NW 25th St., Doral, FL 33172 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/13/2047 IMO GLOW LLC (#, 4251 Salzedo St., Coral Gables, FL 33146 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2032 Jeremy Handyman Service LLC (#) 319 Spring Ln, Destin, FL 32541 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 
 F-56 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Royaltyzilla Associates LLC (#) 40315 Michigan Ave #99, Canton, MI 48188 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Lewes Bottom Line LLC (#, 32099 Conleys Chapel Rd, Lewes, DE 19958 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Maureen E Sweeney PsyD (#, 4612 Overland Rd, Bensalem, PA 19020 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Star Auto Body, LLC and Star Auto Fix (#, 1610 N Fairview St., Santa Ana, CA 92706 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2047 Russell Major (#) 5329 Main Rd, Sweet Valley, PA 18656 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Neitz Electrical Contracting LLC (#, 547 Crown St., Morrisville, PA 19067 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/11/2032 Active Learning Academy-Norton LLC (#, 2535 North Studio Rd., Bend, OR 97701 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/11/2047 PER-Gus, LLC (#, 70 River Run Rd., Keystone, CO 80435 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/8/2047 Royal Brand Resturants Inc dba Huckleberry s (#) 4360 W. Shaw Ave., Fresno, CA 93722 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2033 TSMA of Short Hills Inc (#, 531 Millburn Ave., Short Hills, NJ 07078 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2032 Bakersfield Glass and Window Inc M M Rogers LLC (#, 1030 Alta Vista Dr., 954, Bakersfield, CA 93305 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/8/2032 Eminat, LLC dba Eminat Research Group (#, 14601 SW 29th St., Miramar, FL 33027 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/8/2032 Little Milestones For Small Discoveries LLC (#, 28 Suburbia Dr, Jersey City, NJ 07305 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2032 Designer Golf Scorecards LLC (#) 1014 US-19, Holiday, FL 34691 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 4/1/2032 Jonathan D. Pratt dba Jon Pratt Carpentry (#) 1405 Canton Ave, Milton, MA 02186 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/1/2032 ZenDog, LLC (#) 858 C Ridge Rd, Duson, LA 70529 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2032 JLK Construction, LLC (#, 1214 Frederick Ave., St Joseph, MO 64501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2032 Robert H Lund DDS Inc. (#, 3829 Hayvenhurst Dr., Encino, CA 91436 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2032 Samson Cinema Holdings, Inc (#) 1400 Pile St., Clovis, NM 88101 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2048 New Life Center for Family Enrichment LLC (#, Plz. 38, 1509 Rte. 38, Units 1 2, Hainesport, NJ 08036 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2032 Appian Logic LLC (#, 911 Falls Manors Ct,, Great Falls, VA 22066 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2032 Remote Alaska Solutions Inc; Alaska Concrete Solutions Inc RAS (#, 450 S Old Trunk Rd., Palmer, AK 99645 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2032 
 F-57 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Brandon Liberty Enterprises LLC (#, 216 N Main St., Plattsburg, MO 64477 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2032 Lounge Around, LLC;Enlight, LLC;Hour Entertainment LLC;Bobby Morganste (#, 77 Buck Rd., Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2047 LINDBERG-TURNER MEDICAL EQUIPMENT LLC (#, 315 Mission St SE Ste. 100, Salem, OR 97302 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2032 Lounge Around, LLC;Enlight, LLC; Hour Entertainment LLC;Huntingdon (#) 77 Buck Rd., Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/1/2048 Jack's Legacy Services, LLC (#, 1901 Avacado Ave, Melbourne, FL 32935 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2032 All Green Turf Management LLC (#, 126 Emerald Ct, Liberty, SC 29657 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2032 Tiny's Gumbo Bar NYC LLC (#, 275 Church St., New York, NY 10013 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2032 Compass Innovations LLC (#, 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. C-114, San Diego, CA 92037 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Chantay Richards LLC (#) 19800 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90503 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Ignite Health Solutions LLC (#, 3251 Cedar St., Unit B, Philadelphia, PA 19134 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 SHIELD TRANSPORTATION INC (#) 9739 S Harlem Ave. Unit 3E, Chicago Ridge, IL 60415 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Rella Rells Solutions, LLC (#) 15401 Delahunty Ln., Pflugerville, TX 78660 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Aspen Welding LLC (#, 28803 Hwy. 6, Rifle, CO 81650 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2032 RS Dean Enterprises and RCSC Properties (#, 3609 RICHLAND AVE W, Aiken, SC 29801 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2047 The Atticus Group, LLC (#, 2 W Market St., West Chester, PA 19382 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2032 4 POINTS TOWING ROADSIDE SERVICE LLC;4 Points Automotive LLC and PNJ (#, 5425 Willow Grove Rd., Camden Wyoming, DE 19934 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2047 I'm HO-B LLC (#, 3320 Silas Creek Pkwy, Winston-Salem, NC 27103 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2032 All American Spirit Moving Co. LLC (#, 14512 SE 262nd St, Kent, WA 98042 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2032 JC Wild Birds LLC (#, 5020 N Nevada Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80918 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2032 
 F-58 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Alert Traffic Control, Inc and Remsund Group Inc (#, 543 Sower Dr, Bayfield, CO 81122 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2047 Wonderly Trucking Excavating, LLC and Wonderly Real Estate, LLC (#, 3939 Fremont Pike, Perrysburg, OH 43551 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2032 Little Angels Daycare and Learning Center LLC and Laboy Diaz LLC (#) 4551 Summit Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2048 Leedann Properties LLC (#) 534 Mill St SE, Gainesville, GA 30501 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2032 Todd Eric Chumbley and Neptune Aquarium Design Inc (#, 11315 Sunrise Gold Cir., Rancho Cordova, CA 95742 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2032 Early Care Evolution LLC (#) 823 Roget Way, Lawrenceville, GA 30045 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2032 Happy Employment LLC (#, 268 Brookdale Dr, Little Elm, TX 75068 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2047 Impresa Building Systems of Greenwood, SC, LLC (#) 161 Rock Church Rd. SE, Greenwood, SC 29649 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2032 Lehigh Auto Sales and Service LLC (#) 826 Hanover Ave, Allentown, PA 18109 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2032 GAIA INC (#) 513 1st St, Cheney, WA 99004 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2032 Zenoff Products. Inc. (#, 25 Tamalpais Ave, San Anselmo, CA 94960 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2032 Firm Foundations, Inc. (#, 1455 S Richland Creek Rd, Sugar Hill, GA 30518 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2032 Evolving Nurse, LLC (#) 2940 Noble Rd., Cleveland Heights, OH 44121 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2048 GreenLite Holdings LLC (#, 2415 E Camelback Rd., Phoenix, AR 85016 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2032 Venture 35 LLC (#, 871 Buck Swamp Rd., Goldsboro, NC 27530 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2032 East Side Muay Thai LLC (#) 2135 General Booth Blvd, Virginia Beach, VA 23454 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2032 Digital 1 Enterprises, Inc (#, 5521 Fort Ave, Lynchburg, VA 24502 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2032 Resurgence Medical Spa LLC (#, 3025 Matlock Rd., Arlington, TX 76015 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2032 
 Venture 35 LLC (#, 871 Buck Swamp Rd., Goldsboro, NC 27530 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2047 Sip E Cup 225 LLC (#, 1833 Beaumont Dr, Baton Rouge, LA 70806 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2032 Silbertechit LLC (#, 300 Tice Blvd., Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2032 
 F-59 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Tess Care Living Home LLC (#, 19200 SW Kinnaman Rd, Beaverton, OR 97078 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2032 North Atlanta Pediatrics and Family Care and Zuberi Medical Clinic, PC (#, 325 Lester Rd NW, Lawrenceville, GA 30044 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2032 HAVAM LLC Anderson and Mason LLC dba Foxes Bar Grill (#, 30 Welland Ave, Irvington, NJ 07111 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2047 Berens and Miller PA (#, 80 S 8th St., Ste. 3720, Minneapolis, MN 55402 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2032 Stuff by SJ LLC (#, 342 Bloomfield Ave., Montclaire, NJ 07042 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2032 AISJ1, Inc. dba America Italiana (#, 275 E Brokaw Rd., San Jose, CA 95112 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2032 Exclusive Automation, LLC dba Surety Automation (#, 488 Gilia Dr, Spring Creek, NV 89815 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2032 Charlotte County Painting and Resurfacing Inc. (#, 1439 Shields St., Port Charlotte, FL 33980 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2047 AMG Auto Inc (#, 1020 Rte. 22, Somerville, NJ 08876 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Stones Flippin Pizza, Inc (#, 127614 Clinton Keith Rd., Ste. D-102, Murrieta, CA 92562 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Ororeal LLC (#, 350 7th Ave., New York, NY 10001 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Hawthorne Country Store Inc (#, 665-675 W Grand Ave, Escondido, CA 92025 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Asad N. Chaudhry DDS PLLC;Asad N Chaudhry, LLC and MNC PROPERTIES (#, 2571 Baglyos Cir., Bethlehem, PA 18020 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Magnum Paving, Inc. and Steven Haws Enterprises Inc (#, 2425 S 10th Ave., Tucson, AZ 85713 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 MVT Contractors LLC (#, 46 Bayard St., Ste. 418, New Brunswick, NJ 08901 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Southdown Coffee, LLC;Southdown Coffee Port Jefferson, LLC Southdown (#) 49 Maple Ave, Sea Cliff, NY 11579 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/11/2032 Eminere Hair LLC (#, 303 W Division St, Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 Happier Now LLC (#) 724 Homestead Rd., La Grange Park, IL 60526 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2033 Two Chicks in the Mix LLC (#, 6018 Shenandoah Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90056 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2032 
 F-60 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

DTT Enterprises, LLc dba Highstroke Media (#, 6565 Austin Hope Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 CELEBRATIONS! LLC (#, 100 St. Marks St. Dr., South Pekin, IL 61564 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2047 Point Loma Tea, Inc.dba Sit Sip Tea (#, 2770 Historic Decatur Rd, San Diego, CA 92106 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 SOGO TRADING, INC (#, 23497 Eichler St, Hayward, CA 94545 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 Inno Knits, LLC and Sports Brand Group, Inc. (#, 2 Clerico Ln, Building 2 Ste. 221, Hillsborough Township, NJ 08844 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 NTIT Solutions, LLC dba GoLocker (#, 141 Flushing Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 Willows Associates Psychological Counselling Services Inc. and Bryan (#, 857 Turnpike St., North Andover., MA 01845 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 Far Out Tiny Homes, Inc. (#, 2870 E Serene Ave., Henderson, NV 89074 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2032 Szoj Jewelers Corp. (#, 6 Georgia St., Jackson Township, NJ 08527 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2032 LAST DROP FILMS, INC (#, 4536 Avocado St., Los Angeles, CA 90027 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2032 Edge Fitness Performance (#, 100 General Oakley Dr., Ashland City, TN 37015 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2032 Under the Rose Inc dba Avocado Cafe (#, 11 Primrose St, Palmer Lake, CO 80133 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2047 Heart to Heart Senior Care Center Inc (#, 125 Charlton Dr, Madison, MS 39110 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2032 Lion Inc. and Group1 Acquisitions LLC (#, 318 W Half Day Rd, Buffalo Grove, IL 60089 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2047 Wayne Rebarber D.C., P.C and Wayne C Rebarber (#, 307 Raritan Ave, Highland Park, NJ 08904 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2047 Malone Enterprises LLC dba Glass Doctor Auto of Midvale (#) 8395 700 W, Midvale, UT 84070 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2032 LoveBirds LLC dba Wine and Design Fayetteville (#, 113 Donaldson St., Fayetteville, NC 28301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2032 Rogers Remodeling LLC (#) 830 W 17th St., Bloomington, IN 47404 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2032 Pulaski Lumber Company Inc (#, 218 S 2ND ST Pulask,iIowa, Pulaski, IA 52584 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2032 Miramar MBA Financial Co (#, 8380 Miramar Mall, San Diego, CA 92121 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2032 Short Order LLC and Kimmy Sue, LLC (#, 2244 Wilmington Pike, Dayton, OH 45420 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2047 
 F-61 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Overgaard's Artcraft Printers Inc (#, 2213 S Michigan St., South Bend, IN 46613 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2032 PBKW Ltd dba KIDZ WATCH (#, 580 Craig Dr Ste 8, Perrysburg, OH 43551 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2032 Breakthrough Clinical Services LLC (#, 378 Windsor Ave., Windsor, CT 06095 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2047 Lions of Fortitude LLC dba : Fortitude Coffee Company (#, 13086 Crestbrook Dr., Manassas, VA 20112 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2032 Hardscape Factory LLC (#, 3069 Lodgepole Dr., Whiteland, IN 46184 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2032 EAZZY AUTOMOTIVE INC. dba Eazzy Auto Brokers Leasing (#, 17087 E 8 Mile Rd., Eastpointe, MI 48021 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2047 Aracena Agency Corp (#, 1767 NJ-10 Unit 4, Morris Plains, NJ 07950 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2032 SidEats Inc and Mad Twist, LLC (#, 3633 S Ridgewood Ave, Port Orange, FL 32129 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Gravy LLC dba Gravy and Salt Schmaltz LLC (#, 17629 Vashon Hwy SW, Vashon, WA 98070 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2047 Morris Law Firm P C (#, 375 Linwood Ave., Buffalo, NY 14209 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 S. Heaney Marine Construction Inc (#, 118 Washington Ave, Greenport, NY 11944 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Braswell Services, LLC (#, 139 Miller Ave, New Boston, TX 75570 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Benjamin J. Gush dba Professional Auto Wash (#, 1345 Athalia Ave, Monessen, PA 15062 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Brittany L Smith dba Money Ball Enterprises (#, 17 Davis Ave, Salem, NJ 08079 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2047 Erupted Vapor LTD (#, 6303 NE Hwy 99, Vancouver, WA 98665 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Candor Homes, LLC (#, 217 NW Scott St, Ankeny, IA 50023 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Praeder Ranch Resort L.L.C (#, 30400 S Sunray Trail, Worley, ID 83876 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2047 Finishing Touch Lawncare and Landscape LLC (#, 38575 Kost Trail, North Branch, MN 55056 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Jason Watt Pictures, LLC. (#, 110 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11249 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 Grey Enterprises LLC (#, 1035 Pine Ave, Union, NJ 07083 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 Action Lock and Key LLC (#, 18428 N 32nd Dr., Phoenix, AZ 85053 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 Sunny Deals LLC (#, 757 E Lewis and Clark Pkwy, Clarksville, IN 47129 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 
 F-62 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Fisher Custom Carpentry (#, 79 Longwood Dr., Portland, ME 04102 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 J.D Towing LLC (#, 1122 E Michigan Ave, Ypsilanti, MI 48198 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 CFB Labor Solutions LLC (#, 3330 Jack RD STE B, Clayton, NC 27520 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2032 Puget Sound Plastering LLC (#, 19104 Des Moines Memorial Dr, SeaTac, WA 98148 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2032 KAAST Machine Tools Inc (#, 3 Merion Ter., Aldan, PA 19018 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2032 Titheotokos, LLC (#, 1995 US-1, Vero Beach, FL 32960 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2047 Howell Chiropractic Center, PLLC (#, 975 Riverbend Rd., Frankfort, KY 40601 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2032 21st Century Living LLC (#, 637 Violet Ave, Hyde Park, NY 12538 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2047 Northern Block Cortland LLC (#, 38 Scammell St, Cortland, NY 13045 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2032 Prepster Brands LLC (#, 401 McCalmont Rd, Renfrew, PA 16053 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2032 Destined BJJ LLC (#, 33390 Barmetta Ln, Temecula, CA 92592 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2032 Red-Cap Industrial LLC (#, 3314 GA-24, Waynesboro, GA 30830 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2032 PlantBased Innovations LLC (#, 320 Hamilton St, Leominster, MA 01453 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2032 IMO GLOW LLC dba IMO Cosmetic Dermatology (#, 55 SE 6 St., Miami, FL 33131 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2032 The Refined RN LLC (#, 7 Kimball Ln, Lynnfield, MA 01940 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2032 Blessing Hands Home Care LLC (#, 610 N Jackson St, Raymore, MO 64083 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 A RS CPR LLC dba CPR Cell Phone Repair Beaverton (#, 3905 SW 117th Ave, Oregon City, OR 97045 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 Sherwood Hospitality Group LLC and Sherwood Walker Properties LLC (#, 5404 Hoover Blvd, Tampa, FL 33634 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2047 Kinly Signs, Inc (#, 2485 County Rd. 1, South Point, OH 45680 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 Icebox Caf L.C (#, 219 NE 3rd St., Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 Sound Track USA LLC (#, 6309 NW 99th Ave, Doral, FL 33178 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 Mike N Jac Enterprises, Inc. dba Batteries Plus (#, 115 Fairview Rd, Unit 8, Ellenwood, GA 30294 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 
 F-63 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Mack Thornton Logistics LLC dba The UPS Store (#, 300 A Ave. Building 1605, Fort Lee, VA 23801 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2032 Easy Touch Personal Home Care (#, 4284 Hwy 5, Douglasville, GA 30135 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2047 NBR Group LLC (#, 1068 Pontiac Rd, Drexel Hill, PA 19026 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 530 Strength Conditioning (#, 629 Entler Ave, Chico, CA 95928 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 Electronics Row LLC (#, 10601 W Interstate 70 Frontage Rd N, Wheat Ridge, CO 80033 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2032 Black Phoenix Enterprises LLC (#, 228 Park Ave S, New York, NY 10003 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Wbe line services, LLC (#, 4 Terry Dr Ste. 11, Newtown, PA 18940 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 MAIC Operations Corp (#) 2145 Couty Rd. 39, Southampton, NY 11968 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Unlimited Communication, Inc (#, 1238 E Beamer St., Ste. A, Woodland, CA 95776 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Donald Patton dba Splash N' Go (#, 3367 Hwy 48 N, Charlotte, TN 37036 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2047 Mr and B Snacks Inc (#, 1391 Clay St., Elmont, NY 11003 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Temecula Electrical Supply Inc (#, 41992 Avenida Alvarado, Temecula, CA 92590 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Flavor Junction LLC (#, 5 Karbe Pl, Dix Hills, NY 11746 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Hillside Kitchens Inc. (#, 345 Hillside Ave. Ste C, Williston Park, NY 11596 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Brooklyn Cannery LLC (#, 145 12th St, Brooklyn, NY 11215 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2032 J R Bolton Services, Inc and My Guy Heating Air Conditioning Inc (#, 160 Peachtree Industrial Blvd, Sugar Hill, GA 30518 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2032 Liberty Lane Stables LLC (#, N5090 Bowers Rd, Elkhorn, WI 53121 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2047 Enchanted Jewelry CT LLC Keith and St George Enterprises, LLC (#, 26 Tanglewood Dr, Preston, CT 06365 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2047 4MAS Grooming Inc (#, 148 Burnetts Way, Suffolk, VA 23434 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2032 FAVIS USA INC (#, 5321 Perimeter Pkwy, Montgomery, AL 36116 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2032 Tidal commerce Inc (#, 2100 Clearwater Dr, Oak Brook, IL 60523 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2032 
 F-64 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Phat Patrick Tran Winfield Kenny Auto Service (#, 3637 Snell Ave, San Jose, CA 95136 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2032 Commercial Properties R US LLC (#, 3800 Inverrary Blvd, Lauderhill, FL 33319 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2032 Behr Enterprise Solutions LLC (#, 110 Garren Rd, Belton, SC 29627 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/15/2032 GET CLEAN SERVICES LLC (#, 4100 W Eldorado Pkwy STE 100-64, McKinney, TX 75070 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2032 Faza Contractors Inc. (#, 798 Prairie Rd, West Palm Beach, FL 33406 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2032 Spickard Agency LLC (#, 6874 Reinhardt College Pkwy., Waleska, GA 30188 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2032 Apple Spider LLC dba The Huntsman Renninger Properties LLC (#, 4923 Buck Lake Rd, Tallahassee, FL 32317 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2047 Initium Health (#, 1401 Wewatta St, Wheat Ridge, CO 80202 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2032 GREEN COPPERFIELD LLC (#, 7730 Pinemont Dr, Houston, TX 77040 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2032 JOSEPH COSTA dba COSTA AG COMPLIANCE (#, 27912 Cooperstown Rd., La Grange, CA 95329 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2032 William R Kretzer LLC (#, 10375 Park Meadows Dr, Lone Tree, CO 80124 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2032 Yachting Solutions LLC (#, 229 Commercial St., Rockport, ME 04856 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2032 AJ Benavidez Inc dba The Camp Transformation Center (#, 417 Unity Ct., Roseville, CA 95678 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2032 DA VINCI FILMS LLC dba MEATPACKING PRODUCTIONS (#, 2813 Palisade Ave, Union City, NY 07087 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2032 NaSH Lifestyle LLC (#, 123 Emery St., Hempstead, NY 11550 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2047 589 11th Tavern Inc.dba MCQUAIDS PUBLIC HOUSE (#) 589 11th Ave., New York, NY 10036 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2032 Homescapes LLC (#, 170 Kehle Rd, Madison, MS 39110 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2032 Tatum Global Services LLC (#) 8097 Sudley Rd, Manassas, VA 20109 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2032 Safetypawz LLC (#, 11110 Sunset Hills Rd, Reston, VA 20195 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2032 Redwell Enterprises LLC (#, 417 Red Well Rd, New Holland, PA 17557 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2032 Sacred Space Midwifery, LLC (#, 16050 Wayne St., Union, MI 49130 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2047 
 F-65 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Element RCM, LLC (#, 8354 Northfield Blvd., Ste. 300, Denver, CO 80238 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2032 Lee Phamily Group, LLC dba Nothing Bundt Cakes (#, 701 N Milwaukee Ave, Vernon Hills, IL 60061 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/4/2032 JayJs Zone LLC dba Wing Zone (#, 1860 Front St., East Meadow, NY 11554 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/4/2032 Satsuma Resources LLC dba Triumph International (#, 22 N Bardsbrook Cir., Ste. 201, Spring, TX 77382 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/4/2032 Neuline Health Management LLC (#, 1402 S Custer Rd, McKinney, TX 75072 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/4/2032 Coffee Sales LLC (#, 85 N Gould St. Ste. 400, Sheridan, WY 82801 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/4/2032 GUY HANCOCK INVESTMENTS, INC.dba GUY'S AIR CONDITIONING HEATING (#, 19917 FM 1485 Rd., New Caney, TX 77357 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/3/2032 Third Coast Parasail Company (#, 1237 N Stingaree Dr, Crystal Beach, TX 77650 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/2/2047 James Hercey dba East River Armament (#, 274 Chapelview Rd., Bluefield, WV 24701 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/2/2032 Tasker Healthcare Group P.C. (#, 910 E Willow Grove Ave., Wyndmoor, PA 19038 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2032 Arcas Machine Inc (#, 700 N Neely St, Gilbert, AZ 85233 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2032 Change Inc,Turning Leaf Agency Inc,Change Meadowbrook Manor Inc (#, 1251 South Main St., Middletown, CT 06457 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2032 Tasker Healthcare Group, P.C. and Cleotomarie, LLC (#, 910 E Willow Grove Ave, Wyndmoor, PA 19038 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2047 JG Beauty Group Inc dba SUGARINGNYC DALLAS (#, 11617 Coral Hills Dr., Dallas, TX 75229 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 The Natural Place Medspa Inc and The Natural Place Property Management (#, 11975 Main St., Broomfield, CO 80020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2047 BITM Legacy LLC dba 911 Restoration of San Antonio (#, 15555 tradesman Ste 200, San Antonio, TX 78249 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2032 Choice Care Learning Centers Inc (#, 123 Park Ln Dr, Rutherfordton, NC 28139 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2047 Apex Grading Inc (#, 3156 Gloria Ter, Layfayette, CA 95429 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2032 Cutone Company Consultants, LLC (#, 43 W 33rd St., New York, NY 10001 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2047 Sims Management Services LLC (#, 2905 Eastern Willow Ave., Orlando, FL 32808 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2032 ALTAMAHA DME INC (#, 477 S 1st St, Jesup, GA 31545 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2032 
 F-66 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

LR Greenview LLC dba Teaspoon (#, 2977 Ygnacio Valley Rd., Walnut Creek, CA 94598 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2032 TAMARIND LEARNING INC (#, 20283 FL-7, Boca Raton, FL 33498 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2032 K A Automotive Inc (#, 2070 Nooseneck Hill Rd, Coventry, RI 02816 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2047 S W Sales and Service LLC (#, 240 Industrial Park Rd, Fort Valley, GA 31030 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2032 TeugByeolHan Licensed Clinical Social Worker Inc (#, 1611 S Pacific Coast Hwy, Redondo Beach, CA 90277 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2032 1st Star Alacer LLC (#, 2251 Dehne Rd,, Northbrook, IL 60062 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/25/2032 Shauna Roberts Licensed Marriage Family Therapist (#, 2270 Douglas Blvd, Roseville, CA 95661 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/24/2032 Kynytyx, Inc. (#, 990 Station Rd, Bellport, NY 11713 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2032 Treehouse Charcuterie, Inc dba Graze Craze (#, 47 Straits Rd., Hatfield, MA 01002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2032 CJAUTOPROS L.L.C. (#, 943 Asheville Ave., Apt 207, Fort Mill, SC 29708 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2032 Normandie Eateries Inc (#, 10111 Normandie Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90044 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2032 Strive Design Inc dba Fully Promoted (#, 22221 Palos Verdes Blvd, Torrance, CA 90505 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2032 Better Care Homes LLC (#, 26677 W. 12 Mile Rd, Southfield, MI 48034 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2032 KILTED BUILDERS, LLC dba KILTED HOME REPAIR (#, 42 Stonehenge Dr., Henniker, NH 03242 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2032 Maverick Well Service LLC (#, 300 Farm to Market Rd. 1252 E, Kilgore, TX 75662 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2032 TruYou Aesthetics LLC (#, 3493 Rankin Ferry Loop, Louisville, TN 37777 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2032 Wibaux Industries, L.L.C. dba Wibaux General Store (#, 121 Wibaux St., Wibaux, MT 59353 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2032 Astrodynamic Wines, LLC dba Oceano Wines (#, 485 Morro Bay Blvd., Morro Bay, CA 93442 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2032 MNJR0912 Inc dba HOTWORX (#, 2703 East Broadway, Columbia, MO 65201 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 Vines Bines, LLC dba Vintage Views Bar (#, 515 Owens Way, Severna Park, MD 21146 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2032 Elizabeth Heil dba Harmony Hair Design (#, 244 West Main St., Ste. 2, Goshen, NY 10924 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2032 Gs Chips inc (#, 1010 4th St. SE, Canton, OH 44707 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2032 
 F-67 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Creek Outdoors LLC dba Creek Archery (#, 114 McGrogan Rd., Ruffs Dale, PA 15679 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2032 11th Avenue, Inc.f/k/a Groopville Inc; Groopdealz, LLC and Grizzly Riv (#, 2728 E 14th North, Idaho Falls, ID 83401 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2047 Fulton Beer Hall LLC dba Fulton Hall (#, 250 Ashland Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11217 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2032 Elite Roofing LLC (#, 3600 Chamberlain Ln., Louisville, KY 40241 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2032 Equestrian Services International, LLC (#, 1261 F Rd, Loxahatchee, FL 33470 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2032 Prime Way USA LLC dba Primeway Wood (#, 3700 NW 124th Ave., Unit #137, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2032 Atlas Tr Inc dba Atlas General Construction (#, 36391 Haley St., Newark, CA 94560 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2032 HPT SOLUTIONS, INC. (#, 1215 Lake Rise Overlook, Gallatin, TN 37066 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2032 Concord Technologies Inc (#, 4635 SE 44th Ave, Portland, OR 97206 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2032 Clinical Assessment Group, LLC (#, 4801 Lang Ave NE, Albuquerque, NM 87109 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/6/2032 Matthew McDonough dba Changing Gearz (#, 161 Main St, West Newbury, MA 01985 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/6/2032 OPC Group LLC (#, 45 Irving Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11237 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2032 Life at the Beach LLC dba Garra Spa (#, 5675 N Atlantic Ave, Cocoa Beach, FL 32931 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2032 3815 Media, Inc. (#, 3201 Peachtree Corners Cir., Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 3 Generations LLC (#, 2800 Baton Rouge Rd, Williamstown, KY 41097 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2032 Inspired Education 2 LLC dba Happy Days 2 (#, 221 Edinburg Rd., Mercerville, NJ 08619 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Altitude Roofing LLC (#, 2909 N Tindle Blvd, Flagstaff, AZ 86004 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 CPH Milpitas LLC dba Curry Pizza House (#, 1806 Milmont Dr., Milpitas, CA 95035 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Calderon Insurance Agency dba California Liberty Insurance (#, 5127 Franklin Blvd, #3, Sacramento, CA 95820 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Arclight Industries LLC (#, 340 Quail Run Rd,, Venetia, PA 15367 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Champion Volleyball Club of Houston LLC (#, 19418 Pinehurst Trail Dr., Humble, TX 77346 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 
 F-68 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Monticello Corporation dba Reid Super Save Market #3 and Millclem (#, 600 Preston Ave, Charlottesville, VA 22903 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Beyond the Numbers CPAs Inc (#, 1004 Lewis Ave., Billings, MT 59102 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 NORTHCOMM LLC dba RFS Construction (#, 213 Cascade View Ct., East Wenatchee, WA 98802 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Nova Engineering Inc (#, 4373 Viewridge Ave., Ste. A, San Diego, CA 92123 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 The Dance Affair, Inc (#, 850 N Winchester Blvd, San Jose, CA 95128 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Hacienda Car Wash Inc. (#, 2400 S Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75032 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Pole Dance Carolinas LLC dba PoleFit Carolinas (#, 9826 Gilead Rd., C -200, Hunterville, NC 28078 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Kosovar Corporation dba La Vista Ristorante Italiano (#, 355 Smith Ridge Rd., South Salem, NY 10590 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Eastern Aero Marine, Inc, dba EAM Worldwide (#, 5502 NW 37th Ave., Miami, FL 33142 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 RV'S-4-Less dba RV Liquidation Center (#, 984 W Shaw Ave., Clovis, CA 93612 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Belcher's Electric LLC (#, 138 Dorchester St., Greenwood, SC 29646 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Clean Pro 1, LLC (#) 385 Boston Post Rd, Orange, CT 06477 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2047 Lillie Mae's Place LLC (#, 57 Main St., East Haven, CT 06512 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Henry J Fishman MVPC (#, 2021 K St. Ste. 400 NW, Washington, DC 20006 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Happy Wheels Charter LLC (#, 4 Old Elm St., Salusbury, MA 01952 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 The Queen Ready Mix, Inc. (#, 8702 Liberty Rd., Houston, TX 77028 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Hacienda Car Wash Inc. (#, 2400 S Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75087 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Bright Horizons Preschool, LLC (#, 275 Enterprise Dr., Valdosta, GA 31601 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Freedom Construction LLC (#, 2897 E Massengale Rd., Shelbyville, IN 46176 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Unique Surveillance LLC and Fast Guard Service Worldwide, LLC (#, 925 South 21st Ave., Hollywood, FL 33020 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 CS Concept Holdings, LLC and CS Holdings 409 South Main, LLC (#, 4350 Canada Rd, :, Lakeland, TN 38002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Lotus Care LLC (#, 14000 Sunfish Lake Blvd, NW, MN 55303 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 
 F-69 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Alaska Demolition, LLC (#, 2817 Rampart Dr., Anchorage, AK 99501 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2046 M-23 Mechanical Systems (#, 2974 Betsy Way, San Jose, CA 95133 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Outdoor Equipment Manufacturer, LLC (#, 3520 NW 51st St., Miami, FL 33142 Textile Product Mills Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Riaz and Son Inc and Uddin Family Realty (#, 100-15 94th Ave., Ozone Park, NY 11416 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 Nyssa Mercantile, LLC (#, 119 Main St., Nyssa, OR 97913 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 PKLoop Peer LLC (#, 1051 Kaylie St., Grand Prairie, TX 75052 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Sk8 House Virginia Beach LLC (#, 600 Lynnhaven Pkwy, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Nyssa Mercantile LLC (#, 119 Main St., Nyssa, OR 97913 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 The Beginning Zone (#, 13709 S. Wilkie Ave, Gardena, CA 90249 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 Kinly Signs Corporation (#, 2485 County Rd. 1, South Point, OH 45680 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Scott Hollingsworth Equipment Company (#, 17621 Perkins Rd., Baton Rouge, LA 70810 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 The Handyman Clarksville, LLC (#, 2727 Union Hall Rd, Clarksville, TN 37040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 LDI Energy Services, LLC (#, 6519 103 West Ave., Tioga, ND 58852 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Mobile Bottling Source LLC (#, 611 Green Sage Way, las Vegas, NV 89138 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Rana N. Hassan, M.D P.C (#, 71 Franklin Ave., Franklin Square, NY 11010 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Plantation Shutter Co Inc (#, 11704 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90275 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 C C Contracting (#, 10620 Southern Highlands Pkwy., Las Vegas, NV 89141 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 LDI Energy Services, LLC dba LDI Excavation (#, 6519 103 West Ave., Tioga, ND 58852 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 HHLM LLC (#, 535 Shawmut Ave, Boston, MA 02118 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 BYC - La Quinta LLC dba Broken Yolk Cafe (#, 78430 CA-111, La Quinta, CA 92253 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Yours II Cosmetology Academy Inc (#) 1416 W Columbia Ave, Battle Creek, MI 49015 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2047 
 F-70 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

QUICK DROP IMPOUNDING, TOWING RECOVERY, INC (#, 2565 Lake Rockaway Rd SW, Conyers, GA 30012 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2046 Alaska Industrial Paint, LLC and Endeavor Properties LLC (#) 1301 North Post Rd., Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2047 Inobe LLC dba BLD2GO (#, 1146 W Buckeye Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85007 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2046 Storm Trooper Transportation Corp (#, 2205 W Highland Ave, San Bernardino, CA 92407 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 Lauren Taylor Beauty LLC dba Evolution Body Works (#, 195 E 4th St. Ste. 10, Long Beach, CA 90802 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 Storm Trooper Transportation Corp (#, 2205 W Highland Ave, San Bernardino, CA 92407 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2046 Mercury Pharmacy Corporation (#, 480 Chadbourne Rd., Fairfield, CA 94534 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 360 GRIP AND ELECTRIC LLC and Julien Janigo (#, 3500 Eagle Rock Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90065 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 Unlimited Investors Group, Inc. (#, 252 Aster Pl., Hampstead, NC 28443 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Theramove Diagnostics LLC (#, 110 West Rd., Towson, MD 21204 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Regal Express Corporation (#, 4122 County Rd. 516, Matawan, NJ 07747 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Robo-Breaking New York Inc (#, 302A W 12th St, New York, NY 10014 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Nextstep Counseling Services, LLC (#, 1707 Linwood Dr., Paragould, AR 72450 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 First Lone Star Pharmacy Group II, LLC dba Trinity Pharmacy (#, 1925 East Rosemeade Pkwy., Carrollton, TX 75007 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2046 
 First Lone Star Pharmacy Group LLC (#, 6901 Preston Rd, Dallas, TX 75205 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Vidya Technologies LLC (#, 2509 George Mason Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 SoCal Propane LLC (#, 220 N San Jacinto St., Hemet, CA 92543 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Ponce Ponce, Inc (#, 3015 NW 74th Ave, Miami, FL 33122 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Logo Concepts LLC (#, 1265 W 1275 North #2, Centerville, UT 84014 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Brooker Construction LLC dba Sampson Tree Service (#, 2170 SW Conant Ave., Port St. Lucie, FL 34953 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 VENDALL VENTURES LLC (#, 25027 South Interstate, WaKeeney, KS 67672 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 
 F-71 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Invisishield, L.L.C (#, 6120 Louetta Rd., Houston, TX 77379 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 MR3 LLC dba dba Union Fence (#, 1340 Hartford Ave., Johnston, RI 02919 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 Leedann Properties LLC (#, 534 Mill St SE, Gainesville, GA 30501 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 Venture Coffee Company, LLC dba Venture Roastery (#, 13406 W Center Dr., Lakewood, CO 80228 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Maxwell, Hendry Simmons LLC (#, 1619 Jackson St., Fort Myers, FL 33901 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 La Taqueria, Inc. (#) 10 Greenwich Ave, GREENWICH, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2032 SEC LLC (#, 4470 Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90027 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 JMJ Sales Group LLC (#, 210 S. Linn Ave.,, Wentzville, MO 63385 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Milson Restaurants LLC dba El Chico Granbury (#, 1151 E US Hwy. 377, Ste. #110, Granbury, TX 76048 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 LGB Tax and Accounting LLC dba Loretta GriefBarbaro EA (#, 2944 Valentine Pl, Wantagh, NY 11793 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2046 Sivalingam Medical Corporation, Inc dba First Valley Medical Group (#, 44725 10th St W, Ste 210, Lancaster, CA 93534 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Throop Family Holdings Inc dba Rogue Metal Supply (#, 7130 Crater Lake Hwy, White City, OR 97503 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Empowering Families Educational Services (#, 504 W Baseline Rd, STE A, Glendora, CA 91740 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Good Fortune Supermarket (Rhode Island) Corp (#, 101 Cadillac Dr, Providence, RI 02907 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Cooks BBQ Products dba Cooks International (#, 7 World Trade Center, New York, NY 10006 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Quandry Enterprises LLC dba Twinkle Toes Nanny (#, 1600 E Sunrise Blvd, Fort. Lauderdale, FL 33304 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Aqua Salon and Spa LLC (#, 6730 Post Rd., North Kingston, RI 02852 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2046 Avtek Integration Services, Inc (#, 4733 122nd Ave. N., Unit E, Pinellas Park, FL 33762 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 TSM New Beginnings (#, 8850 W Sunset Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89148 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 The Great Gatsby Motel Inn Corporation (#, 214 County Hwy. 152, Northville, NY 12134 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2046 Erin Dewey dba Castle Rock Bakery (#, 160 Huntington Ave., Ste. A B, Castle Rock, WA 98611 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 
 F-72 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

First Choice Brokerage Corporation First Choice Strategies LLC First (#, 822 A1A N, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 Smart Wired Services LLC (#, 123 McCreary Rd., New Brighton, PA 15066 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 CTS MANAGEMENT USA INC (#, 17 Marion Ave., Franklin Park, NJ 08823 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 Corporate Tax Services, Inc. (#, 1250 Broadway 36th Floor, New York, NY 10001 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 Lloyd Hardware LLC (#, 2319 W. Ct. St., Janesville, WI 53548 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 IV Therapy Management Inc (#, 2 Sears Dr., Paramus, NJ 07652 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2032 EBG Re-Sell LLC (#, 26943 Ruether Ave, Santa Clarita, CA 91351 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 BGF Bobby Q's Inc (#) 365 W Sunrise Hwy, Freeport, NY 11520 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2047 Momentum Metal Finishing, Inc. (#) 1286 Anvilwood Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 Sky s The Limit Yoga Company (#, 115 W 25th St, Norfolk, VA 23517 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 ANR Insulation , LLC dba King Insulation (#, 25 N 47th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85043 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Phillips Rental RV, LLC (#, 5827 Stanida Cir., Holladay, UT 84121 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Nonnos Ice Cream Shoppe Inc (#, 270 Seabury St., Fall River, MA 02720 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2046 Blooms Pharmacy LLC (#, 16347 Middlebelt Rd, Livonia, MI 48154 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Stehlik Service and Tire INC (#, 2410 N Powers Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80915 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2046 Suha Signs LLC dba Signaramaa (#, 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2032 World Diamond Source, Inc (#, 2987 Center Port Cir., Ste.s 4 5, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2031 Railhead, Inc (#, 13800 Coppermine Rd., Herndon, VA 20171 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2031 NEW FRONTIER INSURANCE AGENCY OF FORT CALHOUN, INC (#, 510 North 14th, Fort Calhoun, NE 68023 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2031 Suha Promotions LLC dba Fully Promoted (#, 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2032 Suha Restaurants LLC dba The Great Greek Grill (#, 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 
 F-73 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Clean Energyz LLC (#, 881 Alma Real Dr, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2046 Myoung Lee Inc (#, 10251 Little Brier Creek Ln., Ste. 106, Raleigh, NC 27617 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2031 Broadway Ethos Holdings, LLC (#, 218 Elizabeth St, East Jordan, MI 49727 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2046 Foster the Community LLC (#, 13451 and 13453 Fishhawk Blvd, Riverview, FL 33569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2032 Freedom Toast LLC dba Sunrise Diner (#, 401 N Atlantic Ave, Ocean City, MD 21842 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2031 Sweet Pink s Creamery LLC dba Sweet Charlies (#, 391 Quill Dr, Dawsonville, GA 30534 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2031 Atomic Dog LLC dba Jack's Hard Cider (#, 1865 Gettysburg Village Dr., Unit 5, Gettysburg, PA 17325 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2031 Wilcompute (#, 200 W Pondera Ave., Lancaster, CA 93534 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2046 Patsy McCraken (#, 514 E Main St., Henryetta, OK 74437 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2031 Alley Taco 402, LLC dba Alley Taco 402 (#, 2002 Missouri Ave., Omaha, NE 68107 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2046 Mudshark Studios, LLC (#, 1930 NE Oregon St, Portland, OR 97232 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2031 Pinnacle Pools, Inc (#, 20442 Palomar St., Wildomar, CA 92595 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2032 BB's Childcare, LLC dba Brilliant Brains Learning Center (#, 7076 Blondo St., Omaha, NE 68104 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 HMG Strategy, LLC (#, 55 Post Rd. West, Westport, CT 06880 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 Cliff's Motor Inn, LLC (#, 4785 Saint Leonard Rd., Saint Leonard, MD 20685 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2046 Reliance Healthcare Services LLP dba Always Best Care Senior Services (#, 1101 Kings Hwy. N, Cherry Hill, NJ 08034 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 Metalhouse LLC (#, 4705 S. Apopka Vineland Rd., Orlando, FL 32819 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2031 Carolina Decompression and Physical Therapy LLC (#, 11618 US Hwy 70 W, Ste 106, Clayton, NC 27520 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 Pro Source Services, Inc dba Pro Source Services (#, 6970 Wallis Rd., West Palm Beach, FL 33413 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 RECS LLC dba Richmond Express (#, 1804 Dabney Rd., Richmond, VA 23230 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 Ryan M. White dba Precision Engraving and Signs (#, 2419 Heather Ave., Long Beach, CA 90815 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 
 F-74 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

CDM Field Services, Inc. dba Xcite Automotive (#, 328 South Jefferson St., Chicago, IL 60661 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 Ascent Holdings LLC and First Ascent, LLC (#, 3516 N Spaulding Ave, Chicago, IL 60618 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2032 JMH GROUP, LLC dba Hotworx Studio (#, 13435 University Ave, Clive, IA 50325 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2032 L.O.T Early Learning Center LLC (#, 650 NW 183rd St, Miami, FL 33169 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2031 Poquoson Law Group, P.C.and Holcomb Solutions, LLC (#, 720 Roger Brown Dr., Newport News, VA 23602 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2046 The Four Star Ranch, LLC (#, 238 Oak St, Medford, NY 11763 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2046 Runyaro Richardson dba Self Made Musicnaire (#, 14855 Memorial Dr, Houston, TX 77079 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2031 LR Greenview LLC dba Teaspoon (#, 2977 Ygnacio Valley Rd., Unit 2977, Pleasant Hill, CA 94523 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/24/2032 Edenburg Hospitality Inc (#, 2750 SW 145th Ave, Ste. 304, Miramar, FL 33027 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Southern Latitude Charters LLC (#, 425 N. Osprey Ave., Sarasota, FL 34236 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Alpine Rings, LLC (#, 2040 Independence Commerce Dr, Matthews, NC 28105 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 J Lan CPA Inc (#, 12225 South St, Artesia, CA 90701 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Flener IP Law, LLC (#, 77 West Washington St. Ste. 800, Chicago, IL 60602 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 Barahona Plumbing LLC (#, 2789 Jefferson Davis Hwy., Unit 107, Stafford, VA 22554 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2046 Gerland Investments, Inc dba Premier Martial Arts (#, 12611 I-10 West, Ste. 102, San Antonio, TX 78230 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 Cause of a Kind, LLC (#, 3989 Long Beach Rd., Island Park, NY 11558 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 OneCare Health-Advanced Practice Health Wellness Corp (#, 97 Port Richmond Ave., Staten Island, NY 10302 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 BECCS BROWS LLC (#, 3950 Long Beach Blvd, Ste. 203, Long Beach, CA 90807 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2046 Ryshaan LLC dba Fyzical Therapy and Balance Center (#, 3780 Riverchase Village, Ste. 900, Hoover, AL 35244 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2032 IVF Cryo LLC (#, 12526 Promise Creek Ln. (Building 3), Unit 326, Fishers, IN 46038 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2046 Kouklet LLC (#, 744 South St., Philadelphia, PA 19147 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 
 F-75 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

M M Liquidation (#, 16 Millstone, Irvine, CA 92606 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 Double Scoop Ice Cream Cascade LLC (#, 2970 Stonecrest Pass, Stonecrest,, GA 30038 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2046 New Magnolia Garden Center, Inc (#, 9620 Chicago Ridge Mall, Chicago Ridge, IL 60609 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 Pho 99 III Vietnamese Restaurant LLC (#, 3151 Rte. 27, Unit K, Franklin Park, NJ 08846 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 West Ballantyne Animal Hospital PLLC (#, 11926 Providence Rd W, Charlotte, NC 28277 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Guardian Cyber Solutions, LLC (#, 14011 Hollow Crest Pl., Riverview, FL 33579 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Caroline Cecil Textiles, LLC (#, 3834 N 35th Pl., Phoenix, AZ 85018 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Dayo J. Jones dba DayoSense (#, 2306 South Eddy St., Seattle, WA 98108 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Brevard Water Systems Sales Services Inc (#, 3101 US-1, Mims, FL 32754 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2031 EKGolf Inc (#, 10890 Douglas Ave, Urbandale, IA 50322 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2031 Uniglobal Pension Planning Inc (#, 4114 Legato Rd, Fairfax, VA 22033 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2031 Reset Cryotherapy LLC (#, 1220 20th St, Miami Beach, FL 33139 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2031 Jay Kalimai LLC (#, 310 S Robinson Dr, Waco, TX 76706 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2046 Ghioni Tax Accounting Solutions, LLC (#, 958 NE Kelly Ave, Gresham, OR 97030 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 Colin Forde DDS PC dba Family Cosmetic Dental Design (#, 7520 Montgomery Blvd NE Bldg C, Albuquerque, NM 87109 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2046 Kebab Daddy Inc (#, 3701 Ocean View Blvd. A-3, Montrose, CA 91020 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 Georgia Two-Way Inc (#, 1206 GA Hwy. 30 West, Americus, GA 31719 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 New Generation Products LLC (#, 5013 Pacific Hwy. E, Fife, WA 98424 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 US Ideal Diamond Cutting Works Inc (#, 5757 Alpha Rd.,Ste. 502, Dallas, TX 75240 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 Codame Enterprises LLC dba Firehouse Subs #142 (#, 1547 Main St., Dunedin, FL 34698 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 The Loyal Subjects Wave 2, LLC (#, 144 West Washington Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90007 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 Bofill's Barbeque LLC (#, 15159 South Cicero Ave., Oak Forest, IL 60452 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2047 
 F-76 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Cresson-Inn Bar Grille, Inc. (#, 114 Gay St., Manayunk, PA 19127 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2046 Branded Goods LLC (#, 1975 Stirling Rd., Ste.s A, B, and C, Davie, FL 33004 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 Sargas Pharmaceutical Adherence Compliance Intl, LLC (#, 109 H St., Bakersfield, CA 93304 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2046 Solo Creer LLC dba DoodyCalls (#, 13096 County Rd. 192, Tyler, TX 75703 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 ORCHID ENERGY SOLUTIONS (#, 3662 Clyde Park Ave. SW, Wyoming, MI 49509 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2031 Michelle Rianne Turney dba The Collective Salon Suites (#, 809 Frolich Dr., Midwest City, OK 73110 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/8/2032 LA SCAPES LLC (#, 1812 Portview Dr., Spring Hill, TN 37174 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2031 Bettencourt Flying Service, Inc. (#, 1066 South Bert Crane Rd., Atwater, CA 95301 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 New Mexico Rey LLC (#, 3520 Pan American Fwy NE, Albuquerque, NM 87107 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Paul Genzink LLC dba VSBL (#, 1332 Pinegrove NW, Grand Rapids, MI 49504 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Ricky W. Kent dba VT-Doors-N-More (#, 49 Mill Rd., Mount Tabor, VT 05739 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2046 Ecuadane, Inc. (#, 9 Windsor Ct., Purchase, NY 10577 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 The Soda Spot LLC (#, 7240 W. Azure Rd., Ste. #105, Las Vegas, NV 89130 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2032 Top Knot Studio, LLC dba Goldenrod Parlor (#, 220 NW 8th Ave., Ste. 50, Gainesville, FL 32601 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Sivalingam Medical Corporation, Inc dba First Valley Medical Group (#, 44725 10th St W, Ste 210, Lancaster, CA 93534 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 ECOCOSM, INC. (#, 201 Spear St., San Francisco, CA 94105 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Square One Step LLC (#, 10710 Barker Cypress Rd., Ste. B, Cypress, TX 77433 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/4/2032 Finally Pest Control, LLC (#, 12118 Sellerton Dr., Fishers, IN 46037 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2031 INE Incorporated dba Juice It Up Colton (#, 1040-1100 S. Mt. Vernon Ave., Riverside, CA 92507 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2032 JMC Auto,LLC (#, 644 Southfield Rd, Lincoln Park, MI 48146 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Arcas Machine Inc. (#, 700 N Neely St., Gillbert, AZ 85233 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 
 F-77 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

CPH Fremont South LLC CPH Palato , CPH Palo Alto, CPH Cupertino (#, 46703 Mission Blvd., Fremont, CA 94539 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 MDx BioAnalytical Laboratory, Inc (#, 5890 Imperial Loop Dr. Ste. 12, College Station, TX 77845 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Idiot Racing LLC dba Idiot Racing (#, 13701 Sweetwater Cove Pl., Tampa, FL 33613 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Pride Gymnastics Academy, LLC (#, 7801 Old Hwy 51, Broken Arrow, OK 74014 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 100 Permanent Inc. (#, 1315 N Larrabee, Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 LoCo Apparel LLC (#, 2201 Long Prairie Rd., Unit 107-314, Flower Mound, TX 75022 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Gin Ray International LLC (#, 8776 8778 NE Sandy Blvd., Portland, OR 97220 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2046 Half-Pass Ltd dba Canterbury Tack Apparel (#, 1291 West 137th Ct., Broomfield, CO 80023 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 HI5 HOME INNOVATION, LLC (#, 9187 Holliston Creek Pl., Winter Garden, FL 34787 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Cortlandt Racquet Club, Inc. dba (#, 2127 Albany Post Rd., Montrose, NY 10548 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2046 Potato Bros, LLC dba Crumbl Cookies Chicago Old Town (#, 1435 N Wells St., Chicago, IL 60610 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 La Cueva Inc (#, 9742 E Colfax Ave, Aurora, CO 80010 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2046 Kedai Indonesian Cafe (#, 110 S Mountain Ave., Upland, CA 91786 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Love at First Bite LLC dba Standlee's (#, 880 Blackwood Rd., Chula Vista, CA 91910 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2031 UnVeil Media Group LLC (#, 2251 Stone Pile Dr., Concord, NC 28025 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2031 Jason Watt Pictures, LLC (#, 110 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11249 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2031 Healthcare At Home LLC (#, 5243 Snapfinger Woods Dr., Unit #104, Decatur, GA 30035 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2046 By Modern Design LLC (#, 1436 Luz De Sol Dr., El Paso, TX 79912 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2031 Right Choice Accounting Solutions, LLC (#, 3210 Royal Creek Way, Lilburn, GA 30047 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2031 Owkalasho LLC dba The UPS Store 299 (#, 3755 Avocado Blvd., La Mesa, CA 91941 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2031 Tucker Management Group, LLC (#, 115 Tyler Rd., Remlap, AL 35133 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 
 F-78 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Kynytyx, Inc. (#, 990A Station Rd., Bellport, NY 11713 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2032 Voyager Scientific, LLC (#, 309 Washington St., Conshohocken, PA 19428 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 Sabri Enterprises, Inc. (#, 11134 Hoffman Dr., Germantown, MD 20876 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 M P_CAL, LLC dba Hotworx Anaheim Hills (#, 8086 East Santa Canyon Rd., Anaheim, CA 92808 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2032 Premiere, Inc (#, 615 North Landry Dr., New Iberia, LA 70563 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2031 Big Creek Travel LLC (#, 5020 Chase Ln., Cumming, GA 30240 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/19/2031 Balanced Health Fitness LLC dba F45 NW Reno (#, 5110 Mae Anne Dr., Ste. 702, Reno, NV 89521 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2032 J L Naturals LLC (#, 110 Oak Park Dr. Ste. 102, Mooresville, NC 28115 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 Barber's Home Innovations LLC (#, 3287 Enisgrove Dr E, Palm Harbor, FL 34683 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 Blue 360 Media, LLC (#, 2750 Rasmussen Rd., Park City, UT 84098 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 LN Accounting Advisor LLC (#, 611 Oakley St., Houston, TX 77006 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 Skate-A-While Longer, LLC (#, 220 Ridge St. and 229 South George St., Rome, NY 13440 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2046 Symmonds, LLC dba North End Tavern (#, 914 IA-5 Business North, Pleasantville, IA 50225 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2046 Mitchell Authentic Inc RockBox Fitness (#, 4880 Lower Roswell Rd, Marietta, GA 30068 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2032 Mary Rozzi LLC (#, 52153 Pipes Canyon Rd #552, Pioneertown, CA 92268 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2031 A D Enterprise Inc dba FastFrame (#, 4150 Legacy Dr., Ste 412, Frisco, TX 75034 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2031 Bella Ottica LLC dba Eyes on Towne Lake (#, 1075 Buckhead Crossing, Ste. 130, Woodstock, GA 30189 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2031 Because it's Better Inc (#, 84 Stonecrest Rd, Ridgefield, CT 06877 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Jed Thomas Consulting, Inc dba Woggle Consulting (#, 3 Trackside Dr., Kennebunk, ME 04043 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Agape R. E. Solutions LLC (#, 33 Market Point Dr, Greenville, SC 29607 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Shattered Prism LLC (#, 63 Flushing Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Be Known, LLC (#, 802 Evolve Way, Knoxville, TN 37915 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 
 F-79 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Greylab LLC dba Mighty Dog Roofing North DFW (#, 10215 El Cinco Dr., Frisco, TX 75033 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 SIDCOR Gunsmithing LLC (#, 3213 Catalpa Dr., Springfield, IL 62712 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 Angels Learning Center Inc,Hector A. Velasquez,Milene A. Velasquez (#, 2801 Central Ave., Union City, NJ 07087 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 Kotyark L.L.C.dba Gibsonton Motel (#, 11545 US Hwy 41 S, Gibsonton, FL 33534 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2031 Krown Records, LLC (#, 5311 S Big Horn Pl, Chandler, AZ 85249 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2031 The Gold Standard Accounting Tax Inc (#, 4911 Warner Ave Ste. 211, Huntington Beach, CA 92649 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2032 Orchard Collision, Inc (#, 14898 Telegraph Rd., Redford, MI 48239 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 New Greater Generation Family Funeral Group, LLC (#, 1400 N Hampton Rd, DeSoto, TX 75115 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Skaggs RV Outlet, LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr., Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Tony D's Hooked, LLC (#, 378 Rope Ferry Rd. aka Mago Point Way, Waterford, CT 06385 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Generation Real Estate Accumulation Team- and Zillah Investments LLC (#, 4390 Commerce Cir., Idaho Falls, ID 83401 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 WALKING URGENT CARE, INC (#, 10308 W Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Timothy A Chapamn dba Tim's Auto Tech (#, 62 North Canal St., Oxford, NY 13830 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Coast 2 Coast Restoration LLC,Coast 2 Coast Real Estate LLC (#, 3505 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Faxon Enterprises Inc (#, 3107 Nichols Ave., Bay City, TX 78259 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC, a Florida Liimited Liability Company (#, 2301 N Marginal Rd., Cleveland, OH 44114 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Garage Floor Coating of MN.com, LLC (#, 6701 W 23rd St, Minneapolis, MN 55426 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 OSSA LLC (#, 300 Iberia St., Youngsville, LA 70503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Lively's Collision, Center LLC (#, 5115 Jefferson Davis Hwy., North Augusta, SC 29841 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 LOVEBUG NUTRITION Inc (#, 115 E 34th St., New York, NY 10156 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 
 F-80 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Motion Physical Medicine Wellness, PLLC (#, 13100 Wortham Center Dr., Houston, TX 77065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 Centre Storage and Matthew Wayne Vines (#, 1650 Clarence E Chesnut Jr Bypass, Centre, AL 35960 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Great II, LLC (#, 4390 Commerce Cir., Idaho Falls, ID 83401 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Group Vertical, LLC dba Group Vertical (#, 678 Front Ave. Northwest, Grand Rapids, MI 49504 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 SoCal Propane LLC (#, 220 N San Jacinto St, Hemet, CA 92543 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 Prestige Products of Central Florida, Inc dba Milcarsky's Appliances (#, 1180 Emma Oaks Trail, Lake Mary, FL 32746 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Metro of Livernois Inc (#, 17149 Livernois, Detroit, MI 48221 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2047 Norma Skin Care and SPA LLC (#, 3364 Coral Way, Miami, FL 33145 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Chris Landscaping Inc dba New England Tree Co. (#, 1139 Washington St., Stoughton, MA 02072 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Jafar and Jamal, Inc dba Foodland; IMAD Corporation (#) 11 Highland Ave., Malden, MA 02148 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 Pueblo Canyon, LLC, Matthew Benjamin Allen and Elizabeth Kelly Allen (#, 199 SAN ILDEFONSO Rd., LOS ALAMOS, NM 87544 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 TRI-COUNTY SERVICES, INC. and Andrew M Chehata (#, 4900 SW 51st St., Davie, FL 33314 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Agerton Timber LLC and Agerton Transportation, LLC (#, 3166 Aurelle Rd., Strong, AR 71765 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Daring Business Strategies Inc. (#, 600 Front St., Lynden, WA 98264 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 NMFM Consulting, LLC (#, 3636 Lake Ave., Wilmette, IL 60091 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 Creche N Crew, LLC (#, 3185 West Ward Rd., Dunkirk, MD 20754 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 Cj Real Estate Partners LLC (#, 1800 E Palm Ave, Tampa, FL 33605 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2047 Art Food Attitude Inc. dba Bamboo Leaf Thai Eatery (#, 724 Main St., Bradley Beach, NJ 07720 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 Catching Fish LLC dba Man Overboard Bait and Tackle (#, 1825 S. Patrick Dr., Ste. B, Harbour Beach, FL 32937 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 LuLu Kingdom LLC (#, 18 S. 20th St., Philadelphia, PA 19103 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Teaghlach Firearms LLC dba TFirearms (#, 117 S. Main St., Altus, OK 73526 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 
 F-81 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

JRBA Inc dba Bulger True Value (#, 1185 W Santa Fe St, Olathe, KS 66061 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 Strong Tower 10933, Inc. (#, 15530 NW US Hwy 441, Alachua, FL 32615 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 C.D.A. Serviceability Trust Inc (#, 4501 6th Ave, Tacoma, WA 98406 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2046 Momentum Metal Finishing Inc. (#, 1286 Anvilwood Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2046 Daisi Inc. (#, 10300 West Charleston Blvd., Las Vegas, NV 89135 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 Michael Risoldi's Auto Repair Inc. (#, 1435 WoodLn. Rd., Eastampton, NJ 08060 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 D M Properties, LLC (#, 2600 Coon Rapids Blvd. Nortwest, Coon Rapids, MN 55433 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 3-2-1 Go LLC dba Burgerz and Ballz (#, 868 Fulda Ave NW, Palm Bay, FL 32907 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Taurus Legacy, LLC dba Papas Diner (#, 626 FL-50, Clermont, FL 34711 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Forays, Ltd dba Northern Comfort (#, 2800 N. Lagoon Dr., Wasilla, AK 99654 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2046 Great Dog Products for Great People LLC dba Royal Frenchel (#, 13207 Squawwood Ln. SE, Rainier, WA 98576 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 RightTalents LLC (#, 639 Passaic Ave., Nutley, NJ 07110 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Black Market Restaurant Group Inc. dba Black Market Meal Prep (#, 29941 Aventura, Ste. K, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/24/2032 USA Security Services Corporation (#, 844 Hebron Ave., Glastonbury, CT 06033 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Teach 2 Teach Music Lessons, LLC (#, 184 Marshall Hill Rd., West Milford, NJ 07480 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Gateway Auto Service and Collision #2 Inc (#, 1205 South 8th Ave., Maywood, IL 60153 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2046 Rightworks Staffing Inc. (#, 1201 Kenwood Ave, Austin, TX 78704 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Ben Anderson 365 (#, 9920 Research Dr., Irvine, CA 93108 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Quinn da Matta Productions LLC (#, 2155 Outpost Dr, Los Angeles, CA 90068 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2031 Vincent Remodeling, LLC (#, 4667 Riverbend RdTrussville, Trussville, AL 35173 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2031 MDJ Chiropractic PC (#, 18009 Jamaica Ave, Jamaica, NY 11432 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2031 
 F-82 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Udder Free Only, LLC (#, 3603 Vinton Ave Unit 205, Los Angeles, CA 90034 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2031 Hurricane Beauty LLC (#, 1110 vandon loop, Berlin, NJ 08009 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Phillips Diesel Service LLC (#, 4150 S 32nd St W, Muskogee, OK 74401 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2046 Tiny Homer (#, 62361 Mary Miller Ave., Homer, AK 99603 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Oui Pastry LLC (#, 1905 Scenic Hwy N #10000b, Snellville, GA 30078 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Goode Tax and Resolution, LLC (#, 2527 Standifer Pl., Lanham, MD 20706 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Radiator Fans Unlimited LLC and Gros Holdings Unlimited, Inc (#, 6179 Alameda Ave, El Paso, TX 79905 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2031 Radiator Fans Unlimited LLC and Gros Holdings Unlimited Inc (#, 6179 Alameda Ave., El Paso, TX 79905 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2046 For The Love Athletics LLC (#, 225 N Downing St, Davidson, Davidson, NC 28036 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 JEMS Transportation Logistics LLC (#, 30715 Basil Trace Dr., Spring, TX 77386 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 SkyEstate LLC dba Vango's Drive Thru (#, 4000 Leap Rd, Hilliard, OH 43026 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 
 R S Chroniger Enterprises, LLC (#, 1681 Beech Ln, Hanover, PA 17331 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 Aaron Mahoney dba Alaska Gulf Coast Expeditions (#, 16347 Deerfield St,, Ninilchik, AK 99639 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 MTR Designs LLC (#, 205 North 12th St., Opelika, AL 36801 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 O O Welding Zone Corp (#, 2100 4th St., Orlando, FL 32824 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2046 MattCole Construction and Roofing, LLC (#, 2529 Boxford Ln., Cordova, TN 38016 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Touch of Therapy Massage, LLC (#, 8510 Warner Rd., Ste. 300, Plain City, OH 43064 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Dennis Hair Studio Inc (#) 1566 Union Turnpike, New Hyde Park, NY 11040 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Octopus Records LLC (#, 72-05 72nd Pl., 2B, Glendale, NY 11385 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Essex Trade, Inc.dba Artesano's (#, 33 Bearskin Neck, Rockport, MA 01966 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Panditos LLC dba White Lotus Home (#, 745 Joyce Kilmer Ave, New Brunswick, NJ 08901 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 
 F-83 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Kyle Keiper LLC (#, 3408 Spring St #1, Pompano Beach, FL 33062 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Ironman Delivery, Inc (#, 6581 Westland Dr., Brownsburg, IN 46112 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Trash Can Rescue LLC (#, 1096 Nast Chapel Rd, Martinsville, IN 46151 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Tri T. Le dba AN Company (#, 1431 Amro Way, South El Monte, CA 91733 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Queen Oxygen Co. dba Quest Cylinder Co. (#, 239 Lafayette St., London, OH 43140 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2031 B W Towing, LLC (#, 701 Addison Rd., Painted Post, NY 14870 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2047 Y C Company INC dba Miji-Mura Hibachi Sushi (#, 8045 NW 115th Way, Parkland, FL 33076 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2046 Alaska Industrial Paint, LLC dba Alaska Fleet and Collision Specialist (#, 1301 North Post Rd., Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 Le Bajec Le LLC (#, 810 N Alamo St,, San Antonio, TX 78215 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2046 Almina Concept, Inc. (#, 5042 Willshire Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90036 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 Grand Portage LLC (#, 3306 Chelsea Cir, Ann Arbor, MI 48108 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 Sassy Sista's Boutique LLC (#, 851 W. State Rd 436 Ste. 1005, Altamonte Springs, FL 32714 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 JD Hunt Custom Homes Incorporated dba JD Hunt Construction (#, 5515 Parkcrest Dr., Austin, TX 78731 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/3/2031 331 Foley Sound Inc (#, 19355 Business Center Dr., Unit #9, Northridge, CA 91324 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/2/2032 4 Points Towing Roadside Service LLC (#, 5425 Willow Grove Rd., Camden Wyoming, DE 19934 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2031 Sheryl's Candy Apple Creations, LLC (#, 131 Piney Green Rd., Ste. 300, Jacksonville, NC 28546 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2031 RGV Poke LLC dba Pokeworks (#, 5401 North 10 St. Unit 126, McAllen, TX 78504 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/2/2032 Hair and Beauty Market Place, LLC dba LAOR (#, 7900 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Unit 1, Orlando, FL 32809 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2046 JeanAnn Schwark, MS, FNP-C PLLC dba Serenity Women's Care (#, 10615 N Hayden Rd C100, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Cadena Co. (#, 2133 Southend Dr. #301, Charlotte, NC 28213 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 
 F-84 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Rosy Rings, Inc (#, 2400 Industrial Ln., Ste. 700, Broomfield, CO 80020 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 RM Interiors Inc.dba House of Moseley (#, 8200 Stockdale HWY D-6, Bakersfield, CA 93311 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Shrijee LLC dba Econo Lodge (#, 908 Washington St., Manitowoc, WI 54220 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2047 Kadence Consulting Inc (#, 13315 Bishops Ct, Roswell, GA 30075 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2031 Angela Barbara (#, 51 Bennington Square, Hackettstown, NJ 07840 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2046 K's Salon 1 LLC dba Gerard Anthony Salon (#, 580 Amsterdam Ave, New York, NY 10024 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2032 Downtown Dance Academy Limited Liability Company (#, 1204 Hooper Ave., Toms River, NJ 08753 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 DebutSolutions, LLC dba Emerald Pacific Resources (#, 2000 Frankfurt St., Laredo, TX 78040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2046 7 BRANCHES CORPORATION dba Nikos (#, 410 Pearl St., Lake Wales, FL 33853 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 3D Printed Tabletop, LLC (#, 2870 Sonata Ct., St. Cloud, FL 34772 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 Debut Solutions LLC (#, 2000 Frankfort St, Laredo, TX 78040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 Willow Falls Venue LLC (#, 23122 S North Carolina Hwy. 109, Denton, NC 27239 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2046 HHD Aviation, LLC dba Great Milwaukee Training and Testing Center (#, 2820 Bobmeyer Rd., Hanger C-7, Hamilton, OH 45015 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2046 Christopher John Looney Agency Inc. (#, 426 South Atlanta St., Unit 110, Roswell, GA 30075 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Tiny's Gumbo Bar NYC LLC (#, 275 Church St., New York, NY 10013 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2032 Force3 Enterprises, LLLP (#, 240 Hathway Dr., Stratford, CT 06615 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2046 Trinity Lumber and Building Supply, Inc (#, 1231 East Cypress Ave., Redding, CA 96002 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2046 Swick Son Enterprises, Inc (#, 108 Mashell Ave. North, Eatonville, WA 98328 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Premiere Inc (#, 615 N Landry Dr., New Iberia, LA 70563 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Gralyn Fabrication Machining LLC (#, 1119 Bluff Ridge Rd., Waynesburg, PA 15370 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 CJNR LLC dba Parkhurst Motel (#, 208 East Main St., Elma, WA 98541 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2046 Dallas MTV, LLC (#, 2911 Turtle Creek Blvd., Ste. 300, Dallas, TX 75219 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 
 F-85 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

The Jar Circle, Inc dba Frida's Mexican Grill (#, 3545 Merrick Rd., Seaford, NY 11783 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2032 Power Enterprise LLC (#, 119 East 710 South Cir., Ivins, UT 84738 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 Patoruzu, Inc. dba Sharkey's Cuts For Kids (#, 18121 Tuckerton Rd., Ste. 130, Cypress, TX 77433 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 Royal Home Care and Staffing LLC (#, 453 Oakton Rd, Odenton, MD 21113 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 PCH Ventures, LLC dba Chop Stop (#, 18515 Brookhurst St., Fountain valley, CA 92618 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 Elizabeth K. Little and dba Mrs. Little's Tea and Toys (#, 108 North Davis St., Hamilton, MO 64644 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2031 Derheim, Inc dba My Aquatic Services (#, 601 Main Ave.W, West Fargo, ND 58078 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2046 Vida Meat Company LLC (#, 1370 West Cheyenne Ave., North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2031 Glorious Training Group Inc dba F45 Training Murabella (#, 185 Murabella Pkwy, St. Augustine, FL 32092 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2031 Luxury Tree Services LLC (#, 5925 SW 69th St., Miami, FL 33413 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2031 Hartwood Hospitality Labs, Inc. (#, 1312 GILBERT ST, CHARLES CITY, IA 50616 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2046 Cezary A. Lapa dba Globe Polska Ksiazka (#, 5747 West Irving Park Rd., Chicago, IL 60634 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2031 Transatlantic Translations Company, LLC (#, 411 Theodore Fremd Ave, Rye, NY 10580 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2031 Revive Aesthetics Wellness, LLC (#, 175 Main St., East Greenwich, RI 02818 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2031 Baite Auto Sales LLC (#, 2865 Suwanee Rd., Columbus, OH 43224 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2046 DTT ENTERPRISES, LLC (#, 6565 Austin Hope Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2031 Bird's Nest Florist Gifts, LLC (#, 549-E College Park Rd., Ladson, SC 29456 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2031 Montauk Donut Group, Inc dba Dunkin Donuts (#, 1669 Montauk Hwy., Bellport, NY 11713 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Lovely Moments Iowa Photography, LLC (#, 527 Broad St, Story City, IA 50248 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2031 Game Time Vending, LLC (#, 10105 Amberwood Rd. Ste.s #1 and #5, Fort Myers, FL 33913 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2031 KBO Investment and Sterling HTS KBO Investments LLC (#, 748 West Big Beaver Rd., Troy, MI 48084 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/10/2031 C4 Technologies Inc. (#) 171 C Ave., Ste. C, Coronado, CA 92118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/6/2031 
 F-86 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

The Hiccup Inc (#, 158 Humphrey St., Swampscott, MA 01907 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/6/2031 Dara, Inc. (#, 29 Old Planters Rd, Beverly, MA 01915 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2031 Ronald L. McFarlain dba Cajun Connection (#, 2958 IL-178, North Utica, IL 61373 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2046 C J General Engineering (#, 3060 Thorntree Dr #10, Chico, CA 95973 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2046 CIRLABS, INC,Outcome Driven Innovation and Spracht Inc (#, 974 Commercial St. Ste. 101, Palo Alto, CA 94043 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 AA Power Equipment, Inc (#, 999 Mansell Rd., Ste. B, C, D, Roswell, GA 30076 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Charles P Carpenter dba All-Ways Pumping (#, 5701 Beckford Ave, Tarzana, CA 91356 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 The Travel Society LLC;Religious Travel International LLC (#, 650 S Cherry St., Denver, CO 80246 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Patriot Services Group Inc (#, 108 Phillips Cir., Columbiana, AL 35051 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Kings Autoshow Inc and Grand Auto Group LLC (#, 5815 Church Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11203 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Melissa S. Scharf (#, 14313 Califa St., Sherman Oaks, CA 91401 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Blue Water Dynamics, LLC dba Dougherty Manufacturing Solace Boats (#, 308 South Old County Rd., Edgewater, FL 32132 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2046 Crux Solutions LLC dba Waddell's Riverside Funeral Directors (#, 6938 Westover St., Houston, TX 77087 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 100 Permanent Inc. (#, 1315 N. Larrabee St., Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2046 On Spot Techs Ltd dba Wi-Fi Surveyors (#, 4732 Dixie Dr. South, Dayton, OH 45439 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2046 Cherich Enterprises dba Yogasix Pasadena (#, 277 W Green St. Ste. 110, Pasadena, CA 91105 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Karson A Schepp (#, 8715 Hwy 14, Kramer, ND 58748 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Tiny Tots Kingdom Inc (#, 4961 N Dixie Hwy Ste.s 2-6, Oakland Park, FL 33334 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Dream Splash International LLC (#, 650 S Cherry St., Denver, CO 80246 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 GN Enterprises LLC (#, 4507 SE Ramona St., Portland, OR 97206 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2046 Global Packaging Solutions, Inc (#, 6259 Progressive Ave, San Diego, CA 92154 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 
 F-87 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Kamboj Investments Inc dba Chicago's Pizza with Twist (#, 1156 South Main St., Manteca, CA 95337 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Travis Construction Company, LLC (#, 11258 Bayou Bernard Rd., Gulfport, MS 39503 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2031 Five Rivers 1938 Enterprises, Inc dba The Hummus Republic (#, 3032 W Jack London Blvd., Livermore, CA 94551 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2032 WLG Inc (#, 6257 West Ave. J9, Lancaster, CA 93536 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2046 Jaime Gervasi Associates LLC (#, 3243 Eastern Ave., Baltimore, MD 21224 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2031 Clinically Speaking, LLC (#, 207 N Davies Rd., Lake Stevens, WA 98258 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2031 K Wallace, LLC dba Fit Learning Columbus (#, 6631 Commerce Pkwy Ste. G, Dublin, OH 43085 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2031 Mattress and Rug outlet LLC (#, 1818 State St., Schenectady, NY 12304 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Premier Tech Security, LLC (#, 1616 Westgate Cir., Ste. 111, Brentwood, TN 37027 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 52 Tran, LLC (#, 773 South MacArthur Blvd., Ste. 205, Coppell, TX 75019 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 L.A. Crescent LLC dba Aamco Car Care Center (#, 1010 East 6th Ave., Stillwater, OK 74074 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Big Brand Management Ltd. Co. (#, 512 East 11th St., Houston, TX 77008 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2046 Delbello Enterprises LLC dba Il Portico (#, 273 West Rte. 130 South, Burlington, NJ 08016 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Tarun LLC, dba Signature Wine Liquor (#) 325 South Limestone, Lexington, KY 40508 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 GSK Industries Inc dba Quality One Pool Management (#, 3217 W Tompkins Ave., Las Vegas, NV 89103 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Ever Prosperous Realty Inc (#, 430 S Chandler Ave., Monterey Park, CA 91754 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2031 All Regional Recyclers of Wood LLC and Superior Carting Waste System (#, 104 Wooster St., Bethel, CT 06801 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2031 Basha Home Improvement LLC (#) 41 Van Houten Ave., Jersey City, NJ 07305 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 Profit Stewards LLC dba AAMCO Transmissions of Phoenixville (#, 458 Schuylkill Rd., Phoenixville, PA 19460 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 TDI Global Solutions Inc (#, 1 Riverfront Plz., Ste. 12, Lawrence, KS 66044 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 110 Enterprises, LLC dba Boomerang Bar and Grill (#, 110 Limekiln Rd., Unit 2, New Cumberland, PA 17070 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2046 
 F-88 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Jeragardens Wedding Rentals LLC, (#) 5842 South 1150 West, Ogden, UT 84405 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2031 Sparta Athletic Campus, LLC (#, 115 Sparta Ave., Sparta, NJ 07871 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2046 Ecos Consulting, LLC (#, 1519 Roller Rd, Ocean Township, NJ 07712 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2031 K-M-P Auto Group LLC (#, 1788 Austin Hwy, San Antonio, TX 78218 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2046 Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC (#, 700 Corporate Cir., Golden, CO 80401 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2031 Colorado Travel Solutions LLC (#, 2895 Queen St, Colorado Springs, CO 80904 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2031 Rymax Electronics Inc (#, 1805 5th Ave. Ste. F, Bay Shore, NY 11706 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2046 Accommodating Financial Tax Services, LLC (#, 5151 Monroe St., Toledo, OH 43623 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2031 The Iron Smith LLC dba Anytime Fitness Nevada (#, 1818 Fawcett Pkwy, Nevada, IA 50201 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2031 156 W. Salon Boutique, llc dba Shabby Shek Salon and Boutique (#, 156 West Tioga St., Tunkhannock, PA 18657 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2046 Jason M. Eberhart dba State Farm (#, 600 Allegheny St., Jersey Shore, PA 17740 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2046 Afrodisiac Enterprises LLC dba Afrodisiac Nola (#, 5363 Franklin Ave, New Orleans, LA 70122 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/1/2046 Martin C. Liu Associates, PLLC (#, 135 Bowery St., New York, NY 10002 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Tidal Commerce Inc (#, 2100 Clearwater Dr, Oak Brook, IL 60523 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Gene Properties LLC,4 Winnapaug Rd LLC and,144 Atlantic Ave LLC (#, 149 Atlantic Ave, Westerly, RI 02891 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Zollner Enterprises, Inc (#, 221 Hulls Chapel Rd, Fredericksburg, VA 22406 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Royal Restaurants, LLC (#, 138 Griffin Rd., Ruston, LA 71270 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Neil Hoss, D.M.D., LLC. (#, 115 Hartford Turnpike, Tolland, CT 06084 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Kings Autoshow Inc dba Brooklyn Mitsubishi and Grand Auto Group LLC (#, 5815 Church Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11203 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 New York Equestrian Center Ltd (#, 633 EAGLE AVE, WEST HEMPSTEAD, NY 11552 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Eagle's Eye Comfort Care Miramar LLC (#, 6308 SW 27th St, Miramar, FL 33023 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Sheldon T Banks LLC (#, 2340 W Carpenter Rd., Flint, MI 48505 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 
 F-89 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Holland Holdings LLC (#, 1102 Blackbriar Cir Ne, Hartselle, AL 35640 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 360 Concepts Group, LLC dba Bowl 360 Astoria (#, 19-45 49th St., Astoria, NY 11105 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 La Favorita Radio Network (#, 4043 Geer Rd., Hughson, CA 95326 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2046 CALTEL, INC. (#, 2309 Acie Ave., Conway, SC 29528 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Little Imaginations Learning Center Inc (#, 189 toll Gate Rd,, Warwick, RI 02886 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2046 O.P.P. Presents LLC (#, 15927 Pioneer Blvd, Norwalk, CA 90650 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Seema Aijaz Enterprises Inc dba Edible Arrangements (#, 1040 South Broadway, Unit 6, Hicksville, NY 11801 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Yogi's Logistics Inc and 9371 Truck Yard LLC (#, 9371 Jackson Rd, Sacramento, CA 95826 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2046 Troung Enterprises Inc (#, 1305 SW 107th Ave, Miami, FL 33174 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2031 J J Rocket Fizz General Partnership (#, 3155 Outlet Dr. Space E020, Edinburgh, IN 46124 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 CURVE MART C-STORE AND CAJUN DELI LLC dba Curve Mart (#, 44063 Hwy. 431, Saint Amant, LA 70774 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2046 Alpha Variance Solutions, LLC (#, 48 Western Dr., Ardsley, NY 10502 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 T.A.L.E.N.T. Leadership LLC dba T.A.L.E.N.T. Leadership Napoli's (#, 4280 Lavon Dr., Garland, TX 75040 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 The Buckeye Health Group, LLC (#, 8120 Walcot Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45249 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 Nevada Adult Day healthcare Centers Inc (#, 2008 S Jones Blvd., Las Vegas, NV 89146 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 Northwest Evergreen Innovations, LLC and James Hamilton Gregersen (#, 6791 Bethel Rd. SE, Port Orchard, WA 98367 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2046 DAVIS WINES LLC and BRICK MORTAR WINES, LLC (#, 25 Healdsburg Ave Bld 20, Healdsburg, CA 95448 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2031 The AAC Speech Clinic, LLC and Red Rock Neurorehabilitation Center (#, 9260 West Sunset Rd., Ste. 204, Las Vegas, NV 89148 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2031 Pampanguena Market Place Corp (#, 18623 SW 107th Ave, Miami, FL 33157 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2046 JC's Tall Glass Inc (#, 2810 Hypoluxo Rd., Lantana, FL 33462 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2046 2B St. Marks, Inc dba Duetto (#, 540 Greene St., Unit 1, Key West, FL 33040 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2031 
 F-90 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Prestige Nationwide, LLC dba Eastern Standard (#, 1131 Burke St., Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2046 Vance Ewing LLC dba The Bow Barrel Sportsmen Center (#, 22940 Harlan Ln., St Robert, MO 65584 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2046 Ellerman Engineerting Innovations, Inc and R S Properties and Hold (#, 4444 Forest St., Leonard, MI 48367 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Butcher Block of Woodland Park, LLC (#, 320 S Baldwin St, Woodland Park, CO 80863 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Bluewater Laundry Linen, LLC (#, 2315 Main St., Loris, SC 29569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Francis L Bailey Jr dba Carolina GPS Services (#, 1545 Langston Dr, Johns Island, SC 29455 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Two Mean Beans, LLC dba Coffee and Crepes (#, 315 Crossroads Blvd., Floor G, Cary, NC 27518 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Vancole Investments, Inc (#, 876 Virginia Ave., Hapeville, GA 30354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Bluewater Laundry Linen, llc (#, 2315 Main St., Loris, SC 29569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2046 K R Enterprises III Inc dba The Frozen Cow (#, 6710 Post Rd., North Kingstown, RI 02852 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2046 Subhash Joshi LLC dba Mata Hardware (#, 6370 Mae Anne Ave., Ste.s 1 and 2, Reno, NV 89523 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2031 Semper Foods, LLC (#, 7000 W. Palmetto Park Rd,, Boca Raton, FL 33433 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2031 Integrated Rehabiilitation Inc (#, 10340 SE Division St., Portland, OR 97266 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2031 AAAK Investments LLC (#, 19595 15 Mile Rd, Clinton Twp, MI 48035 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2046 Edgar I Cordoba dba Edgar Cordoba Insurance Agency (#, 9201 Dyer St., El Paso, TX 79924 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2031 360 Cloud Solutions, LLC and 360 Cloud Apps, LLC (#, 299 S Main St., Salt Lake City, UT 84111 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2031 21st Century Living LLC dba 21st Century Concierge (#, 33 Fitchett St., Poughkeepsie, NY 12601 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2031 The Ogden Group of Rochester, Inc (#, 78 Brunswick St, Rochester, NY 14607 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2031 BearWaters Brewing Company (#, 101 Park St., Canton, NC 28716 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2046 Dulceria NYC Inc (#, 2220 Frederick Douglass Blvd, New York, NY 10026 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2031 Halikamai Inc dba Neighborhood Beer and Wine (#, 510 Farm Market Rd. 718, Unit A, Newark, TX 76071 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2031 
 F-91 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

LVM Constructiion LLC (#, 194 N Grove St., East Orange, NJ 07017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2031 899 Toscanini, LLC (#, 899 Main St., Cambridge, MA 02139 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 Tri-Span Construction LLC dba Lawrence County Sand and Stone (#, 136 Southland Dr., Louisa, KY 41230 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2031 Swantown Inn Spa LLC (#, 1431 11th Ave. SE, Olympia, WA 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2046 La Taqueria, Inc. (#, 10 Greenwich Ave., Greenwich, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2031 Center for Jewish Addiction Rehabilitation, LLC dba Tikvah Lake (#, 6549 Rajol Dr., Sebring, FL 33875 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2031 Tec-Com Low Voltage Solutions Inc (#, 2045 Live Oak Blvd, Yuba City, CA 95991 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2031 Aeffect, Inc (#, 5600 N River Rd., Ste. 800, Rosemont, IL 60018 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2031 Amazing G, LLC and Victoria Armstrong-Mensah (#, 3030 N Saranac, Mesa, AZ 85207 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2031 Shericka Newsome dba Little Sunshine's Academy (#, 474 N Chew Rd., Hammonton, NJ 08037 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2031 Keystone Contracting, LLC dba Keystone Roofing and Siding, LLC (#, 205 Rte. 9 N, freehold, NJ 07728 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2046 Compass Technical Services, Inc. (#, 2600 Gravel Dr., Building 7, Fort Worth, TX 76118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2031 Neuline Health Management LLC (#, 1402 S Custer Rd., McKinney, TX 75070 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2031 Dr. Karissa Walton, PLLC dba The Mobile Health Doc (#, 140 N Granite St., Prescott, AZ 86301 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 Rachel Reyes-Bergano, D.O. Inc dba Contempo Aesthetics (#, 708 E Colorado Blvd., Pasadena, CA 91101 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 ELIOT'S ADULT NUT BUTTERS LLC (#, 1140 SE 7th, Ste. 190, Portland, OR 97214 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 Hotel California Salon LLC dba Beverly Hills Lashes (#, 872 Huntley Dr., West Hollywood, CA 90069 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2031 Bock Technologies Inc. (#, 11496 Luna Rd. Ste 1200, Dallas, TX 75234 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2031 BGS Consulting LLC dba Your Digital Canvas (#, 5608 Malvey Ave., Fort Worth, TX 76107 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2031 Ecru Designs LLC (#, 275 North Wyoming Ave., South Orange, NJ 07079 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2031 LEX-MAR SERVICE INC (#, 12278 NW 106th Ct., Medley, FL 33178 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 League One Logistics, LLC (#, 150 Hiram Industrial Dr., Hiram, GA 30141 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 
 F-92 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

JJBM LLC dba Alumni Grill (#, 3316 Pacific Ave., Wildwood, NJ 08260 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 Hankemeier Holdings LLC dba Grow Salon (#, 205 W 6th St., Ste. 105 110, Georgetown, TX 78626 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2031 Vernon Alexander dba Southern Ohio Hunting Preserve (#, 31625 Goosecreek Rd., McArthur, OH 45651 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2031 Woodzzy LLC dba Dba Woodzzy Bar Resturant (#, 1133 Clarkson Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11212 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2047 Motor Messenger NYC Inc (#, 81-36 Baxter Ave., Queens, NY 11373 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2031 Earth Analytical Sciences, Inc. (#, 4825 Ward Dr, Beaumont, TX 77705 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2031 Rev Motorsports, LLC dba Speed Concept (#, 20745 SW Tualatin Valley Hwy., Ste 120, Aloha, OR 97003 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2031 Silverado Sales Inc dba Husker Sit N Sleep (#, 1907 Central Ave., Kearney, NE 68847 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2031 Clavismen LLC dba Katy Wines and Spirits (#, 5901 B Hwy. Blvd., Katy, TX 77494 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/7/2031 Hank Thomas Performance (#, 917 Dixie Club Rd., Winston-Salem, NC 27107 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2031 Foy Commerce LLC (#) 1725 Park Ln. S, Ste. 2,, Jupiter, FL 33458 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2031 Boyd's Cardinal Hollow Winery Corp dba Boyd's Cardinal Hollow Winery (#, 1830 West Point Pike, West Point, PA 19486 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2046 3G Graphix LLC dba Elemento Graphics (#, 7160 Zionsville Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46268 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2031 NebulOS, Inc (#, 5428 Twilight Way, Parker, CO 80237 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2031 Grover Jackson Engineering, LLC (#, 1880 Campbellsville Rd., Pulaski, TN 38478 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2046 5 Star Renovations, Inc. and Five Star Group, Inc. (#, 2997 US-29, Moreland, GA 30259 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2031 G.A.P. Mechanical Inc. (#, 2500 North Forsyth Rd., C29, Orlando, FL 32807 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2031 Cajun Made Charters, L.L.C (#, 27900 Hwy. 1, Golden Meadow, LA 70357 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2031 822 GROUP LLC (#, 136 Treehaven St., Gaitherburg, MD 20878 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2031 Janie Lacy Associates, LLC dba Life Counseling Solutions (#, 670 N Orlando Ave, #103, Maitland, FL 32751 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2046 J-Tech Industries Inc (#, 232 Alexandria Dr, Mooresville, NC 28115 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/23/2031 
 F-93 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Max Rosin Associates, Inc (#, 37-43 West 14th St., Ste. 304, New York, NY 10011 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/23/2031 Wells Cutting Edge, LLC (#, 4201 North Cochrane Ln., Erda, UT 84074 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2031 Acra Cast, Inc. (#, 1837 First St., Bay City, MI 48708 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2031 Twenty Ten Agency, LLC (#, 340 S Lemon Avnue, Walnut, CA 91789 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2031 AMERICAN CINEMA INSPIRES, INC and CEO Multimedia, Inc (#, 15363 Victory Blvd, Van Nuys, CA 91406 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2031 Oregon Glass Repair, LLC dba SuperGlass Windshield Repair; (#, 2972 SE 38th Ct., Hillsboro, OR 97123 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2031 Gateway Veterinary Services P.C. dba Liberty Animal Clinic (#, 9212 Liberty Ave., Ozone Park, NY 11417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2031 Lockett Trucking and Transport LLC (#) 612 Colebridge Dr., Blacklick, OH 43004 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 RV Solar LLC (#) 3442 E Bulk Ln., Oak Creek, WI 53154 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Stephanie Ann Doty (#) 82 Diggins Dr., Folsom, CA 95630 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 College Economy Inc (#, 679 Wedgewood Dr., Hanover Park, IL 60133 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/13/2031 Gerald Scott Lyda and Marvina Michae Lyda (#, 3555 Chimney Rock Rd., Hendersonville, NC 28792 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2046 Motor City Bakery Inc dba Mexi bake (#, 8100 Radcliffe St., Detroit, MI 48210 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/7/2046 Tober Building Company, LLC (#, 3351 Brecksville Rd., Richfield, OH 44286 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Thomson Holdings Enterprises LLC dba Volusia County Towing (#, 345 8th St., Daytona Beach, FL 32117 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Quality Sound Communications, Inc dba Technology Source (#, 1551 North Tustin Ave., Ste. 125, Santa Ana, CA 92705 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 TK Cleaning and Lawn Service LLC (#, 4449 Beechaven Dr., Rock Hill, SC 29732 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Barrett Enterprises, LLC (#, 920 N Columbia St, Milledgeville, GA 31061 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Walking Urgent Care Inc (#, 10308 West Sample Rd., Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Suncoast Premier Medical, LLC and Mario R Perez MD PA (#, 1239 US-27, Clermont, FL 34714 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 
 F-94 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

La Dolce Vita Water Sports LLC,LDV GOLF CART BIKE RENTALS LLC (#, 408 Kelly Plantation Dr, Destin, FL 32541 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 TK Cleaning and Lawn Service LLC (#, 4449 Beechaven Dr., Rock Hill, SC 29732 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Trailer Marketing Services Inc (#, 4560 State Rte. 233, Clinton, NY 13323 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Batteries in a Flash.com, Inc. (#, 211 W Commerce Park Ct., North Las Vegas, NV 89032 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Knight Settlement Sand Gravel, LLC (#, 7291 Knight Settlement Rd, Bath, NY 14810 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Barrett Enterprises, LLC dba Barrett and Sons Used Cars (#, 920 N Columbia St, Milledgeville, GA 31061 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Statewide Health Care, Inc (#, 102 Oglethorpe Professional Ct., Savannah, GA 31406 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 
 Drake Dance Academy LLC (#, 5790 Marble Creek Stree, Dublin, OH 43016 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2046 Underground Toys USA, LLC dba Seven 20 and Wozniak Distribution, (#, 7626 Miramar Rd, San Diego, CA 92126 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2031 Bojax Auto Collision, Inc dba Bojax Auto Body Repair (#, 4712 Fernlee Ave., Royal Oak, MI 48073 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2046 The Sign Company of Wilmington, Inc. (#, 428 Landmark Dr., Wilmington, NC 28412 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2046 Empire State Adjuster's Corp.DBA Frankie M s Auto Body East (#, 419 West Main St., Smithtown, NY 11787 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2046 Bojax Auto Collision, Inc. dba Bojax Auto Body Repair (#, 4712 Fernlee Ave., Royal Oak, MI 48073 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2031 RH All Around Repair, LLC (#, 2008 Coahuila Rd, Odessa, TX 79763 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Kidz Choice Service Inc and Kidz Choice Holdings Inc (#, 14-34 110th St., Flushing, NY 11356 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 Jason Watt Pictures, LLC (#, 110 Broadway #507, Brooklyn, NY 11249 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 Markell Construction Inc (#, 6248 N Woodstock St., Philadelphia, PA 19138 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 QXC Communications, Inc (#, 3785 North Federal Hwy., Ste. 205, Boca Raton, FL 33431 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 ALG-Health LLC and Axis LED Group, LLC (#, 520 West Mulberry St., Bryon, OH 43506 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Signet Media Inc (#, 630 S.1st St., San Jose, CA 95113 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 Zebra Enterprises, LLC dba Shanty (#, 213 3rd St., Eureka, CA 95501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2046 
 F-95 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Rob Smith dba Laundry Land (#, 8913 Sierra Ave., Fontana, CA 92335 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 AUBURN ANALYTICAL LABS, INC (#, 2107 Bay City Rd., Midland, MI 48642 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Ground Breakers Construction, Inc. (#, 2292 a/k/a 2274 Hayride Rd., Lebec, CA 93243 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Johnson Diversified, Inc dba Plumbing Solutions (#, 29802 Avenida De Las Banderas, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Leo Marketing LLC (#, 1127 E Rio Grande Ave, El Paso, TX 79902 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Diversified Electric, LLC (#, 1571 Mapledale St, Ferndale, MI 48220 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Companion Plus Care, LLC (#, 19849 Middlebelt Rd., Livonia, MI 48152 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2046 Millennium Family Practice LLC (#, 6310 Steven Forest Rd., Columbia, MD 21045 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Party Town Chico LLC (#, 1937 East 20th St. #B6, Chico, CA 95928 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Allan Gilbert dba Allan Gilbert Builders (#, 50 Jodi Dr., Belmont, NH 03220 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Linh Luong and Loc Luong (#, 1209 W Main St., Peroria, IL 61606 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Oscar Rene Guzman and American United Construction LLC (#, 12520 Taylor Rd., Houston, TX 77041 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Blasco Tire LLC (#) 960 Memorial Dr., Griffin, GA 30223 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Sundown Audio, LLC (#, 514 W 21st St., Newton, NC 28658 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Malik Dough L.L.C. and Steven L. Malik II (#, 3347 Riverside Dr., North Tazewell, VA 24630 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Capco Swimming Pools LLC and. Capco Industries, LLC dba Premier Pools (#, 5115 Savannah Green, Voy Omy, TX 78073 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Icebox Cafe, L.C and Icebox Pantry, LLC (#, 219 NE 3rd St., Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Clear Impact LLC and Clear Impact Inc (#, 11300 Rockville Pike, #1001, Rockville, MD 20852 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2031 Spartan Technology Solutions, Inc. (#, 125 Venture Blvd, Spartanburg, SC 29306 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2031 Tripark LLC (#, 12630 Haynes Rd., Houston, TX 77066 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2046 JEJ LLC dba Hawaii Jerky Shop; DE.HI Foods (#, 111 Sand Island Access Rd., Honolulu, HI 96819 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2046 Natalie Dress Designers, LLC DBA Azaria Bridal (#, 3710 US Hwy. 9, Space D218, Freehold, NJ 07728 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 
 F-96 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Richard Keith Robison Jr. Enterprises, Inc. dba R R Restoration (#, 1539 Apache Dr., Montgomery, TX 77316 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 Jemas, LLC Dba Medicine Shoppe St Charles (#, 488 S 5th St., St Charles, MO 63301 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 David Edwin Harries (#, 5506 Riverside Dr, Chino, CA 91710 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 Northern Services Inc (#, 2266 Central St., Ste.6, Richmond, CA 94801 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 WSCL, Inc (#, 176 Rosa Ct., Colton, CA 92324 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Crystal H Thompson dba Advertise IT (#, 718 N Main St., Norwood, CT 28128 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 AZ Dropship LLC dba A-Z Trading Co (#, 735 Crofton St SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49507 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Zmetra Clear Span Structures, LLC (#, 2 Old Worcester Rd., Dudley, MA 01571 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 LT Johnson DDS PLLC dba Brueggen Dental Implant Center (#, 14626 Bellaire Blvd., Houston, TX 77083 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Battle Forged Fitness, LLC dba CrossFit 1976 (#, 3251 East Stone Ct., Eagle Mountain, UT 84005 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2046 Ryan Doyle Enterprises, LLC dba Earthworkers Landscaping (#, 802 Klinger Ln, Lebanon, PA 17042 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2031 Crispeno Realty, Inc (#, 9812 235th Pl SW, Edmonds, WA 98020 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2031 274 Construction Group, Inc (#, 420 Raleigh St., Ste. F, Wilmington, NC 28412 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2031 EXAGEN SOLUTIONS INC (#, 32 Waverly Cir, Waverly, NY 12189 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2031 DTJ Enterprises, Inc dba West Falmouth Market (#, 623 W Falmouth hwy, Falmouth, MA 02540 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2046 INB Enterprise LLC (#) 7761 Diamondback Dr., College Park, MD 20742 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 Benevolent Family Services LLC, (#) 522 S Independence Blvd., Ste. 201, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 Hany and Associates LLC dba Integrity Tax Group (#, 2020 S Oneida St., Denver, CO 80224 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 Swick Son Enterprises, Inc. (#, 108 Mashell Ave. North, Eatonville, WA 98328 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 Craftworks NW, LLC (#, 12421 NE 117th Ave, Vancouver, WA 98662 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 Kris-Leigh Catered Living at Severna Park LLC (#, 831 Ritchie Hwy., Severna Park, MD 21146 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 
 F-97 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Motus Inc. dba Stage Your Home San Diego (#, 7557 Convoy Ct, San Diego, CA 92111 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2031 Clean Energyz LLC (#, 881 Alma Real Dr., Ste.s T-16, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2031 Clean Energyz LLC (#, 881 Alma Real Dr. Ste. T-16, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2031 INTERNETZONE I, INC. (#, 3131 Laurel Ave., Fullerton, CA 92835 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2031 Monark, LLC (#, 26050 Acero, Ste. 411, Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2031 ACTIVE FACILITY MONITORING, LLC (#, 702 Ernest Dr, Port Orange, FL 32127 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2031 Charlie Chedda's LLC (#, 1867 1871 S Academy Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80916 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2031 3 A Ideas, LLC dba Bizzy Kids Learning Center (#, 1401 Caplin Dr., Arlington, TX 76018 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2046 Nadal Company LLC (#, 5923 Robindale Rd., Catonsville, MD 21228 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2031 Giles Title and Escrow Services, LLC and Morgan Andrew Hoover (#, 203 North 1st St., Pulaski, TN 38478 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2031 Reginald L McClain dba McClain's Auto Detailing and Paint Refinish (#, 2753 N 29th St., Milwaukee, WI 53210 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2046 Metroguard Security Risk Mgmt Inc. (#, 338 Commerce Dr., Fairfield, CT 06825 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2031 Miss Academy, LLC dba Miss Houston Pageant (#, 1111 Uptown Park Blvd #12, Houston, TX 77056 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2031 Anne M Prior LLC (#, 5933 NW Wins Sivers Dr., Portland, OR 97220 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2031 Goodsell/Wilkins, Inc (#, 28175 Bluebell Dr., Laguna Niguel, CA 92677 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2031 Innovative Dental of Hannibal LLC (#, 515 Clinic Rd., Hannibal, MO 63401 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2031 Medissage Integrative Therapies, LLC (#, 103 Twinridge Ln., Richmond, VA 23235 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2046 KOLOA KAI LLC and Stay Beach Cities, Inc (#, 2-2514 Kaumualii Hwy., Kalaheo, HI 96741 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2031 TELAVERGE COMMUNICATIONS, LLC (#, 8229 Foutain Ridge Dr., Plano, TX 75025 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2031 Eagle Creek Landscape Design (#, 7574 Eagle Creek Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45247 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2031 Eddy Auto Service Inc (#, 901 NY-109, West Babylon, NY 11704 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2046 
 F-98 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Ben Anderson 365 (#, 1567 E Valley Rd, Montecito, CA 93108 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2031 Alima Mandiang, dba Mandiang Hair Braiding (#) 242 E. Claremont Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19120 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 Commonwealth Warehouse, Inc. (#, 400-500 Murray Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45217 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 ReenBoog Natural Hair Care, LLC (#, 4051 Stone Mountain Hwy., Ste. E106, Lilburn, GA 30047 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 White Pine Logistics Inc (#, 1281 Cobble Pond Way, Vienna, VA 22182 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2031 Design Moves LLC (#, 3235 North Dixie Hwy., Oakland, FL 33334 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2046 Ryan Spataro dba The Minty Goat (#, 6801 N Crystal Ave., Kansas City, MO 64119 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2031 A-One Refrigeration and Heating, Inc. (#, 910 N 20th Ave., Pasco, WA 99301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2046 UniGuide Media,LLC (#) 105 Pearl St., Sausalito, CA 94965 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 A-One Refrigeration and Heating, Inc (#, 910 N 20th Ave., Pasco, WA 99301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 Little Swimmers Inc. (#, 2395 Monument Blvd., Concord, CA 94520 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 Hybrid Drive Batteries LLC (#, 22607 E La Palma Ave., Ste. 406, Yorba Linda, CA 92887 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2031 Michael Miller dba Affordable Paint and Auto Body (#, 4738 Randleman Rd., Greensboro, NC 27406 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2046 Little Angels Daycare and Learning Center LLC (#) 4551 Summit Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/3/2047 Davis Laboratories, Inc. (#, 611 Lunar Ave., Brea, CA 92821 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2031 CULTIVA Solutions, LLC (#, 8000 Towers Crescent Dr.,, Vienna, VA 22182 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2031 TC3, LLC (#, 1036 Country St. 2945, Tuttle, OK 73089 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2031 Dexter Lillie dba Kreative Kutz Barber Shop (#, 865 Cassat Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32205 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2046 Payne's Environmental Services LLC (#, 5617 Causeway Blvd., Tampa, FL 33619 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2031 Jazma Deaungilae Wise (#) 110 Golden Pine Rd SW, Austell, GA 30168 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2031 Chrysalis MSP LLC (#, 14550 Torrey Chase Blvd, Ste. 110, Houston, TX 77014 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2031 Inland Empire Spine and Disc Laser, Inc. (#, 802 Magnolia Ave, Ste 103, Corona, CA 92879 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 
 F-99 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Wild Wellness LLC (#) 151 Lake St., Lancaster, OH 43130 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Andrew's Spotless Cleaning, LLC (#) 6003 Murnan Rd, Cold Spring, KY 41076 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Greater Vision Healthcare Services, LLC (#, 788 Montgomery Ave., Ocoee, FL 34761 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2046 WILD THING ACCOUNTING TAX LLC (#) 805 NE 190th Ave., Portland, OR 97230 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Skypie Studio Crafts LLC (#) 933 Mary Ave, Opelousas, LA 70570 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 R L Timber, Inc (#, 524 Callen Crabb Rd., Sagle, ID 83860 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2031 Centre for Autism Treatment LLC (#) 13090 Sundown Rd., Victorville, CA 92392 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2031 Valley Towing Sons, Inc (#, 16 NY-6N, Mahopac, NY 10541 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2031 Diamond Ridge Professionals LLC, (#) 8629 Mesquite Cir., Magna, UT 84044 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2031 Austen Felder Holdings LLC dba Austin R Styling (#) 23642 Hwy. 25, Franklinton, LA 70438 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2031 Retro Rangers LLC and Retro 1951, Inc (#, 750 International Pkwy. #105, Richardson, TX 75081 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 1/15/2031 Big Brand Management Ltd. Co and Food Civilization LLC (#, 68700 Dinah Shore Dr., Cathedral, CA 92234 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2046 White Pine Logistics, Inc. (#, 1281 Cobble Pond Way, Vienna, VA 22182 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2031 Athletic Performance Training Center, LLC (#, 12855 York-Delta Dr., North Royalton, OH 44133 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2031 Westby Grocery LLC (#, 212 Main St., Westby, MT 59275 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2046 TNJ Products, Inc. (#, 4912 N Lincoln Ave, Ste. 101, Chicago, IL 60625 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Moran Tax Accounting LLC (#, 128 N Franklin St, Brazil, IN 47834 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 Tissue Plus LLC F/K/A Soft Touch Tissue Paper, LLC (#, 1491 Hammond St., Bangor, ME 04401 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 The Spot Bar Restaurant LLC (#, 10540 State Rte. 195, Killeen, TX 76542 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 Hawthorne Food Company dba Eastern Standard (#, 117 Beaver St., Waltham, MA 02452 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Seven C's Manufacturing, Inc (#, 3895 Corsair St., Reno, NV 89502 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Leila Zamiri, DDS, Inc (#, 3317 E 10th St., Long Beach, CA 90804 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 
 F-100 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

M2 Lumber LLC (#, 110 Brick House Rd., Laurens, SC 29360 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Perfect Game Incorporated (#, 850 Twixt Town Rd NE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52402 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Educare Early Intervention, Corporation (#, 4557 S Calumet Ave, Chicago, IL 60653 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Bourque Sales and Service Inc. (#, 9160 Linwood Ave., Shevport, LA 71106 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 United Security Specialists, Inc. (#, 275 Saratoga Ave. Ste. 200, Santa Clara, CA 95050 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Center of New England Primary Care Inc (#, 775 Center of New New England Blvd, Coventry, RI 02816 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 Petroleum Equipment Services, Inc. (#, 5631 Silverado Way, Anchorage, AK 99518 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Bourque Sales and Service Inc (#, 9160 Linwood Ave., Shreveport, LA 71106 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 George Family Cremation and Burial LLC (#, 1260 W Mission Ave, Escondido, CA 92029 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2031 Vacation Link of Florida, Inc., Island Vacation and Cruises, Inc (#, 501 N Wymore Rd, Winter Park, FL 32789 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Performance Online, Inc (#, 1550 Melissa Ct, Corona, CA 92879 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Lightstat Inc. (#, 22 W West Hill Rd., Barkhamsted, CT 06063 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Eppy's Tool Equipment Warehouse, Inc (#, 809 East 42nd St., Brooklyn, NY 11210 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Trident E P, LLC (#, 320 Cir. of Progress Dr., Pottstown, PA 19464 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 NDRS Construction Inc.dba Disaster (#, 18730 Cortez Blvd, Brooksville, FL 34601 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Real Estate Personnel, Inc., Tara Matta and Sara Pierce (#, 5400 Ward St., Building V Ste 170, Arvada, CO 80002 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Center of New England Primary Care Inc, North Providence Urgent Care (#, 775 Centre of New England Blvd, Coventry, RI 02816 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 SDI Black 011, LLC (#, 1091 YONKERS AVE, YONKERS, NY 10704 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Khangri Sourcing Inc. (#, 6021 129th. Ave SE, Bellevue, WA 98006 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2030 Bojax Auto Collision Inc (#, 4706 Fenlee Ave., Royal Oak, MI 48073 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2045 Litchy Electric L.L.C. (#, 4035 E Post Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89120 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2030 E R Kilpatrick, LLC dba Jefferson Street True Value (#, 212 Greenwood St., La Grande, OR 97850 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2030 
 F-101 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Sondra Gayle Insurance Agency Inc. (#, 2107 Veterans Memorial Blvd, Metaire, LA 70002 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2030 SLCP Transport, LLC (#, 111 Brentwood Dr., College Station, TX 77840 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Title2Land,LLC (#, 11851 Wentling Ave., Baton Rouge, LA 70816 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2045 Terry A. Humphreys dba Tiki Torch Liquors (#) 101 Dallas St., Talihima, OK 74571 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 NetLevel5 LLC dba Moutain Air Duct (#, 4724 Poleplant Dr., Colorado Springs, CO 80918 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 UBIF 86 CO dba UBREAKIFIX (#, 1539 Town Center Dr., Lakeland, FL 33803 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Southeastern Esthetics Institute, LLC and Pura Medical Spa, Corp, LLC (#, 1644 Main St. Ste. 1, Columbia, SC 29201 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Spectrum Dynamics, Inc dba Clean Water Works (#) 27727 Dalton Bluff Ct., Katy, TX 77494 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Chris' Angels Cleaning Service LLC (#) 2090 Dunwoody Club Dr., Sandy Springs, GA 30350 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 KCL Business Service Inc. (#) 1042 San Fernando Rd., San Fernando, CA 91340 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Summerfield Farm, Inc (#, 24 Baker Rd, Pittstown, NJ 08867 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2045 US Dedicated LLC (#, 13410 SE 26th Cir, Vancouver, WA 98683 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2030 ASIL Ventures, LLC (#) 4354 N Bell Ave, Apt G2,, Chicago, IL 60618 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2030 N.W.F.F., Inc. and Environmental Contracting Solutions, Inc. (#, 687 E Central Ave., Sutherlin, OR 97479 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2030 Lynch Mining LLC (#, 7262 West Hunt Hwy., Queen Creek, AZ 85142 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2045 Price Educational Services, LLC dba Mathnasium of South OKC (#, 10740 S May Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73170 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2030 N.W.F.F., Inc. (#, 687 E. Central Ave., Sutherlin, OR 97479 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2045 AccountPics, LLC (#, 903 S WW White Rd, San Antonio, TX 78220 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 Katie Cox Co. LLC (#, 6605 Longshore ST, Ste 240, Dublin, OH 43017 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Code 3 Apps LLC. (#, 843 Tempted Ways Dr, Longmont, CO 80504 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Pumpkin Patch Child Care and Early Education Center, LLC (#, 310 Grove Beach Rd. N, Westbrook, CT 06498 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 
 F-102 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Yinlink International Inc (#, 2 Corporate Dr., Suiite A, East Windsor, NJ 08512 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Giant Development Inc and Crabtree Development Corp (#, 509 Pylon Dr, Ste 110, Raleigh, NC 27606 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Tahzoo LLC (#, 1015 7th St. NW, Washington, DC 20001 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Last Touch LLC (#, 927 E 10th St, Fairmont, MN 56031 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 Splashlight Photographic Digital Studios LLC ,Splashlight (#, 75 Varick St, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10013 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 REST Enterprises Inc dba Upstyled Properties (#, 1440 W Taylor St Unit 595, Chicago, IL 60607 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Allied Molded Products, LLC, Clancy 15 LLC, and Crusader 5088, LLC (#, 1145 13th Ave. East, Palmetto, FL 34221 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Horne Chiropractic Center, P.A (#, 3820 Mountain Rd., Ste.s B C, Pasadena, MD 21122 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Edgar E. Herrera Garcia, Rocio L. D. Herrera dba Integral Delivery Ser (#, 3100 Delaware Ave., Des Moines, IA 50313 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 People United of Louisiana LLC (#, 1401 Hudson Ln., Monroe, LA 71201 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 RJL Texas International Corporation (#, 17401 Triton,, Schertz, TX 78154 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Neeld Rentals Inc dba Mills True Value Hardware (#, 205 Clinton Blvd, Clinton, MS 39056 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Carolina Roofing Siding Painting LLC (#, 204 Depot St., Camponbello, SC 29322 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2045 Anthony Connelly Holdings LLC (#, 7260 Dean Martin Dr., Ste. 800, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2030 Highstar Travel Group, LLC (#, 2869 Wilshire Dr., Ste. 204, Orlando, FL 32835 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Vege Investments, LLC dba Sunoco Homestead (#) 26400 SW 177th Ave, Homestead, FL 33031 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Signature Graphic LLC (#, 14425 N 79th St, Ste. B, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 David M. Benson LLC (#) 1422 Euclid Ave, Cleveland, OH 44115 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Last Minute Effects Inc. (#, 1016 Hamline Pl., Burbank, CA 91504 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2030 Vector Utilities LLC (#, 8501 San Gabriel Dr., Laredo, TX 78045 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Aeromax Industries Inc (#, 1310 Ranchers Legacy Trail, Fort Worth, TX 76126 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 
 F-103 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Accommodating Financial Tax Services, LLC (#, 1642 Ralston Cir., Toledo, OH 43623 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2045 Droplette Marketing Co (#, 6481 Orangethorpe Ave., Buena Park, CA 90620 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Corple Enterprisees Inc (#, 17887 US Hwy. 380 West, Ponder, TX 76259 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Efficient, Fast Good Cleaning Services Inc (#, 2444 NW 177th Ter., Miami Gardens, FL 33056 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Premium Marketing Co. Inc. dba Vera Moore Cosmetics (#, 4 Shadow Ln., Woodbury, NY 11797 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 Shattered Prism LLC (#, 3333 Broadway, New York, NY 10031 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 Jamali LLC dba Saahten (#) 2741 Raceway Fairfield West, Pensacola, FL 32503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 LTD Broadband, LLC (#, 69 Teahouse St, Las Vegas, NV 89138 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2030 Inner Beauty Salon and Suite LLC (#, 825 Beecher St SW, Atlanta, GA 30310 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2045 Just In Time Refrigeration LLC (#, 6400 EDNA TAYLOR PKWY, MONONA, WI 53716 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2045 M-Den, Inc (#, 315 Main St., Ann Arbor, MI 48104 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2030 Zebra House Coffee, LLC (#, 1001 S El Camino Real, San Clemente, CA 92672 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2030 HWH Unlimited, Inc. (#, 43386 Business Park Dr., Temecula, CA 92590 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2030 CashLine Solutions, LLC (#, 467741 E 1050 Rd, Sallisaw, OK 74955 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2030 Indecon Builders Inc (#, 1382 Valencia Ave., Tustin, CA 92780 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Travel with Love, LLC dba Style The Storyteller (#) 8465 W Sahara Ave, Ste 111, Las Vegas, NV 89117 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Perez Law Office, PLLC (#, 80 N McClintock Dr, Chandler,, AZ 85226 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2045 Combs Creative LLC (#) 157 Antler Ridge Cir.,, Nashville, TN 37214 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Moxie Marketing, LLC (#, 51 Lee Dr, Palm Coast, FL 32137 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Tina D. Coker DBA Diane's Accounting Service (#) 119 E Haywood St, England, AR 72046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Staffhink Limited dba Barn Owl Drone Services (#, 4283 Deerfield Hills Rd, Colorado Springs, CO 80916 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 SME Business Services LLC (#, 930 Chesaco Ave., Rosedale, MD 21237 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 
 F-104 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

American Retail Properties, Inc. (#, 125 Main St. 2nd Floor, Reading, MA 01867 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2030 Jonathan J Klaczik LLC dba Veterans Fence Company (#, 7417 Dover Ln., Parma, OH 44130 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2030 Hartley S Johnson Son, Inc. dba Mark T. Wendell Tea (#, 14a Craig Rd., Acton, MA 01720 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2030 The Alder SmokeHouse LLC (#, 1055 Virginia Ave, North Bend, OR 97459 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2030 LIAISON STAINLESS INC (#, 630 James Lee Dr NW, Suwanee, GA 30024 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2030 Next Level Detailing, LLC (#, 3235 Odeon Way, Ste. 201-203, Acworth, GA 30102 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Dearly LOved Counseling, L.L.C (#) 14052 N Dale Mabry Hwy., Ste. 215, Tampa, FL 33618 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Ellis Apex LLC dba Inage360 Marietta (#, 2060 Franklin Way SE, Ste. 150, Marietta, GA 30067 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Thompson Enterprises of Florida LLC dba TCBY FROZEN YOGURT (#, 14543 SW 5th St., Pembroke Pines, FL 33027 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2030 Prosperity Tool, Inc (#, 2006 National Guard Dr., Plant City, FL 33563 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2045 The Number Masters (#, 3325 Highland St., Grove City, OH 43123 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2030 Italian Heritage Tile and Stone Inc (#, 4725 Morgan Territory Rd., Clayton, CA 94517 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2030 T.S.I.-VA, LLC and Alpha Business Services Inc. (#, 2525 Pointe Center Ct., Ste. 200, Dumfries, VA 22026 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2030 Master Printing and Signs Corp Artishirt Co. (#, 386 Squire Rd., Revere, MA 02151 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2045 Modutech Marine Inc (#, 2218 Marine View Dr., Tacoma, WA 98422 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2030 Protek Pest Control Inc, Protek Nurseries LLC Protek Irrigation LLC (#, 8712 60th Ter. South, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2030 GoodGuyS Enterprises Inc dba Goodguys;Good Guy Enterprises;Good Guys (#, 1071 Serpentine Ln., Pleasanton, CA 94566 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2030 Supersonic Cleaning Services Inc (#, 36 Seitz Ter., Arlington, NY 12603 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2030 Marcus Horn dba Versatile Styles and Cuts (#, 2018 24th Ave., Meridian, MS 39301 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2045 Shades of U, Inc. dba Diva by Cindy (#, 15212 Hanover Pike, Upperco, MD 21155 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/9/2045 VIP Lawn Care Services LLC dba VIP Services (#, 3875 Fay Blvd., Cocoa, FL 32927 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2030 
 F-105 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

KTF Consulting Corp (#, 2471 N Geneva Ter., Chicago, IL 60614 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2030 The Hall at the Yard LLC dba The Hall on the Yard (#, 1412 Alden Rd., Orlando, FL 32803 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2031 7PSolutions, LLC (#, 136 North Van Buren St., Nashville, IN 47448 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2030 Babys on Broadway LLC (#, 47 East Broadway, Little Falls, MN 56345 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2030 Hazleton Oil Environmental, Inc (#, 300 Tamaqua St., Hazleton, PA 18201 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2045 South Park Hardware, LLC (#, 16074 South Park Ave, South Holland, IL 60473 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2045 Blakeslee Arpaia Chapman, Inc and Chapman Construction Services, LLC (#, 200 North Branford Rd., Branford, CT 06405 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2030 BulkMore LLC (#, 12741 Ocean Gateway, Ocean City, MD 21842 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2030 Mister Dexters LTD dba Shuga's (#, 702 S Cascade Ave., Colorado Springs, CO 80903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2030 Mister Dexters LTD dba Shuga's (#, 702 S. Cascade Ave., Colorado Springs, CO 80903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2045 Alliance Heating Air Conditioning, Inc. (#, 10 Brookfield Ave., Bridgeport, CT 06610 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2030 Terry and Tammy Jacobsen, Inc dba Appliance Recycling (#, 10105 Airport Way, Snohomish, WA 98296 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2030 Terry Tammy Jacobsen, Inc.dba Appliance Recycling Outlet (#, 10105 Airport Way, Snohomish, WA 98296 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2045 Profit Stewards, LLC (#, 458 Schuylkill Rd., Phoenixville, PA 19460 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/2/2030 Caplan Home Care, LLC (#, 6029 Berkshire Ln., Dallas, TX 75225 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/1/2045 Suburban Transmission of Northern Illinois, Inc. (#, 1714 E Oakton St, Des Plaines, IL 60018 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2045 Tomco Inc. dba Rental City dba Tomco Equiptment Sales (#, 6470 State St., Saginaw, MI 48603 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2030 Dunaway and Hart, Inc (#, 575 Harkrider St., Conway, AR 72032 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2030 Patoruzu Inc dba Sharkey's Cuts for Kids (#, 18121 Tuckerton Rd., Ste. 130, Cypress, TX 77433 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2030 Kris-Leigh Catered Living at Severna Park,LLC (#, 831 Richie Hwy., Severna Park, MD 21146 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2030 Firefly Developement LLC dba Firefly Earthworks (#, 4818 Vicksburg St., Dallas, TX 75207 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2045 
 F-106 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Coffeestamp LLC (#, 2511 S Jefferson Ave., St. Louis, MO 63104 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2030 Forest Scientific Corporation (#, 668 Elm St., Tionesta, PA 16353 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2030 Kanga Lean, Inc. dba F45 Training Trinity (#, 8900 Strengh Ave, New Port Richey, FL 34655 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2030 Astoria-Pacific Inc (#, 15130 SE 82nd Dr, Clackamas, OR 97015 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 Native Fields Landscaping LLC and My Two Girls LLC (#, 73 Taylor Rd., Wharton, NJ 07885 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2045 Mark Allen Taylor dba Taylor Auction (#, 20 68 Westfield Rd., Nicholls, GA 31554 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 Integrated Equipment Inc; Intergrated Elastomers Inc (#, 5701 Brittmoore Rd, Houston, TX 77041 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2045 Rapid Trucking and (#, 4225 W Capitol Ave, West Sacramento, CA 95691 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2045 Signet Media dba Signet Media inc. (#, 630 S 1st St, San Jose, CA 95113 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 GQ Investments LLC (#, 5772 Miami Lakes Dr., Miami Lakes, FL 33014 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2030 Quarles Service Systems, Inc. (#, 1740 September Ave, Memphis, TN 38116 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2045 The Ugly Mug's Coffee and Tea Inc. (#, 1291 Broadway, Placerville, CA 95667 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2030 KR Enterprises, Inc. dba Carriage Inn (#, 1065 Tower Hill Rd., North Kingstown, RI 02852 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2045 Peter Suzanne Scott, Inc., Phillip Showen Bryan Phelan (#, 2342 NY- 37, Port Covington, NY 12937 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Big Brand Management LTD. CO. dba Ivox Media (#, 512 E 11th St, Houston, TX 77008 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Advans IT Services, Inc. (#, One Mercantile St., STE 560, Worcester, MA 01608 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Outcome Driven Innovation dba Spracht; Celltek, ODI, ODI Security (#, 974 Commercial St, Palo Alto, CA 94303 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Minifox Inc. dba Pho Hoa and Jazen Tea (#, 10624 South Eastern Ave. Ste.s R S, Hendersen, NV 89502 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2030 Jones Roger Sherman Inn, Inc. dba Jones Roger Sherman Inn (#) 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/4/2030 14th State Learning, LLC dba Sylvan Learning, LLC (#, 1 Market Pl #10, Essex Junction, VA 05452 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2030 Toju Bay Inc. dba Fiesta Americana Restaurand and Club (#, 1622-1624 N. Mannheim Rd., Stone Park, IL 60165 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2045 
 F-107 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Crux Solutions LLC dba Waddell's Riverside Funeral Directors (#, 6938 Westover St., Houston, TX 77087 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2045 Breakers Electric, LLC dba Merrill Sports (#, 13600 Mustang Dr., Mead, CO 80542 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2030 Feras Alshadaida dba Allura Dairy (#, 8809 N Grove Ave., Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2030 Abe Chahrour Investment, LLC (#, 4001 S Wayne Rd., Wayne, MI 48154 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2045 Bell Oak LLC dba Bell Oak Academy Paradise Strategics LLC (#, 7215 Waelti Dr., Melbourne, FL 32940 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2045 Sherwood Sporthorses Inc. (#, 20502 Forestview, Magnolia, TX 77355 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 Bora Enterprises, LLC (#, 44255-B Fremont Blvd,, Fremont, CA 94538 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2030 Skimino Enterprises LLC (#, 197 Ewell Rd., Williamsburg, VA 23188 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2030 Alex Roit Chiropractic, P. C (#, 55 Northern Blvd., Ste. 103, Great Neck, NY 11021 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2030 Little Feet Academy of Jacksonville, LLC (#, 10265 Normandy Blvd, Jacksonville, FL 32221 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2045 All Modes Transportation Logistics LLC (#) 4313 Collingtree Dr., Rockledge, FL 32955 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 Romo Medical Equiptment LLC (#, 3453 North Panam Expressway, San Antonio, TX 78219 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 Shaw, Ltd dba Fitness 1440 North Coventry (#, 54-58 Glocker Way, Pottstown, PA 19465 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2030 Damiano Global Corp. (#, 333 Birch Hills Dr, Rochester, NY 14622 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2030 Fortson Janitorial Inc (#, 462-482 Chattahoochee St., Cornelia, GA 30531 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2045 A1 Radon Services, LLC (#, 9980 Dell Rd., Eden Prairie, MN 55347 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2030 Spinnaker PSL Inc., Spinnaker Subs- N-Shine Spinnaker Vero Inc (#, 6967 Hancock Dr., Port St Lucie, FL 34952 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2045 3 Fat Labs Inc. and Energy Conservation Solution Inc. (#, 2001 S County Rd. 400 W, Greencastle, IN 46135 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2045 Adorable Home Heath Care LLC (#, 6114 W Capitol Dr. Ste. 205, Milwaukee, WI 53206 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2030 Daftarnow Inc dba Venture X Parsippany (#, 8 Campus Dr. Ste. 105, Parsippany, NJ 07054 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2030 Codame Enterprises LLC dba Firehouse Subs (#, 1547 Main St., Dunedin, FL 34698 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2030 
 F-108 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Amina Financial Solutions LLC dba Expat Tax Solutions (#, 1433 Chestnut St., Macon, GA 31201 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/24/2030 Affinity Integrated Solutions Inc. (#, 115 Pomona Dr., Greensboro, NC 27402 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2045 Affinity Integrated Solutions Inc (#, 115 Pomona Dr., Greensboro, NC 27407 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2030 Align Sports Management, LLC (#, 15822 Caminito Cantaras, Del Mar, CA 92014 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2030 Emmalina LLC (#, 3602 Rock Bay Dr., Louisville, KY 40245 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2030 Lyon Cubs LLC dba Dayton Valley Learning Center (#, 357 Dayton Valley Rd., Dayton, NV 89403 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/16/2045 Luster Custom Homes LLC (#, 18801 North Thompson Peak Pkwy., Ste. 240, Scottsdale, AZ 85255 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2030 Jordi X Kellogg, M.D.,P.C (#, 9200 SE 91st Ave. STE 340, Happy Valley, OR 97086 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2030 VetMed LLC (#, 908 4th Ave., Decatur, AL 35601 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2030 Bearwaters Brewing Company (#, 101 Park St, Canton, NC 28716 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2044 Nick's Country Kitchen, LLC (#, 3 Flanders Rd., Bethlehem, CT 06751 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2044 Global Information Technology, Inc (#, 1 Cragwood Rd, Ste. 101, South Plainfield, NJ 07080 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2029 Dilpreet Hundal dba Kwik Stop (#, 1001 Sacramento Ave., West Sacramento, CA 95605 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2044 Vance Ewing LLC (#, 22940 Harlan Ln, St. Robert, MO 65584 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Larry J. Frick dba L S Trucking (#, 157571 E Wausau Ave., Wausau, WI 54403 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Spinnaker Vero Inc. (#, 983 12th St., Vero Beach, FL 32960 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2044 Kiddie Garden Child Development Center, LLC (#, 2809 W. Atkinson Ave., Milwaukee, WI 53209 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2044 Jauchem Meeh Inc.dba Gregory Meeh Design;Jermy Chernick Design (#, 524 Sackett St., Brooklyn, NY 11217 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Mankamana Holdings, LLc dba Perfect Brow Art, Mankamana Holdings, LLC (#, 7302 Kirby Ave., Lubbock, TX 79424 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Pro-Tek Pest Control, Inc, Pro-Tek Nurseries, LLC, Pro-Tek Irrigation (#, 8712 60th Ter. South, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Irony LLC dba Mulberry s Garment Care (#, 2579 Fairview Ave. North, Roseville, MN 55113 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 
 F-109 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

K S Hardware LLC dba Gopher Ace (#, 1865 Wayzata Blvd, Long Lake, MN 55356 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Tatoo Tony's Under My Skin LLC (#, 73 Memorial Pkwy., Atlantic Highlands, NJ 07716 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 QXC Communications, Inc (#, 4541 N Dixie Hwy, Boca Raton, FL 33431 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Watearth Inc (#, 3371 Glendale Blvd Ste. 208, Los Angeles, CA 90039 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Protek Pest Control, Inc. Pro-tek Nurseries LLC, Pro-Tek Irrigation (#, 8712 60TH TER South, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 A Family Member Homecare Group Inc, A Family Member Homecare Holdings (#, 11788 Sample Rd., Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 313 Air Duck LLC dba Jouny Cleaning Services, M J Restoration (#, 25150 W Warren Ave., Dearborn Heights, MI 48127 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 313 Air Duct LLC Dba Jouny Cleaning Services, M J Restoration (#, 25150 W Warren Ave., Dearborn Heights, MI 48127 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 American Landscaping Company and Ground Effects Landscaping, LLC (#, 6151 A St., Anchorage, AK 99518 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 Bhatti LLC 2, Bhatti LLC (#, 1451 Coral Ridge Ave., Coralville, IA 52241 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/26/2029 Icebox Cafe L.C. and Icebox Pantry, LLC (#, 219 NE 3rd St., Hallendale Beach, FL 33009 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2030 Richwood Enterprises, LLC, Richwood Transport LLC, Richwood Transport (#, 2564 Branch St., Middleton, WI 53562 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2029 Ink! Coffee Company (#, 2851 Larimer St., Denver, CO 80205 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2029 Synergistic-Designs, LLC (#, 493 Wilson Mill Rd., New Wilmington, PA 16142 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2029 512 E 11th Street LLC and Big Brand Management Ltd. Co. (#, 512 E 11th St, Houston, TX 77008 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2044 Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC and International Aviation Sales, Ltd. (#, 2301 N Marginal Rd, Cleveland, OH 44114 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2029 La Tradicion Cubana Inc (#) 9357 S.W. 40th St., Miami, FL 33165 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Freedom Enterprises, Inc - New RE company to be formed (#, 2431 14th Ave. SE, Watertown, SD 57201 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 Freedom Enterprises, Inc (#, 2431 14th Ave. SE, Watertown, SD 57201 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 
 F-110 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Macon Arts Center LLC (#, 4570 Pio Nono Ave, Macon, GA 31206 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 ACC International LLC (#, 200 N Furnace St, Birdsboro, PA 19508 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 Chris Farley DVM PA. dba Farley Veterinary Clinic (#, 6487 Taft St., Hollywood, FL 33024 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Nebulos, LLC (#, 5428 Twilight Way, Parker, CO 80134 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 Kuros, LLC (#, 21221 Baron Lake Dr., Cedaredge, CO 81413 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2044 Kuros, LLC (#, 21221 Baron Lake Dr., Cedaredge, CO 81413 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2045 United Capital Group LLC (#, 23022 La Cadena Dr, Laguna Hills, CA 92653 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 Premier Gaming Solutions Inc (#, 17 South Grand Ave, Pasadena, CA 91105 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2029 HADD Corp (#) 364 Rugby Rd., Cedarhurst, NY 11516 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2029 J and K Project Management Consultants LLC (#, 350 Mc Donnell St, Lewisville, TX 75057 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2044 J and K Project Management Consultants dba A. C. T. Construction (#, 350 Mc Donnell St, Lewisville, TX 75057 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2029 The Floor Covering Warehouse, Inc (#, 112 Orchard St., Stamford, CT 06902 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2044 The Crane Guys, LLC (#, 14480 Alondra Blvd, La Mirada, CA 90638 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Jen Macias LLC dba Duende (#, 2301 NW Thurman St., Portland, OR 97210 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Nulane Entertainment LLC (#, 4100 W. Alameda Ave # 300, Burbank, CA 91505 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Dr Steven J Seidel (#, 42 Campeau Pl., Bergenfield, NJ 07621 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Essex Indoor Golf Center LLC (#, 23 Saybrook Rd., Essex, CT 06426 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Joyner5, Inc.dba British Swim School (#, 3986 Hope Valley, Wake Forest, NC 27587 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2029 Stockton TRI Industries, LLC (#, 2141 E Anderson St, Stockton, CA 95205 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2044 Abylex, Inc and Worpex LLC (#, 7473 Reese Rd #2, Sacramento, CA 95828 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2044 Vaughn Chiropractic, PLLC dba Catalyst Chiropractic and Rehab (#, 10904 Baltimore St NE, Blaine, MN 55449 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2029 
 F-111 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

CCD Construction Services LLC dba Clearwater Outdoor Design, CCD (#, 175 W Borgfeld Dr., San Antonio, TX 78260 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2044 Ciel Du Mel LLC dba Lala's Creamery (#, 134 Petaluma Blvd North, Petalumaca, CA 94952 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2029 Helping Hands Group Daycare dba Dawn to Dusk Learning and Child Care (#, 10 Tremont Rd., Tremont, PA 17981 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2044 SLCP Transport, LLC dba Aamco (#, 1407 Lomaland Dr., El Paso, TX 79935 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2029 Elita 7, LLC and Behavioral Nutrition Inc. (#, 16 Marble St., Worchester, MA 01603 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2029 DB Talak LLC (#, 2018 SE 6th Ave., Portland, OR 97214 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2044 Eagle Eye Truck Lines LLC and Eagle Eye Logistics LLC (#, 560 56th St SW, Grand Rapids, MI 49548 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Glen Lamb dba Lambs Tree And Plant Health Care (#, 413 Pond Meadow Rd., Westbrook, CT 06498 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Wolf Pack, LLC (#, 939 South 25th East, Ste. 115, Ammon, ID 83406 Management of Companies and Enterprises Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Mazhar Family, Inc dba Edible Arrangements (#, 601 Portion Rd., Store #17, Lake Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 The Stout Group LLC (#, 10850 NW 138th St, Hialeah Gardens, FL 33018 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Bay Area Metal Fabricarion LLC (#, 510 -512 Stone Rd., Benicia, CA 94510 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Scott's Hardware, Inc., dba Medford Inc (#) 200 Tuckerton Rd., Medford, NJ 08055 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Clearwater Engineering Inc (#, 301 N River St., Derby, KS 67037 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Standard Capital Corp (#) 2349 Wessington Dr., Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Used Tire Express 1, Corp (#, 437 N. Battlefield, Chesapeake, VA 23320 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Hook Line and Schooner Vinings LLC (#, 400 West Village Way #3009, Smyrna, GA 30008 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2029 Mega Sales Detergent Distributor, LLC (#, 1 Ackerman Ave., Clifton, NJ 07011 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2029 Loading Arms Plus Inc (#, 5401 Mitchelldale St., Ste. B4, Houston, TX 77092 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Behind the Scenes Chicago, LLC dba Paramount Events (#, 2744 W. Roscoe St., Chicago, IL 60618 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Roots'n Shoots, LLC (#, 86 Boston Rd, Chelmsford, MA 01824 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 
 F-112 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Alice's Tea Cup, ATC !! LLC and ATC 111, LLC (#, 102 W 73rd St., New York, NY 10023 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 American Bio Source, LLC dba Dieselgreen Fuels (#, 2522 N Hwy. 287, Decatur, TX 76234 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Kanti Group Inc, Marina 84 Sport Bar Grill LLC and Pub 52 Sports (#, 2440 Wesr State Rd 84, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Fullmer's Landscaping, Inc. (#, 9547 W Third St., Dayton, OH 45417 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2029 Ultra Flow Dispense, LLC (#, 820 Prospect Hill Rd., Windsor, CT 06095 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2029 Ford Custom Renovation LLC (#, 405 Broadway St., Muncy, PA 17756 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2029 B.S Carrier LLC and United Truck Trailer Repair LLC (#, 3716 Garman Rd., Salem, VA 24153 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2029 S C Cookies, Inc (#, 1969 Jericho Turnpike, East Northport, NY 11731 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 A N Design Studios Inc dba Door3 Business Application (#, 370 Lexington Ave. Ste. 1806, Manhattan, NY 10007 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Place Vendome Holding Co Inc.dba R F Marketing (#, 610 East Main St., Swainsboro, GA 30401 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Peanut Butter Co Inc (#, 119 West 57th St., Ste. 300, New York, NY 10019 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Place Vendome Holding Co. Inc.dba R F Marketing (#, 308 Glenwood Rd., Swainsboro, GA 30401 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2044 Cum Laude Enterprises, LLC (#, 19100 GlenWest Dr. Apt # 417, Friendswood, TX 77546 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Best Choice Meats, Inc, (#, 12646 S Springfield Ave, Alsip, IL 60803 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2044 ZUMI LLC dba Allstate Insurance (#, 1537 W 79th St, Chicago, IL 60620 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 The Rollin' Trapp LLC (#, 1731 Prevatt Rd, Dothan, AL 36301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2029 Coral Springs Family Wellness LLC (#, 2902 North University Dr., Coral Springs, FL 33065 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2030 Cobb Roofing LLC (#, 8101 NW 10th St, Oklahoma City, OK 73127 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2029 Weeping Willow Kennel Inc (#, 6041 Hammond School Rd., Salisbury, MD 21804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2029 Cable Management LLC (#, 290 Pratt St., Meriden, CT 06450 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2029 AD Learning Group, LLC dba The Learning Experience AD Learning NH (#, 181 Shunpike Rd., Cromwell, CT 06416 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2029 
 F-113 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Champions Of Diversity Media Inc dba Champions of Diversity: Politics (#, 5100 Transamerica Dr., Columbus, OH 43228 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2044 Lindsley Excavating LLC (#, 92 Town Line Rd., Fulton, NY 13069 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2029 SSH Princeton LLC dba Stumpy's Hatchet House of Princeton (#, 745 Alexander Rd., Ste. 1-3, Princeton, NJ 08540 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2030 MToxins Venom Lab LLC (#, 717 Oregon St., Oshkosh, WI 54902 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2044 The Pinnacle Development Group Inc dba The Goddard School (#) 105 Springside Dr., Akron, OH 44333 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Sean McNamara (#) 5639 Wood Ln., Allentown, PA 18106 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Winning Sales Plan Inc (#, 17811 Fairhaven Gateway, Cypress, TX 77433 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Ameen Enterprises, LLC dba Bargain Town (#, 1111 E Washington St, Stephenville, TX 76401 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 James Richard Farkas Jr. dba Lil Black Bear Inn (#, 8072 State Rd. 46 East, Nashville, TN 47448 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2044 NJ Floats, Inc (#, 327 Rte. 202/206, Bedminster Township, NJ 07921 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2046 Adrienne's Gourmet Foods, Imagine Baking, Inc (#, 1034 Hancock St., Sandusky, OH 44870 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 Two Roses Salon 1, Inc.dba National Fluid Power Institute and NFPI (#, 908 S Jefferson St., Amarillo, TX 79101 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 Steven French dba French Woodworking (#, 1101 Horizon Dr. Ste. 101, Fairfield, CA 94533 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2044 Adrienne's Gourmet Foods, Imagine Baking Inc (#, 1034 Hancock St., Sandusky, OH 44870 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2044 HH Wireless Connect LLC (#, 48267 Deer Trail Dr., Canton, MI 48187 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 East River Plumbing, LLC (#, 997 E River Loop, Priest River, ID 83856 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2044 Integrated Vascular Services LLC (#, 1452 Franklin Ave, Salem, OR 44460 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2029 Link Recreational, Inc (#, 304 Business Hwy. 53, Minong, WI 54859 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/7/2044 Link Recreational, Inc (#, 304 Business Hwy. 53, Minong, WI 54859 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/7/2029 The Committed Pig LLC (#, 28 West Park Pl., Morristown, NJ 07090 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 MJ Group, Inc (#, 26691 Loma Verde, Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 
 F-114 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Maine Service Corp (#, 59-24 55th St., Maspeth, NY 11378 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Mariscos El Oceano, Inc. (#, 5960 S Archer Ave, Chicago, IL 60638 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Guru Kirpa, Inc (#, 3006 New Castle Ave., New Castle, DE 19720 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 D H Construction Services, Inc. (#, 711 Hospital St., Richmond, VA 23219 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Sunburst Trout Farm, LLC (#, 314 Industrial Park Dr, Waynesville, NC 28786 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Automotive Standard, LLC (#, 4028 Coldwater Rd., Fort Wayne, IN 46805 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Automotive Solutions, LLC (#, 1910 W. Dupont Rd., Fort Wayne, IN 46818 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 C P Trading and Sales Inc (#, 950 Peninsula Corporate Cir. Ste. 3016, Boca Raton, FL 33487 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Sunburst Trout Farm, LLC (#, 314 Industrial Park Dr., Waynesville, NC 28786 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Fave Realty, Inc. (#, 217-84 Hempstead Ave., Jamaica, NY 11429 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Plastic Depot, Inc (#, 363 East Alondra Blvd, Gardena, CA 90248 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 BGB Leasing Inc and BGB Leasing Co. (#, 50 Industrial Park Rd, Princeton, KY 42445 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Blue Agave Brothers, LLC dba Blue Apachie Mexican Restaurant (#, 905 Savoy Rd., Youngsville, LA 70592 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Lightning Strike Distributing, LLC dba Jedidiah's Jerky Gourmet (#, 9912 Arizona Dr, Mohave Valley, AZ 86440 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 BGB Leasing Co. (#, 50 Industrial Park Rd., Princeton, KY 42445 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2044 Paul Wintner dba P R Props (#, 23901 Calabasas Rd., Calabasas, CA 91302 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Marnon Vending LLC dba Naturals 2 Go San Antonio (#, 6713 Biscay Hbr, San Antonio, TX 78249 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 OWL Inc, (#, 5300 S Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL 32839 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 Corple Enterprises, Inc (#, 17887 US-380, Ponder, TX 76259 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 Diamond Solutions LLC (#, 7845 East Evans Rd . Ste. A, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2029 Landmark Ventures USA, Inc (#, 475 Park Ave. S, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2029 
 F-115 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Jbang LLC, WM Bang LLC, Bang Investments LLC (#, 125 Westchester Ave., White Plains, NY 10601 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2029 Four Ace Electrical Services Corporation (#, 3723 Far Niente Way, Sacramento, CA 95834 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2029 Fimac Inc dba American Educational Services (#, 26300 La Alameda, Ste. 200, Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/23/2029 James Clark and Company, Inc. (#) 8885 Haven Ave., Ste. 120, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2029 Todd's Car Wash, LLC (#, 5505 Johnston St., Lafayette, LA 70506 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/18/2044 UNIQUE PAVER INSTALLATIONS, INC. (#, 4930 Mars Hill Rd., Bogart, GA 30622 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2029 Roughcut LLC (#, 41540 National Rd, Belmont, OH 43718 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2029 Pine Mountain Residential LLC (#) 10240 Cosmopolitan Cir., Parker, CO 80134 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2029 Glenda D Brewer dba Bargain Store (#) 107 Tabernacle Church Rd., Candor, NC 27229 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 Q2 Ventures, LLC (#, 2805 W Arimo Rd., Arimo, ID 83214 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2029 Paketo LLC dba West Loop UPS Store (#, 623 W Lake St., Chicago, IL 60661 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 10/4/2029 In Power Motors, LLC, In-Power Motors II LLC, In-Power Motors III LLC (#, 2301 W. Buckeye Rd., Phoenix, AZ 85009 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 AV Strategy, Inc (#, 9468 American Eagle Way Ste. 100, Orlando, FL 32837 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Joseph P Fusco DDS PC (#, 77 N Centre Ave., Rockville Centre, NY 11570 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 A Child's Dream Educational Center LLC (#, 4127 NW 34th St., Gainsville, FL 32605 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Heart and Vascular Associates of Tampa, LLC (#, 17 David Blvd., Tampa, FL 33606 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 Atlantic Pacific Hospitality Solutions Inc dba North Beach Bistro (#, 725 Atlantic Blvd, Atlantic Beach, FL 32233 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Meldi Maa, Inc dba The River Complex (#, 74 S Main St., Woonsocket, RI 02895 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 A Child's Dream Educational Center LLC (#, 4127 NW 34th St., Gainesville, FL 32605 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 Titan Laser Screed Concrete Services, LLC (#, 8908 Wildlife Ln., Sanford, FL 32771 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Stiegelbauer Associates Inc. (#, 63 Flushing Ave Unit 342, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Zmetra Clearspan Structures LLC (#, 2 Old Worcester Rd., Webster, MA 01571 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 
 F-116 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Cherry and Candlewood Inc dba Aamco (#, 3029 South St., Long beach, CA 90805 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Wagner Sons Inc (#, 22365 Alydar Dr., Lexington Park, MO 20653 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Aztec Machine Repair Inc, Cranrd Material (#, 1715 N 1st St, Bloomfield, NM 87413 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Double H Services, LLC, C T Oil Field Services, LLC and Brian S. Holma (#, 3721 North 162nd St., Garber, OK 73701 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Santa Fe Flooring LLC (#, 3711 Paseo Del Norte NE, Albuquerque, NM 87113 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2029 Adam's Construction General Contracting LLC (#, 7808 N Custer Rd., Freesoil, MI 49411 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2029 Byler, Wolfe, Lutsch and Kampfer CPAs, Inc (#, 360 East State St., Salem, OH 44460 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2044 Anderson's Outdoor Adventures, LLC (#, 4060 SW County Rd 232, Bell, FL 32619 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2029 Flamingo Bowl, Inc (#, 3301 N 23rd St., McAllen, TX 78501 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2029 Unified Utility Services LLC (#, 206 Frankie Ln., Ladson, SC 29456 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2044 Standard Real Estate Services LLC (#) 500 West Silver Spring Dr., Ste. K 200,, Glendale, WI 53217 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2029 Payne's Enviromental Service, LLC dba Bamaco (#, 5617 Causeway Blvd., Tampa, FL 33619 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2044 Host Marketing, LLC (#) 206 Bell Ln., Ste. B, West Monroe, LA 71291 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2029 Natalie Hart LLC dba Lady of Luxury dba Country Sugar Events, (#, 1702 Fawn Gate St, San Antonio, TX 78248 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2029 Win Health Institute, LLC (#, 711 E Valley Rd, Basalt, CO 81621 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2029 Vancole Investments, Inc. dba Smoothie King #913 Dream Development (#, 876 Virginia Ave., Hapeville, GA 30354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2029 Bay Bowl Inc dba Shasta Lanes (#, 11093 Black Marble Way, Redding, CA 96003 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2044 The Steel Method LLC dba Sneeze It (#, 250 Passaic Ave Ste. 200, Fairfield, NJ 07004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2029 Oak Park Social LLC (#, 14691 W 11 Mile Rd, Oak Park, MI 48237 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2045 ACSS CPA, LLC (#, 1016 S Texas Blvd, Weslaco, TX 78599 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2044 Covert Recordings LLC (#, 31-65 138th St. Apt. 3K, Flushing, NY 11354 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2029 
 F-117 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Body on Cue Health and Fitness LLC (#, 129 A Orpha Dr., Middlebury, IN 46840 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/6/2029 Philly Games Inc.dba Queen Rock Game Cafe (#, 607-609 S 2nd St., Philadelphia, PA 19147 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2029 Eco Electric LLC (#, 5380 Cameron St, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2029 No Push Backs, LLC (#) 5405 Neshaminy Blvd, Bensalem, PA 19020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 Dog House Sportfishing Charters Inc (#) 83413 Overseas Hwy., Islamorada, FL 33036 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 Double Scoop Ice Cream, LLC (#, 2970 Stonecrest Pass, Lithonia, GA 30038 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2044 3C Consumer Network Designs LLC (#, 7676 Hillmont St., Ste. 109, Houston, TX 77040 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2029 Crown Heights Bunch O Bagels More Inc 361 Bagel Holding LLC (#, 361 Troy Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11213 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2029 Esquire Mini Mart LLC Morgan Store Building LLC (#, 12595 S Somerton Ave, Yuma, AZ 85365 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2029 Groton Bowling Center and Entertainment Inc (#, 27 Kings Hwy, Groton, CT 06340 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2044 Linsey Schwertdfeger, Inc. (#, 740 Dennery Rd, San Diego, CA 92154 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 HRS2, LLC (#, 5410 Pipers Creek Ct., Sugar Land, TX 77479 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 DB Talak LLC (#, 2018 SE 6th Ave, Portland, OR 97214 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 Khari E. J. Myers dba Khari Imagery 190 Minerva LLC (#, 190 Minerva St., Tonawanda, NY 14150 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2044 Maryland Urgent Care, Inc. (#, 9831 Greenbelt Rd Ste. 208 (Unit H-2), Lanham, MD 20706 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2044 Crystal S. Prado dba Crystal Clear Accounting (#) 34099 Tuscan Creek Way, Temecula, CA 92592 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2029 ADA Internacional Inc (#, 10891 La Reina Rd., Ste. 100, Delray Beach, FL 33446 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2029 Elite Motors LLC (#, 1046-1050 Orange Ave., West Haven, CT 06516 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2029 SRJ construction Corp (#, 8358 W Oakland Park Blvd. #203E, Sunrise, FL 33351 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2029 MS Integrated Psychotherapy Counseling, LLC (#, 1157 Main St., Clifton, NJ 07011 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2029 
 The Roux Southern Kitchen, LLC (#, 252 FM 3162, Sandia, TX 78383 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2029 
 F-118 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Metro R Services Inc. and Metal Roof Supplies, Inc. (#, 20 Universal Pl., Carlstadt, NJ 07072 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2029 Auto Unique LLC (#, 305 W Main St., Mayo, FL 32066 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2044 William Martinez dba Bad Ass Coffee of Hawaii (#, 14101 Main St., Ste. 4101, Hesperia, CA 92345 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Signature Rooms, Inc. (#, 2066 Rte. 112, Medford, NY 11763 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2029 American Healthy Vending, Inc (#, 5420 NW 161 St., Palmetto Lakes, FL 33014 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2029 Accent Home Services LLC dba Benjamin Franklin Plumbing of Kansas City (#, 7748 Troost Ave., Kansas City, MO 64131 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2029 Accelerate Educational Solutions, LLC dba Tutor My Success (#, 135 Clove Branch Rd., Hopewell Junction, NY 12533 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/14/2029 Ranson Excavating, Inc (#, 8343 Kaula Dr., Fair Oaks, CA 95628 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2029 Love Playing LLC (#, 2200 Eastridge Loop, San Jose, CA 95122 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2030 Elixir Enterprises, LLC dba Guilford Renee's (#, 637 Boston Post Rd., Guilford, CT 06437 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2029 Accord Law, APC (#, 82555 Grass Flat Ln., Indio, CA 92203 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2029 Billy Auto Inc (#, 632 N Broadway, Amityville, NY 11701 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2044 East Coast Flight Services, Inc and Aviation Consulting Enterprise (#, 27603 Pkwy. Rd., Easton, MD 21601 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Genecco Produce, Inc. Leo Genecco Sons, Inc. (#, 1850 Rochester Rd., Canadaigua, NY 14424 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 St. Francis Home Health Inc (#, 5246 SW 8th St 103B, Coral Gables, FL 33134 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 La Mount Group LLC (#, 3111 Princeton Rd., Hamilton, OH 45011 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Gray Rock Quarry, LLC and William E Dailey III (#, 54 West Milton Rd, Milton, VT 05468 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2044 Canyon Lake Kids Academy, LLC (#, 130 Charter Oak Dr., Canyon Lake, TX 78133 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2044 Quick and Quality Services dba Bella Roma Pasta Pizza Farshad Fari (#, 28940 Golden Lantern, Laguna Niguel, CA 92677 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Grad Street LLC (#) 2437 Corinth Ave Apt 130, Los Angeles, CA 90064 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Aeromax Industries, Inc, HITM, Inc and TMCB LLC (#, 9027 Canoga Ave, Canoga Park, CA 91301 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2044 
 F-119 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Dant A Sandras, D.D.S. LLC (#, 13373 Hwy. 3235, Larose, LA 70373 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Micheal Birch and Tracy M. Pierce (#, E 2947 H-44, Traunik, MI 49891 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2044 Moore Chiropractic Center, P.A. (#, 936 Roosevelt Trail Unit 1 2, Windham, ME 04062 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2029 Sou's LLC (#, 739 NE MLK Blvd., Portland, OR 97221 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2029 Power Associates Inc. (#, 2766 West Good CT, Boise, ID 83702 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2029 Dan Dahlin Inc. (#, 16465 MN-65, Ham Lake, MN 55304 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2044 Franklin Care Pharmacy Incorporated (#, 520 N Franklintown Rd., Baltimore, MD 21223 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2029 700 Services Inc.dba 700 Credit Repair (#, 1201 N Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75087 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 Hardrock Alpha Enterprises, LLC (#, 5101 Stine Rd., Bakersfield, CA 93313 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 Lawrence Adeyemo Co LLC (#) 209-34 112 Ave, Queens Village, NY 11429 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 Bonfire Hot Yoga LLC (#, 3665 SW Hall Blvd, Beaverton, OR 97005 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2029 JDM2 Water Station LLC (#, 125 Chestnut Hill Dr., York, PA 17408 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2029 Garage Floor Coating of MN.com, LLC (#, 6701 West 23rd St., St. Louis Park, MN 55426 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2044 Adam Family Bowl Inc (#, 1504 Chestnut St., Mishawaka, IN 46545 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2044 Bouquet Canyon Kennels (#, 29973 Bouquet Canyon Rd., Santa Clarita, CA 91390 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2044 Beacon Metal Fabricators, Inc. (#, 5425-D Hamilton Ave., Cleveland, OH 44114 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2029 Last Touch, LLC (#, 1612 Jackson St., Spirit Lake, IA 51360 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/11/2044 Menskha Inc (#) 88 High St., Montclair, NJ 07042 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/10/2029 D DeGregoria LLC dba The UPS Store 4235 Massapequa (#, 4940 Merrick Rd., Massapequa Park, NY 11762 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 7/10/2029 Upul's Travel Service Tours Inc (#, 654 Shopping Ln., Covina, CA 91723 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 NJ Floats Inc (#, 1 Robertson Rd, Ste. 13, Bedminster, NJ 07921 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Upul's Travel Service Tours Inc (#, 654 Shoppers Ln., Covina, CA 91723 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 
 F-120 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Big Picture Group LLC (#, 935 N La Jolla, Los Angeles, CA 90046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 5161 LLC (#, 1478 E Mountain Dr., Santa Barbara, CA 93108 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Sundown Audio, LLC (#, 514 West 21St St., Newton, NC 28658 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Richmond Street Partners, LLC (#, 200 E Chestnut St, Chicago, IL 60611 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 K K Restaurant LLC (#, 6607 S Central Ave., Phoenix, AZ 85042 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Crestview Ridge Farms LLC (#, 1172 Co Rd. 956, Ashland, OH 44805 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Good News Cafe, LLC (#, 694 Main St. South, Woodbury, CT 06798 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Nevada Recycling and Salvage LTD, AMCB LLC (#, 1085 Telegraph St, Reno, NV 89502 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Port Huron Ophthalmology, PLLC dba Black River Optical (#, 1660 Stone St, Port Huron, MI 48060 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Jian Yang and Kanger House LLC (#, 48 Horse Hill Rd., Cedar Knolls, NJ 07927 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Advance Transit LLC (#, 574-614 Tonnelle Ave, Jersey City, NJ 07307 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Crescent Event Productions, Inc (#, 1327 Wood Branch Dr., Charlotte, NC 28273 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Ailky Corporation Wyspen (#, 352 Bedford St., Lakeville, MA 02347 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 S T Hardware Inc (#, 2300 Nooseneck Hill, Coventry, RI 02816 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2044 Tekoa Enterpises, Inc (#, 1033 Cannon Bridge Rd., Cordova, SC 29039 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Selective Automotive Accessories Group, Inc (#, 2221 Pelham Pkwy., Pelham, AL 35124 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Lynx Inspection Technologies LLC (#, 8101 Miller Rd 2, Houston, TX 77049 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2044 All-City Towing LLC, Jeffrey James Piller (#, 1213 W Mallory Ave., Milwaukee, WI 53221 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Child Care Ventures LLC dba Childcare Adventures ELC (#, 3542 Glendale Ave, Toledo, OH 43614 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2044 Paradise Towing Recovery Inc (#, 1115 S Homer Blvd., Sanford, NC 27330 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2029 Paradise Towing Recovery Inc (#, 1115 S. Horner Blvd., Sanford, NC 27330 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2044 
 F-121 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Spartan Technology Solutions, Inc (#, 125 Venture Blvd, Spartanburg, SC 29306 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2044 Professional Tire Limited Liability Company (#, 6655 Country Rd. 32, Norwich, NY 13815 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2044 Vanchoc Transport Inc (#, 275 52nd St., Brooklyn, NY 11220 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2029 Scissor Kids Inc (#, 63 Hebron Ave., Ste. F, Glastonbury, CT 06033 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2029 Sweets By Karla LLC (#, 3273 South John Young Pkwy., Kissimmee, FL 34746 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2029 Krsto, LLC dba Italian Butter Breadsticks (#, 34683 Nova Dr, Clinton Twp, MI 48035 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2044 Port Diesel L.L.C. (#) 3212 Alex Trask Dr., Castle Hayne, NC 28429 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Small Batch Creations Inc. dba The Office Bar Grill (#, 295 E WASHINGTON AVE, SUNNYVALE, CA 94086 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Campuscuts LLC (#) 930 Robtrice Ct, Edmond, OK 73430 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 William Rose Inc (#, 1 Grace Cove Rd, New Shoreham, RI 02807 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2044 Peninsula Self Defense LLC (#, 2766 Bay Rd., Redwood City, CA 94063 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Central Texas Hygiene, LLC. (#, 10201 McKalla Pl., Austin, TX 78758 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2029 Zion Motors Inc (#, 6949 Wall Triana Hwy, Madison, AL 35757 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2044 Bader Furniture Company Inc. (#, 704 N Liberty St., Shamokin, PA 17872 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2029 Beck's Pub Grill LLC (#, N6630 WI-49, Weyauwega, WI 54983 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2044 Ivesters Transportation, Inc (#, 4299 South 2675 West, Roy, UT 84067 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2029 Archer Cleaners Inc (#) 1514 W. 33rd St., Chicago, IL 60608 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2029 Throop Family Holding Inc dba Klamath Basin Metals and Supply (#, 7130 Crater Lake Hwy., White City, OR 97503 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2029 J A Elliott Company (#, 1118 Thornberry Dr, Clarksville, TN 37043 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2029 Neely Motorsports, Inc dba Earl's Store #1;Earl's Performance Plumbing (#, 15825-15827 Hawthorne Blve, Lawndale, CA 90260 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2044 Allison K. Chipak dba Still Photography (#) 195 Ter. Pl., Apt. 2, Brooklyn, NY 11218 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2029 
 F-122 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Preferred Manufacturing Services Inc (#, 4261 Business Dr., Cameron Park, CA 95682 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2029 Evoke Growth Advisory LLC (#, 2600 Brookwood Way Dr., Unit 311, Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2029 Morey Publishing LLC (#, 575 Underhill Blvd, Ste. 216, Syosset, NY 11791 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 G.S.A.T. Restoration Inc. dba Paul Davis Restoration Remodeling (#, 1450 Oakbrook Dr, Norcross, GA 30093 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 Martin Inventory Management, LLC (#, 304 1/2 Main St., Edgefield, SC 29824 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 V M Transportation LLC (#, 1307 27th St. Apt B, North Bergen, NJ 07047 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 Inside Out Maintenance LLC (#, 1698 SW Pancoast St., Port St Lucie, FL 34987 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2029 Aspen Welding LLC (#, 28803 US-6, Rifle, CO 81650 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2044 AGR, Inc (#, 2-255555 Kaumualii Hwy, Kalaheo, HI 96741 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2044 Brooklyn Breakfast Shop LLC (#, 7707 S IH 35 Frontage Rd #730, Austin, TX 78744 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2029 PD Financial LLC (#, 364 Parsippany Rd., Unit 7-B, Parsippany, NJ 07054 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2044 McGuckin Pyle Inc (#, 120 Corporate Ln, New Bern, NC 28562 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2044 2820 US HWY 98 N LLC dba Total Package Car Wash (#, 2820 US Hwy 98 N, Lakeland, FL 33805 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 MCM Design LLC (#) 5926 Vinings Vintage Way, Mableton, GA 30126 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 ES A, INC., A LAW CORPORATION (#, 1003 Bishop St., Honolulu, HI 96813 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2029 Kappa Investments LLC dba Buddy's Home Furnishings (#, 365 Lowe's Dr., Ste. H, Danville, VA 24540 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2029 Covalent Holding LLC (#, 18 West Chestnut St.,Unit 2F, Chicago, IL 60610 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2029 BD Branson Victorian LLC dba Branson Surrey Inn (#, 430 a/k/a 450 South Hwy. 165, Branson, MO 65616 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2029 CJNR LLC dba Chenney Bear Cafe, Elma Lodge Suites, Parkhurst Motel (#, 208 East Main St., Elma, WA 98541 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2029 Cut To The Chase 502 LLC (#, 6903 Lakegreen Ct, Louisville, KY 40291 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2029 The Lobster Pot Inc (#, 119 Hope St., Bristol, RI 02809 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2044 
 F-123 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Two Pie Lovers LLC dba Pizza Outpost (#, 302 E. Millitary Hwy U1122, Brackettville, TX 78832 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2044 Folklore Music Exchange LLC (#, 617 Tennessee Ave, Charleston, WV 25302 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2029 NYM Solutions Inc.dba NYM Solutions, Inc (#) 12150 SW 128th St. CT Ste. 209, Miami, FL 33186 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2029 Life View Prenatal Imagery, LLC (#, 312 79th Ave North, Myrtle Beach, SC 29572 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Global Enterprises LLC dba Verdi Pizza (#, 3111 S Valley View Blvd., Las Vegas, NV 89102 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 EPIFAB,LLC (#, 1341 Brooks St. Unit D, Ontario, CA 91762 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Art Amore Studios, LLC (#, 6507 Jester Blvd, Ste. #107, Austin, TX 78750 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Modern Trousseau, LLC (#, 125 Bradley Rd., Woodbridge, CT 06525 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/1/2029 Midlothian Hardware, Inc dba Grills True Value (#, 475 West 147th St, Midlothian, IL 60445 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2029 Sona USA, Inc (#, 15280 NW 79th Ct Ste 109, Miami Lakes, FL 33016 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2029 Pellegrin Marine Transportation, LLC (#, 117 Country Village Dr., Raceland, LA 70394 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2029 La Dolce Vita LLC. (#, 196 N. Holiday Rd., Miramar Beach, FL 32550 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2044 La Dolce Vita, LLC, La Dolce Vita Watersports LLC, LDV Golf Cart (#, 196 N. Holiday Rd., Miramar Beach, FL 32550 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2029 Jones Roger Sherman Inn, Inc. (#, 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2029 ER DC McPherson Holdings, LLC (#, 6957 W Broward Blvd., Plantation, FL 33317 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2029 All My Best Inc. (#, 4320 Anthony Ct. Ste.s 1,2,3, Rocklin, CA 95677 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/19/2029 Rello, Inc. dba ID Salon (#) 8063 Jericho Turnpike, Woodbury, NY 11797 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 Expert Building Services LLC (#, 74 Roosevelt St., Pequannock Township, NJ 07440 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 2Choice2Friends dba 2 N 1 Salad Bar and Grill (#) 901 W Braker Ln., Austin, TX 78758 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 Pranamji Inc dba Ohara's Beverage Spot (#, 2300 Levit Rd., Lorain, OH 44052 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/16/2044 Samco Food Corp dba C-Town Supermarket (#, 1761 Nostrand Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11226 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 
 F-124 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

P. Moss Enterprises, LLC dba Garage Experts-Mid Atlantic (#, 3563 South River Ter., Edgewater, MD 21037 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 Southern Gulf Construction, Inc. (#, 367 Pine Island Rd., North Fort Myers, FL 33903 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 J.T. ONeill Company, LLC (#, 19972 Willowin Farm Ln., Purceville, VA 20132 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 Bill Berger LLC (#, 8728 Tireman Ave, Detroit, MI 48204 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 Maxiflex LLC (#, 512 Verret St., New Orleans, LA 70114 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/11/2029 VRGE Strategies LLC (#, 1155 15th St NW, Washington, DC 20005 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/10/2029 Georgetown Milling Co, LLC (#, 9001 Wentworth Springs Rd., Georgetown, CA 95634 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2029 FRAJOVI Urban Air, LLC dba Urban Air Trampoline Adventure Park (#, 1256 Indian Head Rd., Toms River, NJ 08755 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2030 Bose and Avinder, Inc.and Carmel and Preet Inc (#, 28201 Date Palm Dr., Cathedral City, CA 92234 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2029 Marnon Enterprise LLC (#, 6713 Biscay Hbr, San Antonio, TX 78249 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2029 Turtle Shirts, LLC (#, 10241 Metro Pkwy# 108, Ft Myers, FL 33966 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Reliable Power Group Inc. dba Batteries + bulbs Pensacola (#, 6895 N. 9th Ave. Ste. B, Pensacola, FL 32504 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Bright Freight Solution, LLC (#, 1112 N Main St, Manteca, CA 95336 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Bhatti LLC dba Auntie Ann's Bhatti LLC 1 (#, 7219 Silver Mist Ave., North Chesterfield, VA 23237 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Hamsons Inc. (#, 4900 Hopyard Rd., Pleasanton, CA 94588 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Pizzaplex L3C (#, 4458 West Vernor Hwy, Detroit, MI 48209 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 NuBe Business Group LLC (#, 2140 44th St SE, Ste. 201, Grand Rapids, MI 49508 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Raven's Place LLC (#, 13031 S Western Ave, Blue Island, IL 60406 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Bayco Enterprises, Inc (#, 128 Cowesett Ave., West Warwick, RI 02893 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Stillwater Ventures, LLC (#, 8272 W. Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90048 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Outtasight Careers, LLC dba Gecko Hospitality (#, 109 W Fern St., Tampa, FL 33604 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 
 F-125 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

J Brothers Enterprises, LLC (#, 1101 NW 12TH Ave, Ava, MO 65608 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Ren Investment Group Inc dba True Positon Manufacturing (#, 40 Sandra Dr., South Windsor, CT 06074 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 EJ James Transport LLC (#, 3100 Drewsky Ln. Unit 108, Fort Mills, SC 29715 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Skaggs RV Outlet ,LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr., Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 GS Bath Inc (#, 5335 E. Kaviland Ave, Fresno, CA 93725 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 Custom Vinyl Products LLC (#, 260 Enterprise Dr., Newport News, VA 23603 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2044 Cocomo Joe's LLC (#, 3949 New Rd., Youngstown, OH 44515 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 PA Sobol Partners LLC dba Sobal (#, 206 Rohrerstown Rd, Lancaster, PA 17603 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 Cinco Fit LLC dba Cinco Fit (#, 23010 Highland Knolls Blvd, Ste G, Katy, TX 77494 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2029 Danielle Vance LPC, LLC dba Danielle Vance MA, LPC (#, 1127 Auraria Pkwy., Ste. 201, Denver, CO 80204 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2029 DC AG, LLC dba Big B Sales (#, 674 LA- 8, Sicily Island, LA 71368 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2044 Heritage Hills Athletics 1, LLC and Heritage Hills Athletics 1, LLC (#, 2880 Carol Rd, East York, PA 17402 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2044 District 5 Boutique LLC (#, 317 N Farview Ave, Paramus, NJ 07652 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2029 Virginia Industrial Plastics, Inc. (#, 2454 North East Side Hwy., Elkton, VA 22827 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2029 Virginia Industrial Plastics, Inc. (#, 2454 N East Side Hwy.,, Elkton, VA 22827 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2044 Gary Krause dba Gary Krause Landscaping Design (#, 489 Hamilton Rd., Jacksonville, OR 97530 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2029 Dependable Lawn Care, Inc. (#, 2320 138TH ST, Blue Island, IL 60406 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2029 Dependable Lawn Care, Inc. (#, 2320 138th St., Blue Island, IL 60406 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2044 American Trails Transport, LLC (#, 8704 Grand Ave., Billings, MT 59106 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2029 Michigan Neurosurgical Institute, P.C.,,Optical Spine,LLC, MNI Great (#, 9400 South Saginaw St., Unit 1, Grand Blanc, MI 48439 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2044 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 1 Williams Ln., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 
 F-126 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Michigan Neurosurgical Institute P.C. (#, 9400 South Saginaw St., Unit 1, Grand Blanc, MI 48439 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Mega Trucking LLC and Olyimpian Industries LLC (#, 5979 NW 151st St, Miami Lakes, FL 33014 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Marvellous Print Ship LLC (#, 605 W Main St, Oxford, KS 67119 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2029 Panetcarne Inc.dba Jersey Mike's Subs Greenfield (#, 23077 Greenfield Rd., Southfield, MI 48075 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 B W Towing LLC (#, 701 Addison Rd., Painted Post, NY 14870 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2029 Vanchoc Transport Inc (#, 137 3rd St, Brooklyn, NY 11231 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2029 Screening Services Group, LLC (#, 8670 Wilshire Blvd, Beverly Hills, CA 90211 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2029 Mill Creek Early Childhood Program LLC (#, 510 South Batavia Ave., Batavia, IL 60510 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2029 Wildflour Bakery Cafe LLC (#, 5137 Clareton Dr Ste. 100,110 120, Agoura Hills, CA 91301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2029 D S Village Hardware LLC dba Cedar Mountain Country Store Samantha (#, 76 Ranch Rd. a/k/a 3695 Movie Ranch Rd., Duck Creek, UT 84762 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2044 Alpine Remediation, Inc, T M Holdings, LLC (#, 14252 W 44th Ave Unit F, Golden, CO 80403 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2029 Precise Air Systems, Inc (#, 5467 W San Fernando Rd., Los Angeles, CA 90039 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2029 Seeds of Knowledge Creative Learning Center LLC (#, 15101 West McNichols Rd., Detroit, MI 48235 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2044 Doble Rentals, L.L.C , Doble Rentals 2, LLC, Doble Rentals 3, LLC (#, 487 Elizabeth Lake Rd, Waterford, MI 48328 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2029 Wooter Apparel, Inc (#, 727 Page Ave., Staten Island, NY 10307 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2029 NY Scoops LLC dba Cool Suppliers and Breakneck Road LLC (#, 20 Silver Fox Ln., Sussex, NJ 07461 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2029 Woodard Electric Services, Inc. (#, 1600 Carter Cove Rd., Hayesville, NC 28904 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2029 Shah Medical Center SC Heeena Shyamani (#, 484 Summit St, Elgin, IL 60120 Hospitals Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2044 Monkey Bones LLC (#, 3361 Dayton Xenia Rd., Beavercreek, OH 45432 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2044 Harbor Management Company Inc dba Jamba Juice (#, 5501 Josh Birmingham Pkwy Concourse A, Charlotte, NC 28208 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2029 
 F-127 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Rob Barletta's Hockey School, Inc (#, 2130 Providence Hwy., Walpole, MA 02081 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Bowl 360 Inc. (#, 98-18 Rockaway Blvd, Far Rockaway, NY 11417 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Bowl 360 Inc. (#, 98-18 Rockaway Blvd, Ozone Park, NY 11417 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Outler Transportation Services,LLC (#, 3775 Carriage Downs Ct. SW, Snellville, GA 30039 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 M M Burgers Inc dba Checkers (#, 530 Willis Ave, Bronx, NY 10455 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 Tony Herring Associates, Inc (#, 211 West Camellia Dr., Slidell, LA 70458 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2029 Gateway Veterinary Services, P.C. dba Liberty Animal Clinic (#, 9212 Liberty Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2044 Par-Man, Inc. dba Rockstar Tattoo (#, 450 Fremont St #109 and 113, Las Vegas, NV 89101 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2029 KHSE Parks, Inc. (#, 600 West Charles St., Matthews, NC 28105 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2029 Shepherd Fitness, LLC dba Workout Anytime Ooltewah (#, 9408 Apison Pike, Ste. 11, Ooltewah, TN 37363 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/8/2029 Pamletics LLC dba F45 (#, 22015 IH 10 West, San Antonio, TX 78249 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2029 Precedence Enterprises LLC dba Spartan Junk Removal (#, 8101 Sandy Spring Rd. Ste. 250N, Laurel, MD 20707 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2029 EJGR Corp dba Brite Energy Solutions (#, 87 Main St. Upper Level, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY 10706 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2029 Creative Counseling Nashville PLLC (#, 4119 Gallatin Pike, Nashville, TN 37216 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2029 Hernando Beach Motel Inc.,The Purple Cow House of Pancake Inc (#, 4291 Shoal Line Blvd., Hernando Beach, FL 34607 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2029 Jesus and Son's Landscape Contractors, LLC (#, 4371 Durham Ct., Denver, CO 80239 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2029 Employer Resource Services LLC dba Data Pool (#, 500 Research Rd, Richmond, VA 23236 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2029 MYC Motors Inc (#, 3808 Vegas Dr., Las Vegas, NV 89108 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2044 FNF LLC dba AK Wine Grotto (#, 11109 Old Seward Hwy., Anchorage, AK 99515 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2029 IGWT Coffee, LLC dba PJ's Coffee of New Orleans (#, 414 Union St, Nashville, TN 37219 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2029 Hilco Athletics Graphics Inc (#, 55 Green Hill St., West Warwick, RI 02816 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/16/2044 
 F-128 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Fluid Connections LLC dba BurgerIM (#, 174 El Cerrito Plz., El Cerrito, CA 94530 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 HSR Tacos LLC dba California Tortilla (#, 11694 Sudley Manor Dr., Manassas, VA 20109 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 Rashed and Shabila LLC (#, 14865 Hwy. 92, Woodstock, GA 30188 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2029 The Chop House Inc. (#, 191 Old Tower Hill Rd., South Kingstown, RI 02879 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2043 American Rewinding of NC Inc dba MTS (#, 1825 N Rocky River Rd, Monroe, NC 28110 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2028 Omega Funeral and Cremation Services,LLC (#, 9503 Kenwood Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45242 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Superior Concepts Acquisition Corp (#, 1710 Tiles Ct, Grand Haven, MI 49417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2028 Superior Concepts Acquisition Corp (#, 1710 Tiles Ct., Grand Haven, MI 49417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Galt Insurance Group of Bonita Springs, LLC Bonita Safety (#, 10911 Bonita Beach Rd SE Unit 104 A 104B, Bonita Springs, FL 34135 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Fave Realty Inc. (#, 74 Larkfield Rd., East Northport, NY 11731 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2043 Medworxs Inc. (#, 6857 Timbers Dr., Evergreen, CO 80439 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2028 East Breeze LLC dba Historic Springdale Pub and Eatery (#, 32302 East Historic Columbia River Hwy, Corbett, OR 97019 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2043 Green Valley Landscape Management Inc. dba Apopka Mower and Equipment (#, 2975 W Orange Blossom Trail, Apopka, FL 32712 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2043 Reservations Unlimited LLC (#, 312 W Main St., Red River, NM 87558 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/26/2043 BD Branson Victorian LLC dba Branson Victorian Inn (#, 450 South Hwy. 165, Branson, MO 65616 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2043 Timios Enterprises Corp dba Palm Court (#, 1912 N Arlington Heights Rd., Arlington Heights, IL 60004 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2043 Sesolinc GRP, Inc. (#, 806 Randy Lowery Rd., Statesboro, GA 30461 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 D.A.F.S Transport, LLC (#, 207 S. Teresa St., Monahans, TX 79756 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Accel Compression Inc.,Accel Workover Services Inc dba Mica Tool (#, 4500 S Country Rd, Odessa, TX 79768 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2044 C D Trucking Equipment Service, Inc. (#, 4015 Jennings Rd, Cleveland, OH 44109 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2043 
 F-129 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Precision Bytes LLC dba Tower Connect (#, 607 West Magnolia Ave., Fort Worth, TX 76104 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Baseline Health, LLC Baseline Health Management, LLC (#, 1101 Stewart Ave Ste 104, Garden City, NY 11530 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Fifth Wheel Truck Stop 001, Inc. (#, 3767 South Golden State Blvd, Fresno, CA 93725 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Burgess and Dudley, Incorporated (#, 24462 NW 9th Pl., Newberry, FL 32669 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Diamond Estates LLC (#, 110 Ct. St Ste. 1, Cromwell, CT 06416 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Healthy and Fresco LLC (#, 1671 Belle Isle Ave. Ste. 110- Office C, Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2029 Alaska Motor Home Inc (#, 6633 Brayton Dr., Anchorage, AK 99507 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Local Liberty Inc dba The Wardsboro Country Store (#, 23 Main St., Wardsboro, VT 05355 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2043 Yellow Fin Marine Services LLC, K Marine XI, LLC K Marine VIII, LLC (#, 2043 Coteau Rd., Houma, LA 70364 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Flashii App, Inc. (#, 3031 Tisch Way, 1st Floor, San Jose, CA 95128 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Roots N Shoots, LLC Yardplus LLC (#, 86 Boston Rd., Chelmsford, MA 01824 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 CK Green Partners, LLC dba Reis and Irvy"s Columbus (#, 5898 Chandler Ct. STE B, Westerville, OH 43082 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Hotel Compete, LLC (#, 223 W Jackson Blvd, Chicago, IL 60606 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Accent Comfort Services, LLC (#, 5035 W. W.T. Harris Blvd. Ste. C, Mecklenburg, NC 28269 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2028 Sheldon T Banks and Sheldon T Banks LLC dba Serenity Funeral Chapel ll (#, G-2340 West Carpenter Rd., Flint, MI 48505 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2044 The Cromer Company (#, 9800 NW 78th Ave., Hialeah Gardens, FL 33016 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2028 Ventures TBD LLC dba The Bottle Tree (#, 102 Davis St., Belmont, NC 28012 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2043 Peanut Butter Co., Inc. (#, 119 West 57th St., Ste. 300, New York, NY 10019 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Mediterranean Tastes Inc dba Mediterranean Tastes Since 1974 (#, 196-15 Northern Blvd, Flushing, NY 11318 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 
 Alpha Landscape Contractors, Inc (#, 2823 Fllintstone Rd., Millers, MD 21102 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2029 
 F-130 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Cordoba Foods LLC, Multi Logistics Network Inc, Karina Mena (#, 4477 E 11th Ave., Hialeah, FL 33013 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Alpha Omega Trucking LLC (#, 14432-14452 Stateline Rd., Brookings, OR 97415 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Healthy Human, LLC (#, 1007 Johnnie Dodds Blvd., Ste. 123, Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Sound Contracting LLC (#, 148 Holmgren Pl., Girdwood, AK 99587 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Sound Contracting LLC (#, 148 Holmgren Pl., Girdwood, AK 99587 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2043 L M Services, LLC (#, 560 Main St., Milford, UT 84751 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2043 Fitness Orlando LLC Fitness Orlando Oviedo, LLC (#, 160 Tuskawilla Rd Ste 1214, Winter Springs, FL 32708 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 OC Helicopters LLC (#, 19711 Campus Dr. Ste. 260, Santa Ana, CA 92707 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2028 The Miller Center for Esthetic Excellence, (#, 22 Old Short Hills Rd.,, Livingston, NJ 07039 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2043 Plan B Burger LLC (#, 484 Farmington Ave, Hartford, CT 06105 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2029 Ashwood Food Services, Incorporated dba Jake Rooney's (#, 119 Brooks Rd, Harwich Port, MA 02646 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Mateo Enterprise Inc dba El Milagro Market (#, 575 Panama Ln., Bakersfield, CA 93307 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2043 Mateo Enterprise Inc dba El Milagro Market (#, 575 Panama Ln., Bakerfield, CA 93307 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Ashwood Food Services Inc. dba Jake Rooney's (#, 119 Brooks Rd., Harwich Port, MA 02646 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2043 Behind The Scenes Chicago, LLC dba Paramount Events (#, 2744 W. Roscoe St., Chicago, IL 60618 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Duck's Nuts Inc dba Pet Place Market (#, 212 Bendigo Blvd. N, North Bend, WA 98045 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 TFE Resources ,LTD (#, 11 Easter Ct. Ste. G, Owings Mills, MD 21117 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 Hilltop Wine Shop, Inc dba Hiltop Wine Shop (#, 7505 Highland Rd., White Lake, MI 48383 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2043 EMES Supply, LLC (#, 35622 Vine St., EastLake, OH 44095 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 White Wilson Associates LLC (#, 16238 Louis Ave., South Holland, IL 60473 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2043 Team Henry, LLC dba Kelly Automotive of Deltona (#, 1290 Doyle Rd, Deltona, FL 32725 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2043 
 F-131 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

ZLM Services LLC (#, 9422 Marine City Hwy, Casco, MI 48064 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2029 Food Service Industry Consultants Inc. (#, 1465 Kelly Johnson Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80920 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/7/2029 Metro R Services Inc. and Metal Roof Supplies Inc. (#, 20 Universal Pl., Carlstadt, NJ 07072 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/6/2029 CET Inc (#, 4709 N El Capitan Ave. Ste. 205, Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/6/2029 Access Staffing, LLC (#, 360 Lexington Ave. 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2029 The Altitude Group LLC (#, 949 A Clint Moore Rd., Boca Raton, FL 33487 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2029 York Concrete Corp (#, 1 Plumb CT., Huntington Station, NY 11746 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2043 Swantown Inn and Spa, LLC (#, 1431 11th Ave. SE, Olympia, WA 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 1/3/2029 Water Station Holdings LLC (#, 1104 N Keystone Ave., Indianapolis, IN 46201 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2028 Luxury Furniture, Inc.dba Venicasa Luxe Home Interiors (#, 13762 W State Rd 84, Davie, FL 33325 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2028 Microplex Co, Third Market LLC (#, 244 Spokane Ave, Whitefish, MT 59937 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2028 Littleton Food and Spirits LLC. (#, 235 North Mosby Ave., Littleton, NC 27850 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2044 Hernando Beach Motel LLC,The Purple Cow House o APancake AInc. (#, 4291 Shoal Line Blvd., Hernando Beach, FL 34607 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2043 Cabrera's Auto Services LLC (#, 2206 N Central Ave, Chicago, IL 60639 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2043 JJB Production LLC (#, 458 N 7th St., Newark, NJ 07107 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2028 Albert M. Quashie, DDS, PC (#, 3331 Toledo Ter. Ste. 308, Hyattsville, MD 20782 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2043 Extreme Granite Corp (#, 251 NW 1st St., Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Level Up Gaming, Inc (#, 1132 Creighton Rd., Pensacola, FL 32504 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2043 True Love Christian Academy LLC (#, 466 E Raines Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Sky Wonder Pyrotechnics, LLC dba Sky Wonder Fire and Safety Gear Up (#, 3626 CR 203, Liverpool, TX 77577 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2043 Thames Aquatic Club, LLC (#, 14 Iron St., Ledyard, CT 06339 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2029 
 F-132 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

M.A.W. Enterprises LLC dbaY-Not Pizza (#, 45 E Main St., New Palestine, IN 46163 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 BEK Holdings LLC, Veseli Fine Art Galleries, LLC, Trusted.com LLC (#, 12930 Worldgate Dr., Herndon, VA 20170 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 On Call Electrical of Georgia LLC (#, 2120 Plaster Bridge Rd NE, Atlanta, GA 30324 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2043 Commonwealth Warehouse Inc (#, 11013 Kenwood Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45242 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 K A Automotive Inc (#, 2070 Nooseneck Hill Rd, Coventry, RI 02816 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2043 High Desert Transport, Inc. (#, 2973 Via Meridiana, Henderson, NV 89012 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2028 Cali Fit Meals (#, 3450 East Orangethrope Ave., Anaheim, CA 92806 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2028 Cocomo Joe's LLC (#, 3949 New Rd., Youngstown, OH 44515 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2028 Saunders Management LLC dba Northern Light Espresso Bar and Cafe (#, 536 Spruce St, Scranton, PA 18503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2028 Schafer Fisheries Inc. (#, 21985 Waller Rd, Fulton, IL 61252 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2028 US Dedicated LLC (#, 13410 SE 26th Cir., Vancouver, WA 98683 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2028 Salon Femi LLC (#, 1107 Broad St., Bloomfield, NJ 07003 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2028 McNeill Stokes (#, 5372 Whitehall Pl SE, Mableton, GA 30126 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2028 Vancole Investments, Inc. dba Smoothie King #913 (#, 876 Virginia Ave., Hapeville, GA 30354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/7/2044 Peter Thomas Roth Labs LLC and June Jacobs Labs, LLC (#, 400 Park Ave., Floor 14, New York, NY 10022 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2028 Modutech Marine Inc (#, 2218 Marine View Dr., Tacoma, WA 98422 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2028 Steele Security, LLC dba Signal 88 Security of San Antonio (#, 11230 West Ave., Ste. 2210, San Antonio, TX 78213 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2028 Abington Caregivers, LLC (#, 7804 Montgomery Ave Unit 3-6, Elkins Park, PA 19027 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2043 UK, LLC dba Pita Pit (#, 20038 West Valley HWY, Kent, WA 98032 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2029 C.A.T.I. Armor, LLC (#, 435 Packard Hwy, Charlotte, MI 48813 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2043 Organic Juice Bar Wexford LLC dba The OJB "The Organic Juice Bar" (#, 1500 Village Run Rd., Wexford, PA 15090 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2029 
 F-133 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Ohio Gold Pawn LLC, Our New Building LLC and Corey Fischer (#, 3970 Everhard Rd., NW, Canton, OH 44709 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2028 The Face Place, LLC dba Classic Aesthetics (#, 4268 Cahaba Heights CT Ste. 115, Vestavia, AL 35243 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2028 Bellas Sports Pub, Inc dba Brewmasters Tavern (#, 1152 Main St., Coventry, RI 02816 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2043 Shovels and Whiskey LLC (#, 446 SE Washington St, Hillsboro, OR 97123 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2043 Cater To You Agency, LLC, dba Cater To You (#, 1319 Sherrick Rd. SE, Canton, OH 44707 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2043 MB Click It Photography, LLC (#, 100 Manchester Ranch Pl., Aynor, SC 29511 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2043 Apps Inc and Market Share Inc. (#, 80 Main St., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2028 Moore Care LLC (#, 8550 United Plz. Blvd., Baton Rouge, LA 79809 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/4/2028 Throop Family Holdings, Inc (#, 7130 Crater Lake, White City, OR 97603 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2043 La Venezia Corporation dba La Venezia Ballroom Robertos Lounge (#, 4646 SE 11th Pl., Cape Coral, FL 33904 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2043 A-1 Van Sevices, Inc. (#, 154 Sandy Creek Rd., Verona, PA 15147 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 SwabCo Inc. (#, 2341 East Ellis St., Leveland, TX 79336 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2043 Burd Brothers Inc. (#, 4005 Borman Dr., Batavia, OH 45103 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 Rami Technology USA, LLC (#, 10400 NW 33rd St., Miami, FL 33172 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 Quality Electric Data (#, 85 Franklin Rd Unit 9B, Dover, NJ 07801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 LG Law Center, Inc (#, 15452 Amar Rd., La Puente, CA 91744 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Quality Electric Data Inc. (#, 85 Franklin RD Unit 9B, Dover, NJ 07801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2043 TFR Transit Inc, The Free Ride Inc, South Florida Free Ride Inc. (#, 777 South Flagler Dr. Ste. 800W, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Dentistry By Design, P.C (#, 315 Walt Whitman Rd. Ste. 204-205, South Huntington, NY 11746 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2028 LTS School, Inc. (#, 3731 NW 9th Ave., Deerfield Beach, FL 33064 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2043 Above and Beyond Preschool LLC (#, 672-678 Camellia Dr., Royal Palm Beach, FL 33411 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2043 
 F-134 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Bhatti LLC, Bhatti 3 LLC, dba Auntie Annes (#, 7219 Silver Mist Ave, North Chesterfield, VA 23237 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2028 Phillip Ramos Upholstery Inc. (#, 3835 Elm St., Denver, CO 80207 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2028 Southern Services and Equipment, Inc (#, 321 Bayou Rd, Saint Bernard, LA 70085 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2028 Southern Services and Equipment, Inc. (#, 321 Bayou Rd, Saint Bernard, LA 70085 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2043 MillClem Corporation Monticello Corporation (#, 16660 Oak St., Dillwyn, VA 22936 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2043 DC Lofty, LLC, (#, 301 I St. NW, Washington, DC 20001 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2028 Watearth Inc (#, 445 South Figuerora Ste. 3128, Los Angeles, CA 90071 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2028 Dash Point Distributing LLC, Dash Point Logistics LLC and Sara Consal (#, 35000 Pacific Hwy., Federal Way, WA 98003 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2028 Super Station Inc (#, 8855 N Country Rd. 25A, Pique, OH 45356 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2043 M P RV LLC dba M P RV (#, 10 Century Ln., Dillsburg, PA 17019 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2043 E G Enterprises LLC dba Comfort Keepers (#, 220 Middle St., Franklin, VA 23851 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2028 DB Talak LLC (#, 2018 SE 6th Ave., Portland, OR 97214 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2043 Pastel de Feira LLC dba Original Pastel De Feira (#, 4244 Pine Ridge CT, Weston, FL 33331 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2028 Glendale Grill Inc, Roddy Cameron, Jr John K Symasko (#, 65 Glendale St., Easthampton, MA 01027 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2043 Culmination Motorsports, Inc. (#, 160 W 91st Ave., Unit B, Anchorage, AK 99515 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2043 L M Equipment, Inc (#, Mile 2.5 Alaska Peninsula Hwy., Naknek, AK 99633 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2043 J C Garcia LLC (#, 26 Broad St., Alexander City, AL 35010 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 Innovim LLC (#, 6401 Golden Triangle Dr. Ste. 200, Greenbelt, MD 20770 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 QBS, LLC dba Sterling Optical Exton (#, 211 W Lincoln Hwy, Exton, PA 19341 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 Baby's on Broadway LLC (#, 47 East Broadway, Little Falls, MN 56345 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 Underground Productions LLC dba 31 Escape (#, 1731 Decatur Hwy, Fultandale, AL 35068 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2043 
 F-135 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Innovative Network Solutions Inc (#, 31567 West 10 Mile Rd., Farmington Hills, MI 48336 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2028 Rancho Paving, Inc (#, 339 Cypress Ln., El Cajon, CA 92020 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2028 Pool Guard of LA (#, 10866 Washington Blvd, Apt. #24, Culver City, CA 90232 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2028 Pelican Executives Suites, LLC (#, 2200 Colorado Ave. Sutie 131, Santa Monica, CA 90404 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2028 MurlinComputerCompany LLC dba Murlin Computer (#, 1014 Thompson Blvd Ste. 38B, Sedalia, MO 65301 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2028 Asheville Spine and Nerve Institute PC (#, 190 Broadway St Ste 205, Asheville, NC 28801 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2043 Living Centers Inc. dba Veranda House Senior Living (#, 5129 E 5th St, Katy, TX 77493 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2043 XL Soccer World Orlando. LLC, XL Soccer World Saco LLC, XL Sports World (#, 825 Ct.land St., Orlando, FL 32804 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2043 Extreme Engineering, Inc. (#, 598 Oliver Dr, Troy, MI 48084 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2028 ARVAmethod LLC (#, 516 N Ogden Ave. # 150, Chicago, IL 60642 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2028 Greenfield Hill Wines Spirits, LLC (#, 65 Hillside Rd., Fairfield, CT 06824 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2028 Kotyark LLC dba Gibsonton Motel (#, 11545 US Hwy. 41S, Gibsonton, FL 33534 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2043 Graphish Studio, Inc. (#, 231 Main St., Stamford, CT 06901 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2028 Atlas Geo-Constructors LLC (#, 3466 Thomasville Rd. Winston, Winston-Salem, NC 27107 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Wearware Inc dba FlyWire Cameras (#, 2204 Blackmoor Park Ln., Lexington, KY 40509 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Montana Life Group, LLC (#, 423 W. Spring Creek Dr., Bozeman, MT 59715 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Finn Emma LLC (#, 1275 Bloomfield Ave. Building 5 Unit 28B, Fairfield, NJ 07004 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Zash LLC dba Papa Murphy's take 'N' Bake Pizza (#, 2303 White Bear Ave, Maplewood, MN 55025 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2028 Buffalo Biodiesel Inc. (#, 225 Sawyer Ave., Tonawanda, NY 14150 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2028 GeoTek Alaska, Inc (#, 2756 Commercial Dr., Anchorage, AK 99501 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2044 ATI Jet, Inc. (#, 7007 Boeing Dr., El Paso, TX 79925 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2028 
 F-136 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Lewins Law, P.C. (#, 7920 Belt Line Rd Ste. 650, Dallas, TX 75254 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2028 GS Bath Inc (#, 5335 E Kaviland Ave., Fresno, CA 93725 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2028 Pamletics LLC dba F45 (#, 22015 IH 10 West, San Antonio, TX 78257 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2028 David D. Sullivan dba DMS Construction (#, 6400 Charwood Pl., Bakersfield, CA 93306 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 8/9/2028 Crystal Shores Inc. dba Shorewood Laundromat (#, 700 West Jefferson St., Shorewood, IL 60404 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2028 Palanuk Associates, Inc.dba Wolfpk (#, 28110 SE Fern Dr., Boring, OR 97009 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2028 CJNR, LLC (#, 208 East Main St., Elma, WA 98541 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2043 Mercedes Cab Company, Inc (#, 35 Alden St., Province Town, MA 02657 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2028 Alma Jacobsen,ODD Family Eye Care Contact Lens LLC (#, 1700 Nottingham Way Ste 12A, Hamilton, NJ 08619 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2028 20th Century Lanes, Inc dba West Seattle Bowl (#, 4505 39 Ave. SW, Seattle, WA 98116 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2028 Ron's Pool and Spa Services LLC (#, 1419 NE 30th St., Pompano, FL 33064 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2028 Millwork Unlimited, Incorporated (#, 8264 Pine Cay Rd., Wellington, FL 33414 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2028 Accel Compression Inc., Accel Workover Services Inc. dba Mica Tool (#, 4500 S. Country Rd. 1310, Odessa, TX 79765 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2028 Accel Compression Inc., Accel Workover Services, Inc (#, 4500 S Country Rd., Odessa, TX 79765 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2043 Samy Optical LLC dba Site for Sore Eyes (#, 1350 Travis Blvd Ste. 1507A, Fairfield, CA 94533 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2028 CSL Services Inc (#, 7905 Browning Rd, Ste.312,314,316, Pennsauken, NJ 08109 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2028 Nunez Enterprises Corporation dba La Casa (#, 3330 Piedmont Rd. NE, Atlanta, GA 30305 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2028 Relevant Elephant ,LLC (#, ON320 Woodvale St, Winfield, IL 60190 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2028 TR Nails, LLC dba Simple Nails (#, 158 Great Rd., Bedford, MA 01730 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2028 674 Club LLC (#, 674 N Orleans, Chicago, IL 60654 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2043 ZA Trucking LLC (#, 5945 York Way, East Lansing, MI 48823 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2028 
 F-137 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Mother's Cantina LLC dba Mother's Cantina (#, 2810 Philadephia Ave. Unit #10, Ocean City, MD 21842 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2028 HQTRONICS LLC (#, 10135 South Roberts Rd Ste. 209, Palos Hills, IL 60465 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2028 Smart-tel Communications LLC (#, 9720 W. Colfax Ave. Ste. 100, Lakewood, CO 80215 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2028 Vital Inspection Professionals, Inc. dba VIP (#, 180 Airpark Industrial Rd, Alabaster, AL 35007 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/3/2028 US Cargo Express, LLC (#, 4735 22 Mile Rd., Utica, MI 48317 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2043 Bio-Haz Solutions, Inc. (#, 23 Tonoli Rd., Nesquehoning, PA 18240 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2044 Bio-Haz Solutions, Inc (#, 23 Tonolli Rd., Nesquehoning, PA 18240 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Critter Cabana, LLC dba Critter Cabana (#, 516 East Main St., Newberg, OR 97132 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2028 Corptek Solutions LLC (#, 2363 N. Hwy. # 287 Ste # 111, Mansfield, TX 76063 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2028 Nick's Country Kitchen, LLC (#, 3 Flanders RD, Building #1, Bethlehem, CT 06751 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2028 National Dredging Services of North Florida, Inc. (#, 1537 Northwest Main Blvd., Lake City, FL 32055 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2043 National Dredging Services of North Florida, Inc. (#, 1537 Northwest Main Blvd., Lake City, FL 32055 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2028 Bengals, Inc. dba Royal Liquor Mart (#, 3714 E State St., Rockford, IL 61108 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2043 Peter Thomas Roth Labs LLC, June Jacobs Labs, LLC, (#, 400 Park Ave., Floor 14, New York, NY 10022 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2028 DPF Filters Inc. (#, 2832 Golden State Blvd., Madera, CA 93637 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2028 Martha Beauty Supply And Braiding, Inc. (#, 538 E Boughton Rd., Bolingbrook, IL 60440 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2043 The Desert House Assisted Living ,LLC dba The Desert House Assisted (#, 11055 E Grove St, Mesa, AZ 85208 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2043 York Woods Tree Service, LLC dba York Woods Tree and Products, LLC (#, 300 Harold Dow Hwy., Eliot, ME 03903 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2028 York Woods Tree Service, LLC dba York Woods Tree and Products, LLC (#, 300 Harold Dow Hwy., Elliot, ME 03903 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2043 Colovic Hackettstown Dairy LLC (#, 22 Rte. 57, Hackettstown, NJ 07840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2043 Mid America Motorworks, Inc and Yager Holdings L.P (#, 2900 North 3rd St., Effingham, IL 62401 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2043 
 F-138 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Jones Roger Sherman Inn, Inc. (#, 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2028 Schumacker Recreation, LLC (#, 5325 S University Dr., Davie, FL 33328 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2028 Allen Theatre and Back Stage Cafe LLC (#, 36 East. Main St., Annville, PA 17003 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2043 Oil Palace Inc. (#, 10408 Hwy. 64 East, Tyler, TX 75707 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2043 Dianne Williams and Louis Williams dba Sweetlips Store (#, 3870 Sweet Lips Rd, Henderson, TN 38340 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2043 Venzix Ventures Inc. dba Venzix (#, 750 Legend Oak Dr., Fountain, CO 80817 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2028 Softrol Systems Inc dba Softrol Systems (#, 1100 Northpoint Pkwy SE, Acworth, GA 30102 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2028 Tele Tax Express Inc (#, 166 Getty Ave, Paterson, NJ 07503 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2028 E J Sims Co. LLC (#, 28 Broad St., Bloomfield, NJ 07003 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2028 Team Sandy Blanton Realty, Inc (#, 1225 West Gregory St, Pensacola, FL 32502 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2043 Mastiff Studios LLC (#, 2919 West Colorado Ave., Colorado Springs, CO 80904 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/13/2043 Beyond Grooming LLC and Michelle McWatters (#, 1200 Old Martindale Rd, San Marcos, TX 78666 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2043 Icebox Cafe, L.C. and Icebox Cafe at Doral,LLC (#, 1855 Purdy Ave., Miami Beach, FL 33139 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2028 Camp K-9 Pet Resort Spa, Inc. (#, 18501 Le Claire Ave., Tinley Park, IL 60478 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2028 Anurag, LLC dba Oakwood Package Store (#, 191-195 Oakwood Ave., West Hartford, CT 06107 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Fixed 6/6/2043 Hardway Inc and A F C Leasing, Inc (#, 12533 S. 73rd East Pl., Bixby, OK 74008 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2028 Sowells Consulting Engineers, LLC (#, 13430 Northwest Freeway #260, Houston, TX 77040 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2028 Funtime ,LLC dba Indoor Playgrounds International (#, 13200 West Foxfire Dr. Ste. 144, Surprise, AZ 85378 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2028 Mastrocinque Restaurant Management Company LLC dba Santionii's (#, 3535 Hwy. 17 Unit 14 15, Fleming Island, FL 32003 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2028 Awan Business Management Group LLC, Awan Sign Company lLLC Awan (#, 14429 South Wallin Dr., Plainfield, IL 60544 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2043 Crowley Ventures, LLC (#, 665 Worthington Rd, Westerville, OH 43082 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2028 
 F-139 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Broadalbin Properties LLC dba Broadalbin Hotel 1854 Pub Eatery (#, 59 West Main St, Broadalbin, NY 12025 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2043 Ocean Breeze Holdings, LLC, Ocean Beach Resort LLC Ocean Breeze (#, 3 Williams Ave., Mystic, CT 06355 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2043 Starship, LLC dba Tint World Smyrna (#, 2274 S Atlanta Rd. SE, Smyrna, GA 30080 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2043 Dream Spa LLC and Dream Spa Greenwich LLC (#, 1220 Post Rd. East, Westport, CT 06880 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2028 DMA Equipment LLC (#, 700 Lee St., Elk Grove Village, IL 60007 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2043 Chem-Flotronics, Inc. (#, 195 Paterson Ave., Little Falls, NJ 07424 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2028 Clore Construction LLC (#, 21220 FM 1420, Harlingen, TX 78550 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2028 Joshua One Limited Liability Company dba Genesis Personal Fitness (#, 28 North State St. Unit 100, Newtown, PA 18940 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2043 Fireplace Outlet Inc (#, 8216 Main St., Williamsville, NY 14221 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/15/2028 Circle and Square, Inc dba Stamford Kumon (#, 50 Forest St. Ste. 902, Stamford, CT 06901 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2028 Daniel Woodward, DC PLLC dba Doc's Body Shop (#, 3084 N Goliad St., Ste. 114, Rockwall, TX 75087 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2028 Baby Gentry's Childcare Learning Academy (#, 4203 Shenandoah Dr., Dayton, OH 45417 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2028 Buy Gitomer Inc., Gitgo LLC.,GitGo Archives, LLC, and Jeffrey Gitomer (#, 310 Arlington Ave. Unit 329, Charlotte, NC 28203 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2043 Container Shipping, LLC (#, 533 Nova Rd Ste. 213B, Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2028 Wilbur Standford Jr Trucking and Excavating, LLC (#, 7505 North Chases Lake Rd., Watson, NY 13343 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2028 Olmsted LLC and 626 Van LLC dba Maison Yaki (#, 659 Vanderbilt Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11238 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2029 Corona Dance, LLC dba Huracan Dance Studio (#, 480 West Main St., Stamford, CT 06902 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2028 Saltamontes Tire Company, LLC (#, 1955 Boston Ave., Brodgeport, CT 06604 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2043 Metropolitan Solutions Inc. (#, 1420 Chestnut St., Portsmouth, VA 23704 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2043 Brenden Kehren Development LLC (#, 14689 Gemara Rd., Sparta, WI 54656 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2028 Kastoria Inc. dba Bantam Pizza (#, 768 Bantam Rd., Bantam, CT 06750 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2028 
 F-140 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Rory James Contracting LLC (#, 33 Bennett Pl., Amityville, NY 11701 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2028 Little Angels Daycare and Learning Center LLC (#, 4551 Summit Blvd., West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2043 K S Hardware LLC (#, 1865 W Wayzata Blvd, Long Lake, MN 55356 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 Pledge 4 Hope LLC (#, 53 Bayberry Loop South, Purvis, MS 39475 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 LMH Optics LLC dba Sterling Optical (#, 1272 Smallwood Dr West, Waldorf, MD 20603 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 Joe Sons Service, Inc (#, 855 Atwood Ave, Cranston, RI 02920 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/24/2028 Spitnale's Garage LLC (#, 3761 Mahoning Ave, Youngstown, OH 44515 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2043 A New Dawn Psychotherapy Associates, LLC (#, 308 E Broad St, Bethlehem, PA 18018 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2043 Rosemarie Products Company LLC (#, 5400 Crooked Tree Dr., Mason, OH 45040 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2028 Southern HVAC LLC (#, 119 Ouachita 212, Camden, AR 71701 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2028 Southern HVAC LLC (#, 119 Ouachita 212, Camden, AZ 71701 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2043 Southern Oaks Athletic Club, LLC (#, 15253 Shenandoah Ave., BATON ROUGE, LA 70817 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2043 Patricia A. Freeman Samuel C. Freeman dba Teenas Pizza (#, 35 E Main St., Pekin, IN 47165 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/13/2043 Precision Components Group Inc (#, 190 Doty Cir., West Springfield, MA 01089 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/11/2028 Sexy Nails Center LLC (#, 57 Passaic St., Garfield, NJ 07026 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/10/2043 Mark Baker (#, 1653 Evalie Dr, Fairfield, OH 45014 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2028 Newsome Mobile Notary LLC (#, 8153 12th Ave SW, Seattle, WA 98106 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2028 Shree Lakshminarayyn Grocery Stores LLC (#, 3307 Charles St., Rockford, IL 61108 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2043 Payne's Environmental Services LLC (#, 5617 Causeway Blvd, Tampa, FL 33619 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Michael S Brown Physical Therapy, P.C (#, 300 Hempstead Tpke Ste. 3 4, Hempstead, NY 11552 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Fifth Wheel Truck Stop 001 (#, 3767 S Golden State Blvd., Fresno, CA 93725 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 Romancing the Stone (#, 140 Centre of New England Blvd, Coventry, RI 02816 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 
 F-141 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Alaska Industrial Paint LLC (#, 1301 N Post Rd, Anchorage, AK 99501 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Alaska Industrial Paint LLC (#, 1301 N Post Rd, Anchorage, AK 99501 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 GQ Investments,LLC (#, 5772 Miami Lakes Dr. East, Miami, FL 33014 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Kaz Wellness, LLC dba Grounded Wellness Center (#, 104 Clover Ct., Bartlett, IL 60103 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2028 Cartwright Termite Pest Control Inc. and Cartwright Termite Pest Co (#, 1376 Broadway, El Cajon, CA 92021 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2028 Lou Choo Enterprises Inc. (#, 2101 West Hunting Park Ave., Philadelphia, PA 19140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2044 Clancy 15 LLC and Allied Molded Products LLC (#, 1145 13th Ave. East, Palmetto, FL 34221 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2028 Montage Mountain Resorts, LP (#, 1000 Montage Mountain Rd, Scranton, PA 18505 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2043 Corning Lumber Company Inc Frank R Close Son Inc dba True Valley (#, 111 E. Laurel St., Willows, CA 95988 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2028 Clancy 15 LLC and Allied Molded Products LLC (#, 1145 13th Ave. East, Palmetto, FL 34221 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2043 K.C. Communications, Inc. (#, 2715 Saturn St., Brea, CA 92821 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2028 Sofasco, Inc (#, 182 Garber Ln., Winchester, VA 22602 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2043 Cable Management, LLC (#, 200 Pratt St., Meriden, CT 06450 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Aque Investment Group LLC (#, 3838 N. Sam Houston Pkwy. E, Houston, TX 77032 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Kajun Martial Arts LLC (#, 36546 Mission St., Prairieville, LA 70769 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 New York Label Box Corp (#, 50 Oval Dr., Islandia, NY 11749 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2043 All Regional Recyclers of Wood LLC dba ARROW (#, 104 Wooster St., Bethal, CT 06801 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Denton BioFuels LLC and Amercian BioSource, LLC (#, 624 W. University Dr. #359, Denton, TX 76201 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Shweiki Media Inc dba Study Breaks Magazine (#, 4954 Space Center Dr., San Antonio, TX 78218 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 GeoTek Alaska, Inc (#, 2756 Commercial Dr., Anchorage, AK 99501 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2043 Rexco Foods LLC dba Papa John's (#, 18640 Fm 1488 Ste. C, Magnolia, TX 77354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2028 
 F-142 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

RTSP Union LLC (#, 2438 Rte. 22 East, Union, NJ 07083 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2028 Cest Chic Concepts, LLC dba Salon Cest Chic (#, 15231 Hall Station Rd. Unit 104, Bowie, MD 20721 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2028 Camerabots Media, LLC (#, 3081 Bridgeton Ct., Woodbridge, VA 22192 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2028 Petroleum Equipment Services, Inc (#, 5631 Silverado Way Unit G, Anchorage, AK 99518 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2028 Rojenco II,Inc. (#, 4357 Shore Dr., Virginia Beach, VA 23455 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2043 Rojenco, Inc. dba Buggy Bathe Auto Wash Lube Detail Shoppe (#, 2217 Richmond Rd., Williamsburg, VA 23188 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2043 Rojenco, Inc. dba The Buggy Bathe Auto Wash Lube Detail Shoppe (#, 2217 Richmond Rd., Williamsburg, VA 23188 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2043 Rojenco II, Inc. (#, 4357 Shore Dr., Virginia Beach, VA 23455 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2043 Dante Ultimate Cleaning Service LLC (#, 16969 River Park Dr, Covington, LA 70345 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2028 SRG Waterfront LLC (#, 88 District Square SW, Washington, DC 20005 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2028 Unpainted Arizona, LLC dba Westside Bowl (#, 2617 Mahoning Ave, Youngstown, OH 44509 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2043 BC Bishop Enterprises LLC dba 9Round Pooler (#, 105-107 Grand Central Blvd, Pooler, GA 31322 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2028 The Law Offices of Samuel R Miller LLC (#, 7405 Lake Worth Rd., Lake Worth, FL 33467 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2043 Connie Engelbrecht (#, 20640 Raven Dr., Eagle River, AK 99577 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2028 Urban Fitness Group LLC dba Crunch Fitness Group LLC (#, 2800 S IH-35, Ste. 220, Round Rock, TX 78681 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2028 Merciful Heavenly Homes, LLC (#, 401 Dillar's Mill Rd., Tyner, NC 27980 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Fixed 2/28/2043 Betty's Catering Corp, Betty's Decoration Wedding Center Inc. (#, 94-33 Corona Ave, Elmhust, NY 11373 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2043 Jackpine Technologies Corporation (#, 1 Mill Main Pl., Ste. 330, Maynard, MA 01754 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2028 Crossfit iQ LLC (#, 342 Pike Rd. Ste. 27, West Palm Beach, FL 33411 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2028 
 F-143 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Town Country Transportation Co. (#, 191-193 Arch St., New Britain, CT 06051 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2028 JumboMarkets, Inc. (#, 15500 SW Trail Dr., Indiantown, FL 34956 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2028 Margab Inc dba Smoothie King (#, 14200 SW 8th St Unit #102, Miami, FL 33184 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2028 Tony Herring Associates, Inc. (#, 211 West Camellia Dr., Slidell, LA 70458 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2028 Apps Inc., Market Share, and Singular Leaseholdings LLC (#, 80 Main St., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2028 Macrotech Integrated Management Solutions dba Extreme Lawn Care (#, 2425 Durrance LN, Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2028 Midlothian Hardware Inc dba Grills True Value (#, 4751 West 147th St., Midlothian, IL 60445 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 2/2/2028 Rocco's Landscaping LLC (#, 151 Kitts Ln., Newington, CT 06111 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2043 USA General Investment LLC dba Braniff Paint and Body Shop (#, 2290 NW 21st Ter., Miami, FL 33142 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2028 WydeBodi, LLC dba Wyde Bodi Auto Tags (#, 706 North 37th St., Philadelphia, PA 19104 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2043 New Phaze Packaging Inc (#, 9533 Irondale Ave., Los Angeles, CA 91311 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2043 Concrete Services LLC and James Ward (#, 24 County Rd. 901, Jemison, AL 35085 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/25/2028 Flair Interiors, Inc dba Giant Don's Flooring America (#, 7725 Old Seward Hwy., Anchorage, AK 99518 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/24/2028 Weeping Willow Kennels, Inc. (#, 6041 Hammond School Rd., Salisbury,, MD 21804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2028 Lavish Specs Inc (#, 262 Glen St., Glen Cove, NY 11542 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2028 MedWorxs Inc. (#, 6857 Timbers Dr., Evergreen, CO 80439 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2028 Lou Choo Enterprises Inc dba Lou Choo Lounge (#, 2101,2103 2105 West Hunting Park Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2043 
 F-144 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Work of Heart Inc dba Little Nest Portraits (#) 1000 Merdian Blvd., Ste. 112, Franklin, TN 37067 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 1/10/2028 Crad Holding LLC dba Neighborhood Laundry of Bloomfield (#, 60 Dodd St., Bloomfield, NJ 07003 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2028 Sandfree Systems LLC (#, 116 Cricket Ave. Ste. B, Ardmore, PA 19003 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2028 Social Link LLC (#, 41Peabody St., Nashville, TN 37210 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2027 Farec, Inc (#) 30250 W Nine Mile Rd., Farmington, MI 48336 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 12/29/2042 Muckamuck Trucks, Inc. (#, 510 S Spring St., Ukiah, CA 95482 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 O'Rourke's Diner, LLC (#, 728 Main St., Middleton, CT 06457 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Landmark Ventures USA Inc (#, 475 Park Ave. South 25th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Salida Family Chiropractic-PPLC dba Salida Sport and Spine (#, 203 G St., Salida, CO 81201 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Blue Lagoon Resort, LLC dba Hill View Cottages (#, 3670 Lake Shore Dr., Lake George, NY 12845 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2042 DHD Enterprise LLC dba Edible Arrangements #1699 (#, 828 Washington Ave., Miami Beach, FL 33139 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2027 CT Auto Spa LLC (#, 39 Albany Turnpike, West Simsbury, CT 06092 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2027 DBMS Consulting, Inc. (#, 164 West 83rd St.- Units 1F/1P, New York, NY 10024 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2027 Auto Excellance of Fort Myers Inc. (#, 3105 Fowler St., Fort Myers, FL 33901 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2042 Legion Bowl, Inc Legion Pub Inc (#, 661 Park St., Cranston, RI 02910 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2042 Peanut Butter Co., Inc (#, 119 West 57th St., Ste. 300, New York, NY 10019 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 AADJ Empire Inc and AADJ Galaxy Inc. (#, 1599 Post Rd., Warwick, RI 02888 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2042 Heung Kyun Im (#, 6235 Conlan Bay Dr., Houston, TX 77041 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 KR Calvert Co, LLC (#, 1620 Westgate Cir. Ste. 100, Brentwood, TN 37027 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/14/2027 Atlas Geo-Constructors, LLC (#, 3466 Thomasville Rd., Winston Salem, NC 27107 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 Nichols Fire and Security LLC (#, 1906 Vanderhorn Dr., Memphis, TN 38134 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2042 
 F-145 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Hardway Inc AFC Leasing Inc (#, 12533 S. 73rd E. Pl., Bixby, OK 74008 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2027 LPB LPB Property Management Inc dba Wilderness View Cabins Ellijay (#, 498 Wilderness View, Chatsworth, GA 30705 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2042 A-1 Van Services Inc (#, 154 Sandy Creek Rd., Verona, PA 15147 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 Big Picture Group LLC (#, 935 N La Jolla, Los Angeles, CA 90046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 Jai Ganeshai LLC, Mahiveera 1 LLC, Mahiveera 2 LLC KSVP LLC (#, 1120 Wren School Rd., Piedmont, SC 29673 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 Clore Construction LLC (#, 21220 FM 1420, Harlingen, TX 78550 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 AV Strategy Inc (#, 9468 American Eagle Way Ste. 100, Orlando, FL 32837 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2027 Clear Sound Communications, Inc (#, 680 Old Medford Ave, Medford, NY 11763 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2027 ODS Inc (#, 626 N Delsea Dr., Glassboro, NJ 08028 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2027 Oil Palace, Inc. (#, 10408 Hwy. 64 East, Tyler, TX 75707 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2042 Healthcare Interventions, Inc dba Brightstar Healthcare (#, 5300 W. Atlantic Ave. Ste. 501, Delray Beach, FL 33484 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2027 Salud Bar Grill LLC (#, 1413 Bushwick Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2027 Linda Jean Howard Riley dba The Rusty Bolt (#, 22345 W. Rt 66, Seligman, AZ 86337 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2042 Square1 Partners, LLC (#, 1088 Greenbriar Ln., Northbrook, IL 60062 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2027 WTI Distribution Inc (#, 5491 E Francis St, Ontario, CA 91761 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2027 Our Playhouse Preschool, LLC (#, 3501 NC Hwy. 54 W, Chapel hill, NC 27516 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2042 OPH Lexington, Inc (#, 235 Walton Ave., Lexington, KY 40502 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2042 Beacon Brewing LLC and C' Sons, LLC (#, 700 Lincoln St., Lagrange, GA 30204 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2042 JMD Corporation dba Dart's True Value (#, 121 South Main St., Payette, ID 83661 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2027 Webtez Inc dba Mod Vans (#, 920 Graves Ave, Oxnard, CA 93003 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2027 
 F-146 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Step Up Academy of the Arts, LLC (#, 2258A Wigwam Pkwy., Henderson, NV 89074 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2027 Grumpy's Restaurant Company, LLC (#, 834 Kingsley Ave, Orange Park, FL 32073 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2027 Cali Fit Meals (#, 3450 East Orangethrope Ave., Anaheim, CA 92806 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2027 PB Market LLC dba Pure Barre (#, 164-C Market St, Charleston, SC 29401 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2027 B Lam LLC (#, 9419 Kenwood Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45242 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2042 Maya Motel, LLC dba Town House Motel (#, 1701 Washington Ave, Waco, TX 76701 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2042 Southern Specialty Contractor, LLC Ronald David Holbrook Jr. (#, 1990 Flippen Rd., Stockbridge, GA 30281 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2027 H H Hotshot Services, Inc. (#, 5455 N. 51st Ave. Ste. 30, Glendale, AZ 85301 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2027 Auto Rx LLC,J P Auto Repair Inc (#, 91 95 Woodbury Rd., Hicksville, NY 11801 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2042 J R Wholesale Tires Auto Center, LLC (#, 822 Cameron Ln., Lugoff, SC 29078 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2042 Marcaco LLC (#, 124 Lincoln Ave., Colonie, NY 12205 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2042 Paramount Dance Studios Inc. and Homestead Dance Supply (#, 112 N Krome Ave., Homestead, FL 33030 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2043 Wing King at the Gardens LLC (#, 4235 South Fort Apache Rd., Ste. 250, Las Vegas, NV 89147 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2027 JNP Delivery Inc (#, 4500 North Providence # 7, Appleton, WI 54913 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Fixed 11/7/2027 His Loving Hands Christian Academy, Inc. (#, 15020 Harrison St., Miami, FL 33176 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/6/2042 Sterling Campbell Insurance Agency, Inc (#, 36359 North Gantzel Rd. Ste. 102, San Tan Valley, AZ 85140 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2027 S S Auto Body Shop Inc. (#, 5001 W. Clay St., Richmond, VA 23230 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2042 Rachael Reel dba Rachel Reel Insurance Age (#, 208 Bank St., Lenoir, TN 37771 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2027 The Five Lakes LLC (#, 13705 Holmes Rd., Kansas City, MO 64154 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2042 Die Hard Used Car Sales (#, 1668 West Grand Ave., Phoenix, AZ 85007 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2042 Sage Oil LLC (#, 8913 Egyptian Ave., Las Vegas, NV 89143 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2027 
 F-147 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Ashore Ventures Inc dba PuroClean Professional Restoration (#, 909 SE Everett Mall Way Ste A-140, Everett, WA 98208 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2027 Schafer Fisheries Inc (#, 21985 Waller Rd., Fulton, IL 61252 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2027 Suzie LLC dba Tony D's Restaurant (#, 92 Huntington St., New London, CT 06320 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2042 Grand Blanc Lanes, Inc. (#, 5301 S. Saginaw Rd., Flint, MI 48507 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2027 The Jig, LLC (#, 3115 Camp Phillips Rd., Wausau, WI 54403 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 10/24/2042 Island Refrigeration AC Inc (#, 3201 Flagler Ave., Unit 510 511, Key West, FL 33040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/18/2042 H and K Dry Cleaning LLC ,Quintero Shopping Center LLC,Aqua Laundry (#, 1227 Burnside Ave., East Hartford, CT 06108 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Fixed 10/17/2042 Blueridge Armor LLC (#, 1495 Hwy. 74-A Bypass, Ste. 150192, Spindale, NC 28160 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2027 Cortez Landscaping, LLC (#, 4 Powder Rd., Norwalk, CT 06854 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2027 On Call Services LLC (#, 15060 281St Ave. NW, Zimmerman, MN 55398 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2027 Threads of Time LLC (#, 207 S Buchanan St., Danville, IL 61832 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2042 Harco Metal Products Inc (#, 7895 East Acoma Dr. Ste. 102, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2042 Dan Cline Transport Inc. (#, 501 State Dr., Mount Vernon, MO 65712 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2030 Nicholson Lumber Co Inc. (#, 377 Main St., Nicholson, PA 18446 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2030 Rhode Island Tennis Management LLC (#, 636 Centerville Rd., Warwick, RI 02886 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2042 Rhode Island Tennis Management LLC (#, 636 Centerville Rd., Warwick, RI 02886 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2042 Pets A Go Go LLC (#, 589 North State Rd., Briarcliff Manor, NY 10510 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2042 Inspirations Food Design, Inc (#, 1338 Memorial Ave., West Springfield, MA 01089 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2042 JPS Arthur Kill Rd Bakery Corp dba Aunt Butches of Brooklyn (#, 4864 Arthur Kill Rd. Units 102,103,104 105, Staten Island, NY 10309 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2027 KB Waterjet Cutting LLC (#, 4330 Parker Ln., Addis, LA 70710 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2027 Sallee Pro-Custom Fabrication Shop LLC (#, 8865 North County Rd. 600 W, Scipio, IN 47273 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2027 
 F-148 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Sound Manufacturing, Inc. Monster Power Equipment, Inc. (#, 51 Donnelley Rd., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Insight Diagnostic Technologist Services (#, 2030 Forest Ave., Ste. 110, San Jose, CA 95128 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Stone's Construction and Remodeling, LLC (#, 5210 Kaylin Dr., Akron, OH 44319 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2027 Li Family Spokane LLC (#, 21 E. Lincoln Rd., Spokane, WA 99208 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2042 Alaska Motor Home Inc (#, 6633 Brayton Dr, Anchorage, AK 99507 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2027 Nails By Mercede LLC (#, 2994 and 2996 Edgewater Dr., Orlando, FL 32804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2027 Rajbai Maa Inc. dba Nara Lounge (#, 244-252 Atwells Ave., Providence, RI 02903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2042 Town Country Transportation Co. and Popco, LLC. (#, 191 Arch St., New Britain, CT 06051 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2042 Health Performance Center, LLC (#, 1862 Craigshire Rd., Saint Louis, MO 63146 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2027 Morgan Lynn Kerstetter dba Catherine School of Dance (#, 315 Mill St. 3rd Floor, Danville, PA 17821 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2027 Foxtail, LLC and Tottly New Services Corp (#, 1481 Highland Ave., Cheshire, CT 06410 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2042 Crazy Beatz Productions LLC (#, 20014 NE 138th St., Kearney, MO 64060 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2027 South Fulton Landscape Nursery, Inc. (#, 3415 Enon Rd., College Park, GA 30349 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2042 Big Coop's Trucking LLC (#, 3066 Misty Creek Dr., Swartz, MI 48473 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/1/2027 Lake County Tow LLC (#, 15409 Country Rd. 565A, Clermont, FL 34711 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2042 Delicias de Minas Restaurant, LLC (#, 168-170 McWhorter St., Newark, NJ 07105 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2027 L V Auto Sales, Inc. (#, 1504 West Franklin Blvd., Gastonia, NC 28052 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2027 Tony Herring Associates, Inc (#, 211 West Camellia Dr., Slidell, LA 70458 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2027 Chester's World Enterprise LLC (#, 140 W Alameda Dr., Ste. 104, Tempe, AZ 85282 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2027 D'Amato Sons Construction, Inc. (#, 117 Oak St., Amityville, NY 11701 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2027 L J Corporate Services Inc (#, 866 NW 110th Ave., Coral Springs, FL 33071 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2027 
 F-149 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Work of Heart Inc dba Little Nest Portraits (#, 1000 Merdian Blvd., Ste. 112, Franklin, TN 37067 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 7/28/2027 Sharon G McMillen, MA Psychologist, Inc. (#, 216 West Main St, Kingwood, WV 26537 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2027 HQTRONIC LLC (#, 10135 S. Roberts Rd., Ste. 209, Palos Hills, IL 60465 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2027 Oberon IT, Inc. (#, 1404 W. Walnut Hill Ln., Irving, TX 75038 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2027 Gilles Peress Studio LLC (#, 76 Lafayette Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11217 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2027 Obok LLC (#, 2720 S. Havana St., Unit H, Aurora, CO 80014 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2027 Lil Tots' Learning Center LLC (#, 3042 S 78th St, Tampa, FL 33619 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2042 Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC(OH) , Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC(FL) (#, 2301 N Marginal Rd., Cleveland, OH 44114 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2027 Wildflour Bakery Cafe, LLC (#, 5137 Clareton Dr., Ste. 100,110 120, Agoura Hills, CA 91301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2027 Koep Companies dba Pipestone True value (#, 207 East Main St., Pipestone, MN 56164 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2042 New Chicago Wholesale Bakery Inc. (#, 795 Touhy Ave., Elk Grove Village, IL 60007 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2027 J. T. O'Neill Company, L.L.C (#, 19972 Willowin Farm Ln., Purcellville, VA 20132 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2027 Best Bees Company (#, 839 Albany St., Boston, MA 02119 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Intellixion LLC (#, 7447 Egan Dr, Ste. 110 A, Savage, MN 55378 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Oakhill Farms, LLC (#, 15 Carl St., Johnston, RI 02919 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2030 Stiegelbauer Associates Inc. (#, 63 Flushing Ave., Unit 101, Building 280, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Old Dominion Transportation Group, Inc. (#, 2510 Hunters Pl., Ste. 202, Woodbridge, VA 22192 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2027 Foxhop Fitness, LLC (#, 4211 NW Federal Hwy., Jensen Beach, FL 34957 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2027 Auxiliary Systems Inc.,Sharrick Company, LLC KMN, LLC (#, 211 East 25th St., Norfolk, VA 23504 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2030 Northern Industries, LLC (#, W 5585 Dehart Dr., Tomahawk, WI 54484 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2042 Scarlet Spartan Inc.dba FastSigns of Brighton (#, 533 W. Grand River Ave., Brighton, MI 48116 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2027 
 F-150 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Don G. Timpton DDS Associates PA and Indsaad Properties,LLC (#, 11535 Carmel Commons Blvd. Ste. 200, Charlotte, NC 28226 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2042 All Regional Recyclers of Wood LLC dba ARROW,Superior Carting,LLC (#, 104 Wooster St., Bethel, CT 06801 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2042 Tele Tax Express Inc., El Rancho Paiso, LLC and Nestor Romero (#, 577 Main Ave. 166 Getty Ave., Paterson, NJ 07055 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2042 ESA 365 Corp and Lucathor Realty LLC (#, 2420 Grand Ave., Baldwin, NY 11520 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2042 SCW, LLC dba Arthur Murray Dance Studio (#, 2383 Old Dixwell Ave., Hamden, CT 06518 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2042 Skydive California, LLC (#, 25001 S Kasson Rd, Tracy, CA 95301 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2027 Speaker City, Inc.and Speaker Town, LLC dba Rollin Thunder (#, 246 East Belt Blvd., Richmond, VA 23224 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2042 Haroon Baig,Inc.dba US1 Petrol (#, 1280-1290 Dixwell Ave., Hamden, CT 06514 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2042 Ricnet III, Inc. dba Edible Arrangements (#, 716 Foxcroft Ave, Martinsburg, WV 25401 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2027 Funtime, LLC and Universal Entertainment Group LLC (#, 13200 W. Foxfire Dr #144, Surprise, AZ 85387 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2027 Sage Oil LLC (#, 8913 Egyptian Ave., Las Vegas, NV 89143 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2027 Swantown Inn Spa LLC (#, 1431 11th Ave. SE, Olympia, WI 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2042 Eagle Wood Works LLC (#, 1448 Horsehead Rd., Lugoff, SC 29078 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2027 Chet Lemon Enterprises LLC dba All American Sports (#, 1544 Ln. Park Cutoff, Tavares, FL 32778 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2042 Beyond Waves A Unique Salon LLC and Lori Ann Carlson (#, 2290 Foxon Rd Rte. 80, North Branford, CT 06471 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2027 Abdul Naushad MD PC dba Advanced Pain Centers (#, 2865 James Blvd., Poplar Bluff, MO 63901 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2042 Locavore LLC dba Paloma Restaurant (#, 401 S. Guadalupe St., Santa Fe, NM 87501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2027 Innovim, LLC (#, 6401 Golden Triangle Dr. Ste. 200, Greenbelt, MD 20770 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2027 Iron Men Home Repair, Inc. and Ironmen House Lifting Inc. (#, 132 North Wellwood Ave, Lindenhurst, NY 11757 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2042 
 F-151 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Hayden Trucking LLC (#, 11540 Eagle Vista Dr., Fort Worth, TX 76179 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2027 Mr. B's Bicycles Mopeds, Inc. (#, 1870 S. 4th Ave., Yuma, AZ 85364 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2042 Bay Car Wash LLC (#, 952 South Commercial St. and West Magnolia, Aransas Pass, TX 78336 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2042 Waterford Plumbing Co, Inc. (#, 2425 W. Cuyler Ave, Chicago, IL 60618 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2027 Computech Computers Inc. (#, 40-24 76th St., Office #2B, Elmhurst, NY 11373 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2027 Arco Electrical Contractors Inc. dba Arco Construction Group (#, 22-24 South Seventh St., Elizabeth, NJ 07202 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2027 5 Stars Learning Center Inc (#, 14 Paine Ave., Irvington, NJ 07111 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2042 BGF Bobby Q's Inc (#, 447 N. Main St., Freeport, NY 11520 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2027 NHS, LLC (#, 212 N Douglas Ave, Ellsworth, KS 67439 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2027 NHS, LLC (#, 212 N Douglas Ave, Ellsworth, KS 67439 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2042 Cable Management LLC (#, 290 Pratt St., Meriden, CT 06450 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2027 Fine Arts Center of Easley, Inc. dba Midtown Music (#, 117 S. Pendleton St., Easley, SC 29640 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/2/2042 Sneads Ferry Foods, Inc. dba DQ Grill Chill (#, 920 Hwy. 210, Sneads Ferry, NC 28460 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2042 JMA Inc. dba Primecut and Mezzo; Primecut at Marquee (#, 393 Charles St., Providence, RI 02904 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2042 Ralph's Hair Salon, Inc. (#, 175 NW 14th St., Homestead, FL 33030 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2042 Condron Brothers LLC DBA Luv 2 Play (#, 4790 La Sierra Ave., Riverside, CA 92505 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/19/2027 Golden Hen Inc. dba Cafe (#, 468 W. Cheltenham Ave., Philadelphia, PA 19126 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2027 Landmark Ventures USA, Inc. (#, 475 Park Ave. South 25th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2027 Bear Trail Lodge LLC (#, Mile 1 Bear Trail Rd., King Salmon, AK 99613 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2042 
 F-152 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

The Altitude Group, LLC and Core Home Security, LLC (#, 949 Clint Moore Rd., Unit 949A, Boca Raton, FL 33487 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2027 Citizens Lanes, LLC (#, 5100 Goodson Connector Rd., Union City, GA 30291 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2042 Schafer Fisheries Inc. (#, 21985 Waller Rd., Fulton, IL 61252 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2042 Sea Smoke Barbeque, Corp and Danwen LLC (#, 20 Island Farm Rd., Oak Bluffs, MA 02557 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2042 Discount Price, LLC dba Robert's Market (#, 2 Hill Rd., Franklin, NH 03235 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2042 H and H Hotshot Services, Inc. dba AA Hotshot Logistics (#, 5455 N 51st St., # 30, Glendale, AZ 85301 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2030 Douglas K. Soderblom .dba Loma Linda Optometry (#, 25815 Barton Rdad, Unit C104, Loma Linda, CA 92354 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2027 New England Country Day School, Inc. and Thomas D. Walker (#, 27 Kenosia Ave., Danbury, CT 06810 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2042 Executive Fitness Nutrition Inc. (#, 8610 Roosevelt Ave. Ste. 2, Jackson Heights, NY 11372 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2027 Denton Bio Fuels LLC and American Bio Source LLC (#, 624 W. University Dr. Ste. 359, TX, TX 76201 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2027 The Purple Cow House of Pancake Inc (#, 6 10 Skowhegan Rd., Fairfield, ME 04937 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2042 Texcor, Inc.dba Texas Corral,Texas Coral Restaurants II, Inc. T.C (#, 5880 US Hwy6, Portage, IN 46368 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2027 1MTX LLC and Sunrise Transportation and Logistics, LLC and Mustafa (#, 6510 North Broadway, Saint Louis, MO 63147 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2027 Elegant Occasions, LLC dba E Productions (#, 3650 Coral Ridge Dr. Units 103-104, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2042 Dwayne Bernard Tate (#, 1238 Woodcliff Ct. SW, Lilburn, GA 30047 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2027 Anthony LLC dba Star of Woodward Market (#, 5730 Woodward Ave, Detroit, MI 48202 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2042 Podium Auto Sales Inc and RRS Property, LLC (#, 246 S. Dixie Hwy., Pompano Beach, FL 33060 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2042 Weeping Willow Kennels, Inc and Aileen N Black (#, 6041 Hammond School Rd., Salisbury, MD 21804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2042 McNally Enterprises Inc. (#, 1010 N. Grove St., Anaheim, CA 92806 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2027 Teracore Inc. (#, 3300 Holcomb Bridge Rd., Ste. 226, Norcross, GA 30092 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2027 
 F-153 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

B J Bicycle Shop Inc. (#, 1620 E. Sample Rd, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2027 TMJ Pizza Mesa LLC dba Rosati's Pizza Restaurant (#, 2235 S. Power Rd Ste. 118, Mesa, AZ 85209 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2027 8 Minute Oil Change Auto Repair Tire Center and Jumir L.L.C. (#, 174-176 Mountain Ave., Springfield, NJ 07081 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2042 DBMS Consulting, Inc. (#, 164 West 83rd St. Units 1F/1P, New York, NY 10024 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2042 Fave Realty Inc. (#, 1875 Grand Ave., Baldwin, NY 11510 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2042 SRC Publishing LLC (#, 8690 Waterford Bend St., Las Vegas, NV 89123 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2027 Jolibe LLC and Jolibe Atelier LLC (#, 357 w 36th #401, New York, NY 10018 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2027 Eickmann Management Group LLC dba Jimmy Johns of Dundee (#, 568 Techumseh St., Dundee, MI 48131 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/17/2027 Fullbro Trust dba Menemsha Blues (#, 2 Basin Rd., Chilmark, MA 02535 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2027 Metropolitan Solutions Group Inc. (#, 1420 Chestnut St., Portsmouth, VA 23704 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2041 Sempco, Inc. (#, 51 -55 Lake St. Unit #2-6, Nashua, NH 03060 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2041 Allied Welding Inc. (#, 1820 N. Santa Fe Ave., Chillicothe, IL 61523 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 12/15/2041 Elita 7, LLC (#, 16 Marble St., Worcester, MA 01603 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2041 New Chicago Wholesale Bakery, Inc. (#, 795 Touhy Ave., Elk Grove Village, IL 60007 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2041 Techni-Pro Institute LLC (#, 414 NW 35th St., Boca Raton, FL 33431 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2026 Trison Enterprises Inc.dba Lee's Automotive (#, 13281 Aurora Ave. N, Seattle, WA 98311 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2041 Wayfarer Bicycle LLC (#, 118-120 Ocean Ave., New London, CT 06320 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2041 Recycling Revolution,LLC (#, 4190 Collins Rd., Unadilla, GA 31091 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2041 Mack Team Enterprises Inc.dba The UPS Store #6815 (#, 38200 Ave. of the States, Fort Gordon, GA 30905 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2026 New Life Hospital LLC (#, 17400 Red Oak Dr., Houston, TX 77090 Hospitals Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2041 
 F-154 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Hanson's Greeks LLC (#, 8132 N. 87th Pl., Ste A, Scottsdale, AZ 85258 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2026 The Lake Shore Hospitality Inc dba Dowagiac Baymont Inn Suites (#) 29291 Amerihost Dr., Dowagiac, MI 49047 Accommodation Term Loan Fixed 12/5/2041 Pebble Wood Lane, LLC and Good Sam's Assisted Living Resiidence,LLC (#) 1 Pebble Wood Ln., Palm Coast, FL 32164 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2041 Quick Ship, LLC (#, 448 W. 19th St, Houston, TX 77008 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2026 Imaginarium Foods LLC, (#, 751 N. Cable Rd., Lima, OH 45805 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2042 Usman Jalil, LLC dba Food Mart (#, 147 N Washington St., Plainville, CT 06062 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2041 Access Staffing, LLC (#, 360 Lexington Ave. 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2026 CRK Mens, LLC dba Spiff for Men (#, 1335 Ave. of the Americas, New York, NY 10019 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2026 Bouquet Restaurant LLC (#, 519 Main St., Covington, KY 41011 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2041 Broms Asset Management LLC (#, 215 East 79th St. Apt 9E, New York, NY 10075 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2026 Skaggs RV Outlet LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr., Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2026 Catherine Christine Morin dba Purr-Fect Pets (#, 1915 North Austin Ave., Georgetown, TX 78626 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2026 Hoosier Health Plus, LLC (#, 520 East 8th St., Anderson, IN 46012 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2026 MIK LLC dba Firehouse Subs (#, 17250 Royalton Rd, Strongsville, OH 44136 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2026 Dyer Properties, LLC and Bayview Pharmacy, Inc. (#, 3844 Post Rd., Warwick, RI 02886 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2041 Fine Line Interiors, Inc. (#, 2530 SW 30th Ave., Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2041 Veracruz Shabo, LLC; Waterfalls Quick Lube LLC (#) 1512 Atwood Ave., Johnston, RI 02919 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2041 Glocecol LLC (#, 10302 NW South River Dr., Bay #18, Miami, FL 33178 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2026 Woodstock Enterprises Corp dba True Scent Candle Co (#, 191 2nd Ave., Warwick, RI 02888 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2041 Moolchan Enterprises LLC dba Staying Green (#, 2650 S.W. 154 Ave., Davie, FL 33331 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2026 Blakeslee Arpaia Chapman Inc and Chapman Construction Services LLC (#, 200 North Branford Rd., Branford, CT 06405 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2026 
 F-155 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Worldwide Estate, Inc. dba Washington Heights Manor (#, 10620 W. Greenwood Ter., Milwaukee, WI 53224 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2041 Speaker City, Inc. dba Rollin Thunder (#, 246 East Belt Blvd., Richmond, VA 23224 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2041 Justin Partlow (#, 100 Independence Pl., Ste. 414, Tyler, TX 75703 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2026 Maine Service Corp (#, 59-22 55th St., Maspeth, NY 11378 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2026 Reliable Recovery Services LLC (#, 2401 West Mcdowell Rd., Phoenix, AZ 85009 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2026 Wyspen Corporation dba Charlestown Ace (#, 5 Austin St., Charlestown, MA 02129 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2026 Ailky Corporation (#, 352 Beford St., Lakeville, MA 02347 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2026 JJA Transportation Management Inc. (#, 15 Church St., Upland, PA 19015 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2026 Seaway LLC and Reklaw LLC dba Allure Lounge (#, 415 -417 Halsey Dr., Newark, NJ 07102 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2041 CNC Precision Machine, Inc. (#, 18360 Industrial Cir., Burton, OH 44021 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2041 Beadon Inc (#) 2601 Old Ocean City Rd, Salisbury, MD 21804 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2026 CD Game Exchange Inc. (#) 3719 N Mississippi, Portland, OR 97227 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2026 Ridge Road Equestrian LLC dba Ricochet Ridge Ranch (#, 24201 North Hwy. 1, Fort Bragg, CA 95437 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2026 Cuppiecakes LLC (#, 313 S Main St., McGregor, TX 76557 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2041 Wrecking Crew Media LLC (#, 229 Commercial Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2026 Animal Intrusion Prevention Systems Holding Company, LLC dba Critter (#, 1362-1366 W. Carrier Pkwy., Grand Prairie, TX 75050 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2026 Raem Corporation dba Dryclean Express (#, 557 West Whitney Rd., Fairport, NY 14450 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2041 Warren Dale Warrington dba Custom Paint and Body (#, 705 S Market Ave., Fort Pierce, FL 34982 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2041 TR Companies LLC dba Liberty Rental 4 U (#, 410 N Church Rd., Liberty, MO 64068 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2026 Rosmel Pools Inc (#, 9300 NW 25th St. Ste. 103, Miami, FL 33172 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2026 Paul Belanger dba Paul Belanger Landscaping (#, 2595 Military Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90064 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2026 
 F-156 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

USA General Investment LLC dba Braniff Paint and Body Shop (#, 2290 NW 21st Ter., Miami, FL 33142 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2026 The Hungry Rhino LLC (#, 47 South Main St., Windsor Locks, CT 06096 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2041 303 Tower Drive LLC (#, 303 Tower Dr., Ste. A, Middletown, NY 10941 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2041 676 Club LP dba The Green Door Tavern/The Drifter (#, 676 and 678 North Orleans ST, Chicago, IL 60654 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2041 Apple Tree NC Inc dba Williams Farm Garden Center (#, 109 Barkside Ln., New Bern, NC 28562 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2041 Intrepid Trinity LLC (#, 680 Douglas Ave, Providence, RI 02908 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2041 JAG Unit 1, LLC dba Arooga's Grille House and Sports Bar (#, 1 West Main St., Patchogue, NY 11772 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2026 EPEC Juice LLC dba Jamba Juice (#, 810 Ninth St., Ste. 128, Durham, NC 27705 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2026 My Sainath Inc dba Motel 6 (#, 1008 E Crest Dr., Waco, TX 76705 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2041 Franklin Firm LLC dba Luv 2 Play (#, 1310 East Stan Schleuter Loop, Killeen, TX 76542 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2041 Martin Inventory Management LLC (#, 304 1/2 Main St., Edgefield, SC 29824 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 P L H Pharmaco Inc dba Farmacia San Jose (#, 149 48th St., Union City, NJ 07087 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 Desert Tacos LLC (#, 245 East Bell Rd. Ste. A-2, Phoenix, AZ 85022 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 Corning Lumber Company Inc and Frank R Close and Son Inc dba Close (#, 1314 Sixth St., Orland, CA 95963 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2029 VMA Technologies LLC (#, 120 South Serenata Dr. Unit 332, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 O.D.S. Inc dba Four Seasons Health Racquet and Step 'N' Motion, Inc (#, 626 Delsea Dr. N, Glassboro, NJ 08028 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2026 WGI, LLC dba Williams Grant Inn (#, 154 High St., Bristol, RI 02809 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2041 Island Time Investments, LLC dba Swantown Inn Bed Breakfast (#, 1431 11th Ave SE, Olympia, WA 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2041 Shooting Sports Academy LLC and Jetaa LLC dba Shooting Sports Academy (#, 27 Main St., Monroe, CT 06468 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2041 Visual Advantage LLC dba Signs Now Perryberg (#, 23248 Dunbridge Rd., Perrysburg, OH 43443 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2041 
 F-157 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Long Island Comedy LLC dba Governors and New York Comedy, LLC (#, 90 A Division Ave., Levittown, NY 11756 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2041 Bagelicious, LLC (#, 945 S Main St, Cheshire, CT 06410 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2026 Jai-Alexia Consulting, Inc. (#, 14660 Paddock Dr., Wellington, FL 33414 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2026 Pumpkin Patch Child Care of Southington, LLC and Giuseppe Pugliares (#, 1137 West St., Southington, CT 06489 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2041 Luv 2 Play AZ LLC (#, 15495 Bell Rd., Surprise, AZ 85374 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2026 Larry H. Patterson and Rainbow Movers, Inc (#, 2325 Hollers Ave, Bronx, NY 10475 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2026 AP5 LLC dba Krauser's Food Store (#, 5 Pond Point Rd., Milford, CT 06460 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2041 ATI Jet Inc (#, 7007 Boeing Dr., El Paso, TX 79925 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2026 Angelo Faia dba AVF Construction (#, 55 Arbour Ln., Sewell, NJ 08080 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2041 Southwest Division Inc (#, 2103 NE 3rd Ter., Cape Coral, FL 33909 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2026 Jack Frost Firewood Inc. and David Dubinsky (#, 3168 Holland Rd., Virginia Beach, VA 23453 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2041 Horseshoe Barbecue, LLC (#) 6555, 6565, 6575 N. Sandario Rd., Tucson, AZ 85743 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 Elderfriend Inc dba Granny Nannies dba GN Live Scan (#) 1499 W. Palmetto Park Rd., Ste. #115, Boca Raton, FL 33486 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2026 Dedicated Incorporated (#, 2916 North 39th St., Phoenix, AZ 85019 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2041 FJN Catering Inc (#, 106 Main St., Mineola, NY 11951 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2041 Pumpkin Patch Inc and Christine Feliciano and Antonio Feliciano (#, 11 Kirby Rd., Cromwell, CT 06419 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2041 Sabir Inc. dba Bear Diner (#, 603 Pulaski Hwy, Bear, DE 19701 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2041 Alpha Omega Trucking LLC (#, 14432-52 State Line Rd., Brookings, OR 97415 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2041 Loriet LLC (#) 5001 Vivienda Way, Sarasota, FL 34235 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2026 Warner Home Comfort, LLC dba Smith Piping (#, 1571 Canton Rd., NW, Carrollton, OH 44615 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2041 
 F-158 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Empowerschool LLC and Empower Autism Academy, LLC (#, 1250 South A. W. Grimes Rd., Round Rock, TX 78665 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2041 Hard Exercise Works Winter Park LLC (#, 11551 University Blvd., Ste. 4C Building 1, Orlando, FL 32817 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2026 Costume World Inc (#, 950 South Federal Hwy., Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2041 Accent Comfort Services, LLC (#, 5035-C West W. T. Harris Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28269 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2026 Automotive Core Recycling, LLC and 828 Old Colony Road, LLC (#, 27-29 Cooper St., Meriden, CT 06053 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2041 AAA Mill Direct, Inc. dba Carpet Mill Outlets (#, 1 North Armistead Ave., Hampton, VA 23669 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2026 KNS Early Learning Academy LLC (#, 57 Merritt St. SE, Marietta, GA 30060 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2041 Vehicle Safety Supply LLC (#, 15 East 72nd St., Ste. 14-H, New York, NY 10021 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2026 Dana A. Farley dba Independent Cabinets (#, 5805 NE Minder Rd, Poulsbo, WA 98370 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2041 Cameo Carter, MD A Professional Corporation dba The Garden Pediatric (#, 101 East Redlands Blvd., Ste. 106, Redlands, CA 92373 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2026 MTS Car Service LLC (#, 9 Gibson Ct. Apt# 1, Norwalk, CT 06854 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2026 Gordon Rogers and Heidi Rogers dba Stone House Motor Inn (#, 162 Danielson Pike, Foster, RI 02825 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2026 Wyldewood Cellars, Inc. (#, 951 East 119th St, Mulvane, KS 67120 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2041 Barrocas Gym LLC dba Snap Fitness (#, 260 West Main St., Avon, CT 06001 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2026 Revolution Physical Therapy LLC dba Apex Network Physical Therapy (#, 2705 Dougherty Ferry Rd. Ste. 104, St. Louis, MO 63122 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2026 ActKnowledge, Inc (#, 365 5th Ave., New York, NY 10016 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2026 Precious Care LLC and Precious Care Management LLC (#, 186-06 Union Turnpike, Fresh Meadows, NY 11364 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2026 Kekoa Enterprises Inc dba Signarama Sandy (#, 8942 South 700 East, Sandy, UT 84070 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2026 Brian T Rice dba BD Logging (#, 800 3rd St Apt B, St Marys, WV 26170 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2026 R D Enterprises Inc dba My Pool Man (#, 291 North Texas Ave., Orlando, FL 32805 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2026 
 F-159 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Mustafa Inc and Raouf Properties LLC (#, 3538 Pin Oak Dr, San Antonio, TX 78229 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2041 Dupre Capital LLC dba Fastsigns (#, 215 Quartermaster Ct., Jeffersonville, IN 47130 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2026 Step Up Academy of the Arts LLC (#, 2558 Wigwam Pkwy Ste A, Henderson, NV 89074 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2026 Faith Summit Supply Inc dba Summit Supply and Summit True Value (#, 8584 US Business Hwy. 277, Haskell, TX 79521 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2026 Swerve Salon LLC (#, 1419 N Wells St., Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2026 Drug Detection Laboratories, Inc. and Minh Tran (#, 9700 Business Park Dr., Sacramento, CA 95827 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2026 Living Essentials HVAC Corp (#, 42 West St., Apt 24, Randolph, MA 02368 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2026 The River Beas, LLC dba Subway and Punam Singh (#, 5516 Baltimore Ave, Hyattsville, MD 20781 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2041 Aaradhya LLC dba Market Square Laundry (#, 7727 Crittenden St., Philadelphia, PA 19118 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2026 Gilmore Heights Dental Holdings, LTD and Chas Rob LLC (#, 2250 Warrensville Center Rd., University Heights, OH 44118 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2029 Jersey Shore Marina Boat Sales, Inc. (#, 841 Rte. 70 East, Brick, NJ 08724 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2041 Dolarian Realty LLC and OV's Restaurant Inc (#, 34 Old Colony Ave., East Taunton, MA 02718 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2041 Lemonberry Food Stores Inc dba Lemonberry Frozen Yogurt (#, 1196 Inverness Ln., Stow, OH 44224 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2025 MCF Forte LLC (#, 1245 W Baseline Rd Unit 105, Mesa, AZ 85202 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2025 Panditos LLC dba White Lotus Home (#, 431 Raritan Ave., Highland Park, NJ 08904 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2025 Ridge Road Equestrian LLC dba Ricochet Ridge Ranch Inc (#, 24201 North Hwy 1, Fort Bragg, CA 95437 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2040 Joyce Outdoor Advertising Chicago LLC (#, 2443 West 16th St., Chicago, IL 60608 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2040 Premier Athletic Center of Ohio Inc. and Gates Investments and Wade (#, 8957 Kingsridge Dr., Centerville, OH 45459 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2028 Hattingh Incorporated dba Prosthetic Care Facility (#, 4415 Woodridge Pkwy, Ste 180, Leesburg, VA 20176 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2025 Trip Consultants U.S.A. Inc. (#, 311 85th St., Brooklyn, NY 11209 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2025 Accent Tag and Label Inc (#, 2201 Rittenhouse St, Des Moines, IA 50321 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2040 
 F-160 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Sourceco Limited Liability Company (#) 17 Palmer Ave., West Long Branch, NJ 07764 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Fixed 12/17/2025 JAG Unit 1, LLC (#, 1 West Main St., Patchogue, NY 11772 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2025 Moments to Remember USA LLC dba Retain Loyalty (#, 1250 Sanders Ave. SW, Massillon, OH 44646 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2025 DC Enterprises Ltd. dba Lakeview True Value (#, 318 North F St., Lakeview, OR 97630 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2025 Basista Family Limited Partnership and UPE, Inc. (#, 3401 Brecksville Rd, Richfield, OH 44286 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2040 DWeb Studio, Inc. (#, 10800 E. Bethany Dr., Ste. 275, Aurora, CO 80014 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2025 Ronny Ramirez RX Corp dba Naturxheal Family Pharmacy (#, 3105 NW 107 Ave. Ste 102, Doral, FL 33172 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2025 S.B.B. Enterprises Inc dba Williamston Hardware (#, 139 S Putnam St., Williamston, MI 48895 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2040 Financial Network Recovery Inc (#, 250 E Easy St. Ste. 1, Simi Valley, CA 93065 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2025 ADMO Inc dba Mid States Equipment (#, 16180 Westwoods Business Park, Ellisville, MO 63021 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2025 Barub Realty LLC and Barub LLC dba Woodlawn Cabinets (#, 1838 Adee Ave., Baychester, NY 10469 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2040 Binky's Vapes LLC (#, 10539 Greenbelt Rd. Ste. 102, Lanham, MD 20706 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2025 Prestigious LifeCare for Seniors LLC (#, 5701 North Pine Island Rd., Tamarac, FL 33321 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2025 Daniel W. Stark dba Mountain Valley Lodge and RV Park (#, 223 Hwy 80, Rodeo, NM 88056 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2040 St Lawrence Hotel Corp and Oheka Catering Inc dba Quality Inn (#, 10 West Orvis St., Massena, NY 13662 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2040 Finish Strong Inc dba FASTSIGNS St Peters (#, 98 North Hillview Dr., St Peters, MO 63376 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2025 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 51 Donnelley Rd., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2025 MiJoy Inc dba Imo's Pizza (#, 215 South Kirkwood Rd., Kirkwood, MO 63122 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2025 Naeem Khan LTD (#, 260 West 36h St., New York, NY 10018 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2025 FirstVitals Health and Wellness Inc (#, 521 Ala Moana Blvd. Ste. 261, Honolulu, HI 96813 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2025 
 F-161 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Gardner's Wharf Holdings LLC and Gardner's Wharf Seafood Inc (#, 170 Main St., North Kingstown, RI 02852 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2040 Empower Autism Academy (#, 1250 South A. W. Grimes Rd., Round Rock, TX 78664 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/4/2040 God Be Glorified Inc dba GBG Inc (#, 40 West. 162nd St, South Holland, IL 60473 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2025 GDP Gourmet LLC dba Joe and John's Pizza Restaurant (#, 136 New Jersey Ave, Absecon, NJ 08201 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2040 Murrayville Donuts, Inc dba Dunkin' Donuts (#, 2304 N College Rd, Wilmington, NC 28405 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2040 Jonathan E Nichols and Nichols Fire and Security LLC (#, 1906 Vanderhorn Dr., Memphis, TN 38134 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2025 Summit Beverage Group LLC (#, 211 Washington Ave., Marion, VA 24354 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2030 Jihan Inc dba ARCO AM/PM and Diana Inc dba Diana's Recycling (#, 13886 Campo Rd., Jamul, CA 91935 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2040 CEM Autobody LLC dba Dawn's Autobody (#, 7 Division St, Keyport, NJ 07735 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2040 TJU-DGT Inc dba The Lorenz Cafe (#, 714-718 Lorenz Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15220 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Wolf Enviro Interests, LLC and Enviromax Services Inc (#, 18002 Mueschke Rd., Cypress, TX 77433 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2040 RJI Services, Inc. (#, 353 E Angeleno Ste. G, Burbank, CA 91502 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2025 Real Help LLC dba Real Help Decorative Concrete (#, 2221 Broadway St., Buffalo, NY 14212 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2025 KRN Logistics, LLC and Newsome Trucking, Inc (#) 2262 Hwy 53 W, Jasper, GA 30143 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2025 AM PM Properties, LLC and AM PM Willington, LLC (#, 1308 Stafford Rd., Storrs Mansfield, CT 06268 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2040 Mirage Plastering Inc and Mpire LLC and Mpire II LLC (#, 1802 W Grant Rd. Ste. 114, Tucson, AZ 85745 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2040 Eldredge Tavern LLC dba Gonyea's Tavern (#, 150 Main St., Pascoag, RI 02859 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2040 ViAr Visual Communications, Inc. dba Fastsigns 281701 (#, 4721 University Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2025 Medworxs LLC (#, 10901 W. Toller Dr., Littleton, CO 80127 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2025 DTM Parts Supply Inc. (#) 31 Sageman St, Mount Vernon, NY 10550 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 6/2/2025 XCESSIVE THROTTLE, INC dba Jake's Roadhouse (#, 5980 Lamar St., Arvada, CO 80003 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2025 
 F-162 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Douglas Posey and Sally Watkinson dba Audrey's Farmhouse (#, 2188 Brunswyck Rd., Wallkill, NY 12589 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2040 15 McArdle LLC and No Other Impressions Inc (#, 15 McArdle St., Rochester, NY 14611 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/15/2040 South Park Properties LLC and Midlothian Hardware LLC (#, 4751 147th St., Midlothian, IL 60445 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2040 Matthew Taylor and Landon Farm LLC (#, 6103 N Church St, Greensboro, NC 27455 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2040 Cares Inc dba Dumpling Grounds Day Care Center (#, 4508 Blakiston St., Philadelphia, PA 19136 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/1/2040 Diamond Solutions LLC (#, 7845 East Evans Rd. Ste. A, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2025 Faramarz Nikourazm dba Car Clinic Center (#, 10707 Shady Trail, Dallas, TX 75220 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2040 Shorr Enterprises Inc dba New Design Furniture Manufacturers (#, 3033 NW 28 St., Lauderdale Lakes, FL 33311 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2025 Shellhorn and Hill Inc dba Total Fleet Service (#, 501 South Market St, Wilmington, DE 19801 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2040 Joyce Outdoor Advertising NJ LLC and Joyce Outdoor Advertising LLC (#, 800 James Ave., Scranton, PA 18510 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2040 Zero-In Media Inc (#, 1123 Broadway Ste. 704, New York, NY 10010 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2025 Loriet LLC (#, 5001 Vivienda Way, Sarasota, FL 34235 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2025 Shelton Incorporated dba Mrs. Winners (#, 4509 N. Henry Blvd., Stockbridge, GA 30281 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2040 MMS Realty, LLC and Molecular MS Diagnostics LLC (#, 1224 Greenwich Ave., Warwick, RI 02886 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2040 Royal Crest Motors LLC (#, 769 Amesbury Rd, Haverhill, MA 01830 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2040 Luigi's on Main LLC and Luigi's Main Street Pizza Inc (#, 491 Montauk Hwy., Eastport, NY 11941 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2025 Pace Motor Lines, Inc. (#, 1425 Honeyspot Rd. Extension, Stratford, CT 06615 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2025 Kingseal LLC dba Desoto Health and Rehab Center (#, 475 Nursing Home Dr., Arcadia, FL 34266 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2040 Kiddie Steps 4 You Inc. (#, 1700 West 63rd St., Chicago, IL 60636 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2040 Grand Blanc Lanes, Inc. and H, H and H, LLC (#, 5301 S Saginaw Rd, Flint, MI 48507 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2039 First Prevention and Dialysis Center, LLC (#, 17940 NW 27th Ave., Miami Gardens, FL 33056 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2024 
 F-163 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Bowlerama Inc (#, 3031 New Castle Ave, New Castle, DE 19720 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2039 The Lodin Group LLC and Lodin Health Imaging Inc dba Highlands Breast (#, 114-115 Medical Center Ave., Sebring, FL 33870 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2039 The Jewelers Inc. dba The Jewelers of Las Vegas (#, 2400 Western Ave., Las Vegas, NV 89102 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2024 Will Zac Management LLC dba Papa John's (#) 2410 West Jefferson St., Ste. B, Joliet, IL 60435 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 12/19/2024 B.S. Ventures LLC dba Dink's Market (#, 48649 Hwy. 58, Oakridge, OR 97463 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2039 B W Towing, LLC and Boychucks Fuel LLC (#, 701 Addison Rd., Painted Post, NY 14870 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2039 Kemmer LLC and Apples Tree Top Liquors LLC (#, 1300 S Jackson St., Salem, IN 47167 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2039 Teamnewman Enterprises LLC dba Newmans at 988 and John H. Newman (#, 988 Hemlock St., Cannon Beach, OR 97110 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2039 Legacy Estate Planning Inc dba American Casket Enterprises (#, 2176 Rte. 119 North, Greensburg, PA 15601 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2024 DC Real LLC and DC Enterprises LTD dba Lakeview True Value (#, 318 North F St., Lakeview, OR 97630 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2039 Heartland American Properties LLC and Skaggs RV Outlet LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr., Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2039 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 51 Donnelley Rd., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2024 DNT Storage and Properties LLC (#, 38 Old National Pike, West Alexander, PA 15376 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2039 Doctors Express Management of Central Texas LLC (#, 3614 SW HK Dodgen Loop, Ste F, Temple, TX 76504 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2024 Michael Rey Jr. and Lynn J. Williams and GIG Petcare dba Hickory (#, 900 Alpine Rd., Bridgeville, PA 15017 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2039 Rocco's LLC and Pantalone Inc dba Rocco's (#, 79 Beach Rd. Vineyard Haven, Vineyard Haven, MA 02568 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2039 Gordon E Rogers dba Stonehouse Motor Inn (#, 162 Danielson Pike, Foster, RI 02825 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2039 Tavern Properties LLC and Wildwood Tavern LLC (#, 6480 West Touhy Ave., Niles, IL 60714 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2039 Animal Intrusion Prevention Systems Holding Company, LLC (#, 3330 N Beach St., Fort Worth, TX 76111 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2024 Alpha Preparatory Academy LLC (#, 4462 Mink Livsey Rd., Snellville, GA 30039 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2039 
 F-164 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Hamer Road Auto Salvage, LLC and Scott T. Cook and Nikki J. Cook (#, 10463 Hamer Rd, Georgetown, OH 45121 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 8/8/2039 575 Columbus Avenue Holding Company, LLC and LA-ZE LLC (#, 575 Columbus Ave., New Haven, CT 06519 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2039 Honeyspot Investors LLP and Pace Motor Lines Inc (#, 1425 Honeyspot Rd. Extension, Stratford, CT 06615 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/24/2039 Honeyspot Investors LLP and Pace Motor Lines Inc (#, 1425 Honeyspot Rd. Extension, Stratford, CT 06615 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2039 Lisle Lincoln II Limited Partnership dba Lisle Lanes LP (#, 4920 Lincoln Ave. Rte. 53, Lisle, IL 60532 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2024 Nikobella Properties LLC and JPO Inc dba Village Car Wash (#, 1372 South US Rte. 12, Fox Lake, IL 60020 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2039 Big Sky Plaza LLC and Strickland, Incorporated dba Livingston True (#, 1313 West Park St. #1, Livingston, MT 59047 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2039 Sico Walsh Insurance Agency Inc and The AMS Trust (#, 106 Concord Ave., Belmont, MA 02478 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2039 Sujata Inc dba Stop N Save Food Mart and Dhruvesh Patel (#, 15637 St Clair Ave, Cleveland, OH 44110 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2024 Long Island Barber Institute Inc (#, 266 Greenwich St., Hempstead, NY 11550 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2039 Pocono Coated Products, LLC (#, 100 Sweetree St., Cherryville, NC 28021 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2024 The River Beas LLC and Punam Singh (#, 11704 Centurion Way, Potomac, MD 20854 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/8/2039 AS Boyals LLC dba Towne Liquors (#, 117 South Broad St., Woodbury City, NJ 08096 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2039 Gerami Realty, LC; Sherrill Universal City Corral, LP (#, 2301 Pat Booker Rd, Universal City, TX 78148 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/23/2027 Island Wide Realty LLC and Long Island Partners, Inc. (#, 201-203-205 West Merrick Rd., Valley Stream, NY 11580 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2039 Wilshire Media Systems Inc (#, 2649 Townsgate Rd. Ste. 500, Westlake Village, CA 91361 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2024 1899 Tavern Tap LLC and Ale House Tavern Tap LLC (#, 1899 State Rte. 35, South Amboy, NJ 08879 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2039 Cormac Enterprises and Wyoming Valley Beverage Incorporated (#, 63 S Wyoming Ave, Edwardsville, PA 18704 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2039 
 F-165 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

R R Boyal LLC dba Cap N Cat Clam Bar and Little Ease Tavern (#, 3111 and 3135 Delsea Dr., Franklinville, NJ 08322 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2039 952 Boston Post Road Realty, LLC and HNA LLC dba Styles International (#, 952 Boston Post Rd., Milford, CT 06460 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2039 Summit Beverage Group LLC (#, 211 Washington Ave, Marion, VA 24354 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2024 Faith Memorial Chapel LLC (#, 600 9th Ave. North, Bessemer, AL 35020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2039 96 Mill Street LLC, Central Pizza LLC and Jason Bikakis George Bikaki (#, 96 Mill St., Berlin, CT 06037 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2039 986 Dixwell Avenue Holding Company, LLC and Mughali Foods, LLC (#, 986 Dixwell Ave., Hamden, CT 06510 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2039 Sarah Sibadan dba Sibadan Agency (#, 102-05 101st Ave., Ozone Park, NY 11416 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2039 Icore Enterprises Inc dba Air Flow Filters Inc (#, 151 W 24th St, Hialeah, FL 33010 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/15/2024 Nutmeg North Associates LLC Steeltech Building Products Inc (#, 636 Nutmeg Rd. North, South Windsor, CT 06074 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2038 KK International Trading Corporation (#, 219 Lafayette Dr., Syosset, NY 11791 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2028 Kurtis Sniezek dba Wolfe's Foreign Auto (#, 712 5th St., New Brighton, PA 15066 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2038 920 CHR Realty LLC; V. Garofalo Carting Inc (#, 920 Crooked Hill, Brentwood, NY 11717 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2038 DKB Transport Corp (#, 555 Water Works Rd., Old Bridge, NJ 08857 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2038 Firm Foundations Inc David S Gaitan Jr and Christopher K Daigle (#, 1455 S Richland Creek Rd, Sugar HIll, GA 30518 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2038 BVIP Limousine Service LTD (#, 887 W Liberty, Medina, OH 44256 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2038 AcuCall LLC (#, 824 U.S Hwy. 1, Ste. 335, North Palm Beach, FL 33408 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2023 Kids in Motion of Springfield LLC dba The Little Gym of Springfield IL (#, 3039-3043 Hedley, Springfield, IL 62704 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2023 Polpo Realty, LLC; Polpo Restaurant, LLC (#, 554 Old Post Rd. #3, Greenwich, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/6/2038 Master CNC Inc Master Properties LLC (#, 11825 29 Mile Rd., Washington, MI 48095 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2038 1 North Restaurant Corp dba 1 North Steakhouse (#, 322 W. Montauk Hwy, Hampton Bays, NY 11946 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2038 
 F-166 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Janice B. McShan and The Metropolitan Day School, LLC (#, 2817 Lomb Ave., Birmingham, AL 35208 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2023 Mid-Land Sheet Metal Inc (#, 125 E Fesler St., Santa Maria, CA 93454 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2038 Clairvoyant Realty Corp. and Napoli Marble Granite Design, Ltd (#, 77 Mill Rd., Freeport, NY 11520 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2038 Cencon Properties LLC and Central Connecticut Warehousing Company, In (#, 37 Commons Ct., Waterbury, CT 06704 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2038 Anthony C Dinoto and Susan S P Dinoto and Anthony C Dinoto Funeral (#, 17 Pearl St., Mystic, CT 06355 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2038 Kiddie Steps 4 You Inc. (#, 1700 West 63rd St., Chicago, IL 60636 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2038 Serious-Fun in Alpharetta, LLC dba The Little Gym of Alpharetta (#, 11585 Jones Bridge Rd., Ste. 4G, Johns Creek, GA 30022 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2023 Faith Memorial Chapel LLC (#, 600 9th Ave. North, Bessemer, AL 35020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2038 Grafio Inc dba Omega Learning Center-Acworth (#, 5330 Brookstone Dr., Ste. 320, Acworth, GA 30101 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2023 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 51 Donnelley Rd., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2028 Prospect Kids Academy Inc (#, 532 St Johns Pl., Brooklyn, NY 11238 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2038 Schmaltz Holdings, LLC and Schmaltz Operations, LLC (#, 3408 Castle Rock Farm Rd., Pittsboro, NC 27312 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/4/2038 Caribbean Concepts, Inc. dba Quick Bleach (#, 120 East 56th St., St.#730, New York, NY 10022 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2023 Angkor Restaurant Inc (#, 10 Traverse St., Providence, RI 02903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2038 Harbor Ventilation Inc and Estes Investment, LLC (#, 509 East Park St., Livingston, MT 59047 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2038 Tri County Heating and Cooling Inc. (#, 509 East Park St., Livingston, MT 59047 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2023 GIA Realty LLC and VRAJ GIA LLC dba Lakeview Laundromat (#, 411 Sharp St., Millville, NJ 08332 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2038 Maxiflex LLC (#, 512 Verret St., New Orleans, LA 70114 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2023 Blakeslee Arpaia Chapman, Inc. dba Blakeslee Industrial Services (#, 200 North Branford Rd., Branford, CT 06405 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2028 
 F-167 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

KDP LLC and KDP Investment Advisors, Inc and KDP Asset Management, Inc (#, 24 Elm St., Montpelier, VT 05602 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2023 Absolute Desire LLC and Mark H. Szierer and Sophisticated Smile (#, 85 Reaville Ave., Flemington, NJ 08822 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2038 Gregory P Jellenek OD and Associates PC dba Gregory P Jellenek OD (#, 4640 Monticello Ave., Ste. 8A, Williamsburg, VA 23188 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2023 Ryan D. Thornton and Thornton Associates LLC (#, 800 Bethel St., Ste. 200, Honolulu, HI 96813 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2023 Peanut Butter Co., Inc. (#, 250 West 54th St. Ste. 807, New York, NY 10019 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2023 1258 Hartford TPKE, LLC and Phelps and Sons, Inc (#, 1258 Hartford Turnpike, Vernon, CT 06066 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2038 A M Commerce, Inc. dba Cranberry Sunoco (#, 398 Baltimore Blvd, Westminster, MD 21157 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2038 Xela Pack, Inc. and Aliseo and Catherine Gentile (#, 8300 Boettner Rd., Saline, MI 48176 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2028 American Diagnostic Imaging, Inc. dba St. Joseph Imaging Center (#, 3937 Sherman Ave., Saint Joseph, MO 64506 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2038 Sound Manufacturing, Inc. and Monster Power Equipment Inc. (#, 51 Donnelley Rd., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2023 Osceola River Mill, LLC; Ironman Machine, Inc. (#, 27 Hungerford St., Pittsfield, MA 01201 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2038 Retain Loyalty LLC (#, 1250 Sanders Ave. SW, Massillon, OH 44647 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 2/15/2038 Sherill Universal City dba Golden Corral LP (#, 2301 Pat Booker Rd, Universal City, TX 78148 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2038 Macho LLC; Madelaine Chocolate Novelties Inc dbaThe Madelai (#, 96-03 Beach Channel Dr., Rockaway Beach, NY 11693 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2037 Polpo Realty LLC Polpo Restaurant LLC dba Polpo Restaurant (#, 554 Old Post Rd. #3, Greenwich, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2037 Richmond Hill Mini Market, LLC (#, 101 Richmond Hill Ave., Stamford, CT 06902 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2037 U A Food and Fuel, Inc. dba Express Gas Food Mart (#, 1345 Wampanoag Trail, East Providence, RI 02915 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2037 R J Petroleum LLC; Manar USA, Inc. (#, 305 Quincy Shore Dr., Quincy, MA 02107 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2037 Reidville Hydraulics Mfg Inc dba Summit (#, 175 Industrial Ln., Torrington, CT 06790 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2037 
 F-168 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

O'Rourkes Diner LLC dba O'Rourke's Diner (#, 728 Main St., Middletown, CT 06457 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2037 Central Tire, Inc. dba Cooper Tire Auto Services (#, 1111 S Tillotson Ave., Muncie, IN 47304 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2037 Manuel P. Barrera and Accura Electrical Contractor, Inc. (#, 6187 NW 167th St. Unit H3, Miami, FL 33015 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 ATI Jet, Inc. (#, 7007 Boeing Dr., El Paso, TX 79925 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2026 Valiev Ballet Academy, Inc (#, 635 - 637 Londonderry Ln., Denton, TX 76205 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2036 Lisle Lincoln II Limited Partnership dba Lisle Lanes LP (#, 4920 Lincoln Ave. Rte. 53, Lisle, IL 60532 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2036 Profile Performance, Inc. and Eidak Real Estate, L.L.C. (#, 44600 Michigan Ave., Canton, MI 48188 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2036 Northwind Outdoor Recreation, Inc. dba Red Rock Wilderness Store (#, 2267 Fernberg Trail, Ely, MN 55731 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2036 Michael S. Korfe dba North Valley Auto Repair (#, 7516 B 2nd St., NW, Albuquerque, NM 87107 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2036 Seagate Group Holdings, Inc. dba Seagate Logistics, Inc. (#, 64-68 North Central Ave., Valley Stream, NY 11580 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2036 Robert F. Schuler and Lori A. Schuler dba Bob s Service Center (#, 2879 Limekiln Pike, Glenside, PA 19038 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2035 Rudy Louise Chavez dba Clyde's Auto and Furniture Upholstery (#, 2320 2nd St., Albuquerque, NM 87107 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2035 Tanner Optical Inc. dba Murphy Eye Care (#, 305 Shirley Ave., Douglas, GA 31533 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2035 Animal Intrusion Prevention Systems Holding Company, LLC (#, 3330 North Beach St., Haltom City, TX 76111 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2024 D D's Divine Beauty School of Esther, LLC (#, 5524 Germantown Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19144 Educational Services Term Loan Fixed 8/1/2031 Bliss Coffee and Wine Bar, LLC (#) 1402-A Handlir Dr., Bel Air, MD 21015 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2023 1911 East Main Street Holdings, Corp (#, 1911 East Main St., Endicott, NY 13760 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2032 Dave Kris, and MDK Ram Corp. (#, 15 Elm Park, Groveland, MA 01930 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2026 Head To Toe Personalized Pampering, Inc. (#, 2331 North State Rd. 7 Suite 123, Lauderhill, FL 33313 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2031 David M. Goens dba Superior Auto Paint Body, Inc. (#) 1912 Manhattan Ave, Harvey, LA 70058 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 8/26/2024 
 F-169 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

Whirlwind Car Wash, Inc. (#, 1370 Le Anne Marie Cir., Columbus, OH 43026 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2029 Min Hui Lin (#, 1916 Broad St., Lanett, AL 36863 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2028 Auto Sales, Inc. (#, 1925 State St., Hamden, CT 06417 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 8/17/2023 Robin C. Charles E. Taylor Brigantine Aquatic Center LLC (#) 3118 Bayshore Ave., Brigantine, NJ 08203 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/14/2023 Track Side Collision Tire, Inc. (#, 98-16 160 Ave., Ozone Park, NY 11414 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2025 Deesha Corporation, Inc. dba Best Inn Suites (#, 9225 Pkwy. East, Birmingham, AL 35206 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2025 Randall D. Patricia D. Casaburi dba Pat's Pizzazz (#, 386 Winsted Rd., Torrington, CT 06790 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2023 Stillwell Ave Prep School (#, 1990 Stillwell Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11214 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2023 Total SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments 
 F-170 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

636 South Center Holdings, LLC and New Mansfield Brass and Aluminum Co ,#, 636 South Center St., New Washington, OH 44854 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2039 3SIXO Motorsports LLC dba 3SIXO Motorsports Shop ,#, 217 W Main St., Centralia, WA 98531 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 1/6/2029 AA LLC ,#, 5761 W 73rd St., Indianapolis, IN 46260 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 A W ALF, LLC dba A W Assisted Living Facility ,#, 6600 Liberty Rd., Gwynn Oak, MD 21207 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 7/24/2044 Adow Pools LLC ,#, 393 Glenbrook Rd., Stamford, CT 06906 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 5/25/2028 Ains Holding Company, LLC ,#, 122 West 26th St., New York, NY 10001 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2027 Ains Holding Company LLC ,#, 122 W. 26th St., New York, NY 10001 Management of Companies and Enterprises Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2027 Airstrike Firefighters LLC ,#, 18115 62nd Ave. NE, Kenmore, WA 98028 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2028 AJN Innovations LLC dba Burgerim ,#, 6704 Main St., Miami Lakes, FL 33014 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 2/15/2031 Albas Bar Grill LLC ,#, 221 Self Main St., Homer City, PA 15748 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 10/13/2042 Alive Design, LLC ,#) 1906 NE 23 rd Ave., Cape Coral, FL 33909 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2027 Alyssa Corp dba Knights Inn ,#, 1105 Columbus Pkwy., Opelika, AL 36801 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2023 Ambrose Cubed LLC ,#, 6780 6790 Hudspeth Rd., Harrisburg, NC 28075 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2046 Anderson Companies LLC ,#, 3015 S White Horse Pike, Hammonton, NJ 08037 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Anderson Farms Inc ,#) 271 West Hwy. 30, Burley, ID 83318 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/22/2027 Anglin Cultured Stone Products LLC ,#, 877 Salem Church Rd., Newark, DE 19702 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Fixed 12/27/2042 Anglin Cultured Stone Products LLC dba Anglin Construction ,#) 877 Salem Church Rd., Newark, DE 19702 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2025 Arclay ,LLC ,#, 49 Geyser Rd. Ste. 100, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 5/5/2030 B for Blonde, LLC dba Blo Blow Dry Bar ,#) 142 East 49th St., New York, NY 10017 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 2/12/2026 B for Brunette dba Blo ,#, 50 Glen Cove Rd, Greenvale, NY 11548 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 9/10/2023 D for Dream LLC dba Blo Blow Dry Bar Inc ,#, 460 East 3rd Ave., New York, NY 10016 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 5/13/2029 D D Optics Inc dba Sterling Optical ,#, 1487 East LaSalle Dr., Bismark, ND 58503 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/21/2028 
 F-171 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

B C Texas Leasing Inc and M W Hot Oil, Inc. ,#, 8124 Sprague Rd., Odessa, TX 73764 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Fixed 3/30/2028 B C Texas Leasing Inc.,M W Hot Oill, Inc ,#, 8124 Sprague Rd., Odessa, TX 79764 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Fixed 3/30/2043 B4 Fitness LLC dba The Zoo Health Club ,#) 4 Beehive Dr, Epping, NH 03042 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/23/2026 Baker Sales, Inc. d/b/a Baker Sales, Inc. ,#) 60207 Camp Villere Rd., Slidell, LA 70460 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Fixed 3/29/2036 BB Services, LLC ,#, 580 39 Rd., Palisade, CO 81526 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Bear Creek Entertainment LLC dba The Woods at Bear Creek ,#, 3510 Bear Creek Rd., Franklinville, NY 14737 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2041 Bear Creek Entertainment, LLC dba The Woods at Bear Creek ,#) 3510 Bear Creek Rd., Franklinville, NY 14737 Accommodation Term Loan Fixed 12/30/2024 Beau HB Inc dba Beau's Billard, Bowling Arcade ,#, 100 Village RD, Port Lavaca, TX 77979 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 12/16/2043 Beau HB Inc dba Beau's Billiard, Bowling Arcade ,#, 100 Village Rd., Port Lavaca, TX 77979 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2029 Big Heart LLC dba Chick'n Cone ,#, 1158 W San Marcos Blvd, San Marcos, CA 92078 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2031 Blackwater Diving, LLC ,#, 112 Forrest Rd., Morgan City, LA 70380 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Blackwater Diving LLC ,#, 112 Forrest Rd, Morgan City, LA 70380 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2030 Blue Eagle Transport Inc, Greeneagle Transport Inc and Golden Eagle ,#) 377 Boston Post Rd., Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2026 Blue EagleTransport Inc, Greeneagle Transport Inc Golden Eagle ,#, 377 Boston Post Rd., Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2027 Blue Eagle Transport Inc , Golden Eagle Transport, Inc Green Eagle ,#, 377 Boston Post Rd. Unit B, Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2027 Blue Eagle Transport Inc.,Golden Eagle Tran and Green Eagle ,#, 377 Boston Post Rd., Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 Blue Seven, LLC ,#, 11111 San Jose Blvd, Ste. 70, Jacksonville, FL 32223 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2029 Bone Bar Grill LLC ,#) 3547 3551 Philipsburg Bigler Hwy, West Decatur, PA 16878 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2042 Bowl Mor, LLC dba Bowl Mor Lanes / Spare Lounge, Inc. ,#) 201 Highland Ave, East Syracuse, NY 13057 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/13/2039 BQRS, Inc. DBA Gresham Meineke Car Care Center ,#, 18081 SE Division St., Portland, OR 97236 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2027 
 F-172 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Calhoun Satellite Communications, Inc. ,#) 1914 Tigertail Blvd., Dania Beach, FL 33004 Telecommunications Term Loan Fixed 12/2/2026 Capital Containers LLC ,#, 7610 Auburn Blvd #4B, Citrus Heights, CA 95610 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 Carl R. Bieber, Inc. dba Bieber Tourways/Bieber Transportation/Bieber ,#) 320 Fair St., Kutztown, PA 19530 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 9/30/2027 Chickamauga Properties, Inc., MSW Enterprises, LLP ,#) 214 Sutherland Way, Rocky Face, GA 30740 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 12/22/2035 Children First Home Health Care Inc ,#, 1220 Broadcasting Rd Ste 202, Wyomissing, PA 19610 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/27/2028 Chu Management Group, LLC dba Juicy Lou's Burgeria ,#, 1245 Libra Dr., Lincoln, NE 68512 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/19/2032 CIS BIG DOG, LLC ,#, 8920 US HWY, 62 WEST, Cynthiana, KY 41031 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2027 Clark Realty LLC ,#) 4 Walker Way, Albany, NY 12205 Real Estate Term Loan Fixed 8/29/2041 Royal Blue Investments, Inc. and Cleland Pharmacy LLC ,#, 202 S. 1st St., Wakeeny, KS 67672 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2042 CMLCLEARWATERBEACH.LLC dba Cousins Maine Lobster ,#, 309 Coronado Dr., Clearwater Beach, FL 33767 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/11/2029 Colorado Avocado LLC dba Toastique ,#, 11590 Ridgeline Dr., Colorado Springs, CO 80921 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 Commonwealth Diagnostics International, Inc ,#, 39 Norman St. a/k/a 1 Holyoke Square, Salem, MA 01970 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Craftwork Carpentry and Millwork Inc. ,#, 2777 S Financial Ct., Sanford, FL 32773 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Craftwork Carpentry and Millwork Inc ,#, 2777 S Financial Ct., Sandford, FL 32773 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2046 D G Capital LLC dba Miami Grill 277 ,#) 2521 North Federal Hwy., Unit C, Boca Raton, FL 33431 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 12/16/2025 Darnoc Enterprises Inc, Setira Paul Inc dba Conrad's Famous Bakery ,#, 299 Utica Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11203 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 6/27/2043 Destination Hope, Inc, TrilogyTreatment Wellness Center, Inc ,#) 6555 NW 9th Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Devine Fitness LLC ,#, 40 N 2nd St., Rio Vista, CA 94571 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2032 DG Business Solutions, Inc ,#, 11008 Rene St., Lenexa, KS 66215 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Driven Warehouse/Distribution LLC ,#) 271 East North Ave., Glendale, IL 60139 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/22/2027 
 F-173 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Dynamic Dental Corporation ,#, 3760 NW 126th Ave., Coral Springs, FL 33065 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 5/31/2029 E I Holdings, LP PA Farm Products, LLC ,#) 1095 Mt Airy Rd., Stevens, PA 17578 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 4/30/2030 Eagle Aggregate Transportation, LLC and Eagle Pneumatic Transport LLC ,#, 4401 N I-35 #113, Denton, TX 76207 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2024 Earth First Recycling, LLC and 191 Clark Road, LLC ,#, 400 Island Park Rd., Easton, PA 18040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 6/5/2027 Elegant Fireplace Mantels, Inc. dba Elegant Fireplace Mantels ,#, 11949 Borden Ave., San Fernando, CA 91340 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 12/31/2022 Ericon, Inc. ,#) 740 Davenport Ave., Fremont, NE 68025 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Fixed 12/1/2041 ERT Group Inc and Curt's Tools Inspection Inc ,#) 5229 142nd Dr. NW, Williston, ND 58801 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Fixed 3/18/2041 Estelle Finkel Educational Associates,LLC ,#, 125 West Mount Pleasant Ave., Livingston, NJ 07039 Educational Services Term Loan Fixed 5/11/2027 ETS Tree Service Inc and Eastern Tree Service, Inc ,#, 4813 Pinson Valley Pkwy., Birmingham, AL 35215 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Fixed 12/21/2028 Evergreen Pallet LLC and Evergreen Recycle LLC ,#) 302 W 53rd St N., Wichita, KS 67204 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 3/16/2026 Magill Truck Line LLC and Jeff J. Ralls ,#) 211 West 53rd St. N., Park City, KS 67204 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 2/23/2026 Evernook Valley Milk LLC ,#, 7448 Emmerson Rd., Everson, WA 98247 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Fixed 8/31/2042 Excel RP Inc ,#) 6531 Park Ave., Allen Park, MI 48101 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 3/25/2026 Excel RP, Inc./Kevin and Joann Foley ,#) 6531 Park Ave., Allen Park, MI 48101 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 7/8/2028 Florida Apnea Diagnostics LLC ,#, 2664 Cypress Ridge Blvd. Ste. 101 102 A, Wesley Chapel, FL 33544 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 10/20/2027 Foresite Realty Partners LLC and Foresite Real Estate Holdings LLC ,#, 5600 N. River Rd. #925, Rosemont, IL 60018 Real Estate Term Loan Fixed 3/27/2025 Four Seasons Laser Center Inc. ,#, 4720 NW 2nd Ave. Unit D-104 and Unit D-105, Boca Raton, FL 33498 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 6/26/2042 Four Seasons Laser Center Inc. ,#, 4720 NW 2nd Ave Unit D104 and Unit D-105, Boca Raton, FL 33498 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 Frontier Sand LLC ,#, 305 Country Hwy. AA, New Auburn, WI 54757 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Fixed 11/30/2027 GDIM Enterprises Inc dba AAMCO ,#, 1657 Whiskey Rd., Aiken, SC 29803 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 
 F-174 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Gilpin Enterprises, LLC dba Jon Smith Subs ,#, 17790 State Rd. 54, Lutz, FL 33458 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/12/2029 GLH delivering services Inc and Paisley Logistics Inc ,#, 121 Pine Rd., Easley, SC 29642 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Gold Wind Logistics LLC ,#) 2830 Beech Daly Rd, Inkster, MI 48141 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/20/2041 Grand Manor Realty, Inc. Kevin LaRoe ,#) 318 S. Halsted St., Chicago, IL 60661 Real Estate Term Loan Fixed 2/20/2023 Grayson O Company ,#, 6509 Newell Ave., Kannapolis, NC 28082 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/10/2041 Greensboro Plastic Surgical Associates, PA ,#, 2716 Henry St., Greensboro, NC 27405 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 6/29/2042 GT Performance Plus Inc ,#, 4210 College St., Beaumont, TX 77707 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 6/11/2029 Gulf Coast Asphalt LLC dba Missouri Asphalt Sealing and Striping ,#, 10629 Liberty Ave, St .Louis, MO 63132 Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 H.M.C, Incorporated ,#, 7190 Oakland Mills Rd Ste. 10, Columbia, MD 21046 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 7/3/2028 Hackensack Steel Corporation and Luzerne Ironworks Inc ,#, 300 Sly St., Swoyersville, PA 18709 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2026 Hackstaff Restaurants LLC ,#, 248 W 1st. St. Ste 201, Reno, NV 89501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 Hallmark Enterprises LLC ,#) 54 Furman Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11207 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Hana Pastries Enterprises LLC dba Hana Kitchens, Hana Pastries, Inc. ,#, 34 35th St., Brooklyn, NY 11232 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 12/14/2027 Harrison Logging Company LLC ,#, 127 Legate Rd., Indian Mound, TN 37079 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2027 HDD Solutions, LLC ,#) 6550 Progress Pkwy., Cedar Hill, MO 63016 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 12/31/2028 HG Ventures, Inc. dba Diamond Head Trucking ,#, 100 Phoenix Dr., Finleyville, PA 15332 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 6/29/2030 High Q Automotive Consulting andRide 4 U LLC ,#, 747 N State Rd 7, Plantation, FL 33317 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Hoagie Barmichaels Inc ,#, 1101 River Rd., New Windsor, NY 12553 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 HTE Acquisition, LLC dba Hi Tech Engineering ,#, 4600, 4610, 4620 Calle Quetza, Camarillo, CA 93012 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2031 Humd, LLC dba La Rosa Chicken and Grill ,#) 3111 N. University Dr., Coral Springs, FL 33065 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2030 Hurricane Group, Inc. ,#, 1357 Ashford Ave. Ste. 429, San Juan, PR 09070 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2027 
 F-175 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Hurricane Group, Inc.dba Crate Club Group ,#, 1357 Ashford Ave. Ste. 429, San Juan, PR 09070 Other Information Services Term Loan Fixed 11/25/2029 SofRep, Inc dba Force 12 Media ,#, 1357 Ashford Ave. STE 429, San Juan, PR 09070 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2025 iFood, Inc. dba Steak N Shake ,#, 2840 E Millbrook Rd, Raleigh, NC 27604 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2039 iFood, Inc. dba Steak N Shake ,#, 5900 Duraleigh Rd., Raleigh, NC 27612 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 7/31/2024 IHC Hardware Inc. ,#, 614 Broad St., Story City, IA 50248 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 12/6/2042 Innovation Transport, LLC ,#, 1 International Blvd, Mahwah, NJ 07495 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2027 Innovation Transport LLC ,#, 1 International Blvd., Ste. 400, Mahwah, NJ 07495 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2028 Insight Vision Care, PC, CRMOD Lubbock, P.C.,Vielm Vision Eyecare Inc ,#, 4899 Griggs Rd., Houston, TX 77021 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/27/2043 International Kitchen Supply LLC ,#) 3466 North Hwy 11, West Union, SC 29696 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2026 Iredell Oral Facial Surgery, P.C. dba Johnson Oral Surgery ,#, 229 Medical Park Rd., Ste. 310, Mooresville, NC 28117 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 3/29/2044 Island Kaii Company dba Island Kaii ,#, 4301 Orchard Lake Rd #165, West Bloomfield, MI 48323 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2031 Island Kaii Company dba Island Kaii ,#, 4301 Orchard Lake Rd #165, West Bloomfield, MI 48323 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2032 IT Quality Solutions, Inc ,#, 6522 Creekview Cir., Duluth, GA 30097 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 J. A. Kohlhepp Sons, Inc. dba Kohlhepp's True Value ,#) 640 Dubois St., Du Bois, PA 15801 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2026 J. A. Kohlhepp Sons, Inc. dba Kohlhepp's True Value ,#) 640 Dubois St., Dubois, PA 15801 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2041 JAM Media Solutions, LLC ,#, 4744 Tackawanna St., Philadelphia, PA 19124 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 6/15/2027 JAM Media Solutions LLC ,#, 11 Netherwood Ter., East Orange, NJ 07017 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 Jamestown Quick Stop LLC ,#, 3097 24th Ave., Hudsonville, MI 49426 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2044 Japp Business Inc dba Pick and Eat and Japp Drink Corp. ,#) 4179 Broadway, New York, NY 10033 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 11/30/2025 Jay Carlton's, LLC dba Jay Birds Rotisserie Grill ,#, 24480 W 10 Mile RD, Southfield, MI 48033 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 1/4/2029 
 F-176 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

JJBen, Corporation dba Benson Crane Service ,#, 437 Rte. 212, Saugerties, NY 12477 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 J C May Properties, LLC ,#, 315 Sylamore Ave., Mountain View, AR 72560 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 3/22/2044 J C May Properties, LLC. ,#, 315 Sylamore Ave., Mountain View, AR 72560 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Jbelis Stop N' Go, LLC dba Planet Smoothie ,#, 2565 E 17th St, Ammons, ID 83406 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Jessie's Radiator and Automotive ,#, 1777 N Ventura Ave., Ventura, CA 93001 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 10/31/2029 JMD Aviation Holdings, LLC ,#, 8050 North West 90th St., Medley, FL 33166 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 Johnny's Boy LLC ,#, 127 East King St., Martinsburg, WV 25401 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2044 Kenbenco, Inc.dba Benson Steel Fabricators ,#, 437 Rte. 212, Saugerties, NY 12477 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Key HR Associates, Inc dba Parents Choice for Kids ,#, 3150 West Park Dr., Burnsville, MN 55306 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Kids at Heart,LLC dba Monster Mini Golf ,#) 10 Newbury St., Danvers, MA 01923 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/22/2026 Kidtastic LLC dba The Little Gym of Audubon ,#) 2850 Audubon Dr., Audubon, PA 19403 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 7/27/2026 Kim Howard Corp dba NPN Machine Tools ,#, 9130 Wayfarer Ln., Houston, TX 77075 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2042 Kim Howard Corp dba NPN Machine Tools ,#, 9130 Wayfarer Ln, Houston, TX 77075 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Kostekos Inc dba New York Style Pizza ,#) 10 South King St., Gloucester, NJ 08030 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 2/6/2040 LA Diner Inc dba Loukas L A Diner ,#) 3205 Rte. 22 East, Branchburg, NJ 08876 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2037 LAN Doctors Inc ,#) 14 Pierson Ct., Mahwah, NJ 07430 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 8/28/2025 LAN Doctors Inc ,#) 14 Pierson Ct., Mahwah, NJ 07430 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 3/16/2026 LBR Partners LLC dba Techy ,#, 1450 Johns Lake Rd, Clermont, FL 34711 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2030 Legacy Roof Contractors LLC ,#, 32091 Broken Branch Cir., Spanish Fort, AL 36527 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2023 Linqserv Inc. ,#, 1555 Lyell Ave., Rochester, NY 14606 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 11/9/2027 Mag Auto Group Inc dba MAG Motor Company ,#) 1890 North Main St., Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 9/24/2031 Malhame Company Publishers Importers Inc. ,#, 180 Orville Rd., Bohemia, NY 11780 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 
 F-177 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Matchless Transportation LLC dba First Class Limo ,#) 31525 Aurora Rd. # 5, Solon, OH 44139 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 5/31/2020 MB Nursery LLC dba The Garden Center ,#, 15562 Hwy. South, Whitehouse, TX 75791 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2020 McFarlin, LLP ,#, 4 Park Plz Ste 1025, Irvine, CA 92614 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 5/31/2020 MMC Juice Investors Co ,#, 2879 W 95th St. Ste. 195, Naperville, IL 60564 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2020 Mojo Brands Media, LLC ,#) 3260 University Blvd., Ste. 100, Winter Park, FL 32792 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Fixed 8/28/2023 Moon Landscaping, Inc, Moon Group, Inc moon Nursery, Inc ,#, 145 Moon Rd, Chesapeake City, MD 21915 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Morris Glass and Construction Inc ,#) 40058 Hwy. 30, Astoria, OR 97103 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 10/1/2023 Motorsport Imagery, Inc ,#, 16362 Cherokee Rd, Brooksville, FL 34601 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/17/2030 MPI Automotive Corp ,#) 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd., Ste. 100, Cupertino, CA 95014 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 Mr. Lube, Inc ,#, 721 E Westpoint Dr., Wasilla, AK 99654 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 6/22/2043 Mr. Lube, Inc. ,#, 721 E. West Point Dr., Wasilla, AK 99654 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 6/22/2028 Murf Sons LLC ,#, 3821 Pleasant Hill Rd., Store #B-107, Kissimmee, FL 34746 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 11/16/2027 N Transport LLC ,#, 5348 W Brown Ave., Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 11/20/2027 Swalm Street LLC and New York Home Health Care Equipment LLC ,#) 30 Hopper St., Westbury, NY 11590 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/16/2040 New York Home Health Care Equipment, LLC ,#, 30 Hopper St., Westbury, NY 11590 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2025 New York Home Health Care Equipment, LLC ,#, 30 Hopper St., Westbury, NY 11590 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2032 Nix and Nix Funeral Home North Inc, ,#, 1621 W. Dauphin St., Philadelphia, PA 08065 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Northern Steel and Concrete, LLC, a Pennsylvania LLC ,#) 18 Hillcrest Ln., Willingboro, NJ 08046 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Northern Steel and Concrete, LLC and Northern Steel and Concrete ,#) 18 Hillcrest Ln, Willingboro, NJ 08046 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2032 Ocean Trans LLC and Dehal Trucking LLC ,#, 760 W. Charter Way, Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Ocean Trans LLC ,#, 1415 W Andersonr Way, Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2027 
 F-178 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Ocean Trans LLC Dehal Trucking LLC ,#, 1415 W. Anderson St., Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2042 Ocean Trans LLC and Dehal Trucking LLC ,#, 1415 W Anderson St., Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2029 Olsen Bros. Transportation, Inc. Golden Spike Leasing, LLC ,#, 2520 Pennsylvania Ave., Ogden, UT 84401 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 6/20/2028 Panther Ironworks and Rigging Solutions LLC ,#) 1028 Washburn Switch Rd., Shelby, NC 28150 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2026 Paragon Fabricators Inc, Paragon Field Services, Inc ,#) 412 and 500 Main St., La Marque, TX 77568 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2026 Paragon Global, LLC and Paragon Fabricators Inc ,#) 412 and 500 Main St., La Marque, TX 77568 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2041 Pavesh, LLC ,#, 9576 Potranco Rd., San Antonio, TX 78251 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2046 Pecos Entertainment LLC dba State Theater and Pecos Inn LLC ,#, 421 S. Oak St., Pecos, TX 79772 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2042 Pecos Inn LLC dba Econo Lodge ,#) 2207 W Third St., Pecos, TX 79772 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2041 Peter K Lee MD, PC dba Atlanta Primary Care ,#, 211 Roberson Mill Rd., Milledgeville, GA 31061 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 9/13/2043 Peter K Lee MD, PC dba Atlanta Primary Care LLC ,#, 5 Ashford Way, Hawkinsville, GA 31061 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 9/13/2028 Picon Motors LLC dba The New Young's Motors ,#, 199-211 Central Ave., Orange, NJ 07080 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 6/12/2029 PJT Logistics, Inc. ,#, 2-4 Commerce Way, Auburn, NY 13021 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2029 Play4Fun dba Luv 2 Play ,#, 13722 Jamboree Rd., Irvine, CA 92602 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/7/2028 Pool Logic Design and Construction Inc ,#, 277 W Allen Ave., San Dimas, CA 91773 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Top Cat Ready Mix, LLC, Ples Investments LLC, and Pappy's Sand ,#) 13851 S State HWY 34, Scurry, TX 75158 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 10/28/2025 Prestige Construction of Florida, LLC ,#, 1404 Yorktown St. Ste. E, Deland, FL 32724 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Fixed 5/23/2042 Prime Precision Machining, LLC ,#, 845 Mandoline Ave, Madison Heights, MI 48071 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2029 Prime Precision Machining, LLC ,#, 845 Mandoline Ave, Madison Heights, MI 48071 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2044 R K Contracting Inc ,#) 3605 NW 31st Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 2/18/2026 Ramjay Inc. ,#, 85 S. Bragg St. Ste. 303, Alexandria, VA 22312 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 1/13/2027 
 F-179 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Recovery Boot Camp, LLC, Rule 62, Inc. and Healing Properties, LLC ,#, 85 SW 5th Ave, Delray Beach, FL 33444 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/28/2028 Rich's Food Stores LLC dba Hwy 55 of Wallace ,#) 611 East Southerland St., Wallace, NC 28466 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/14/2026 Rihahn Inc. dba RDBL, Inc ,#, 1397 McGuire Rd., Lamar, AR 72846 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Fixed 9/14/2028 RIHAHN INC dba RDBL, INC. ,#, 1397 McGuire Rd., Lamar, AR 72846 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Fixed 2/5/2029 Rhone Wolf Vineyard LLC, Goldline Brands Inc. and Myka Cellars, Inc. ,#, 5245 Bucks Bar Rd., Placerville, CA 95667 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 1/19/2030 Roundhay Partners LLC and Roundhay Farming LLC ,#, 6160 Granite Spring Rd., Somerset, CA 95684 Crop Production Term Loan Fixed 8/8/2042 Romain Tower Inc. David Romaine, Sugar Land Crane and Rigging, LLC ,#, 215 S Persimmon St,, Tomball, TX 77375 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 12/31/2028 Romain Tower Inc. ,#, 215 S Persimmon St, Tomball, TX 77375 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 12/20/2044 Route 130 SCPI Holdings LLC; Route 130 SCPI Operations LLC ,#) 423-429 Rte. 156, Trenton, NJ 08620 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/30/2039 Royalty Freight Inc ,#, 3728 W Mckinley Ave., Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 Royalty Freight Inc ,#, 3728 W McKinley Ave., Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Royalty Freight Inc. ,#, 3728 W McKinley Ave., Fresno, CA 93772 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 S D Beauty Spa Inc dba Elite Nails, dba Bella's Nails dba Onyx Nail ,#, 5604 Slide Rd., Lubbock, TX 79414 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 Sambella Holdings, LLC and Strike Zone Entertainment Center LLC ,#, 726-740 South Fleming St., Sebastian, FL 32958 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2041 Sanabi Investment, LLC dba Oscar's Moving and Storage ,#, 11421 N W 107th St., #13, Miami, FL 33178 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/5/2027 Sandlot Ventures LLC and Sandbox Ventures LLC ,#, 1857A Elmdale Ave, Glenview, IL 60025 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/25/2040 Select Propane Fuel Inc. and Select Fuel Convenience LLC ,#) 3822 State Rte. 3, Red Bud, IL 62278 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Fixed 2/10/2030 Shooter's Gun Club, LLC ,#) 2429 Iowa St. Ste.s B, C and D, Lawrence, KS 66046 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2030 Sky Way Enterprises, Inc, A-Liner-8-Aviation, Inc, Kissimmee Aviation ,#, 3031 Patrick St, Kissimmee, FL 34741 Air Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/12/2027 Skyways LTD,Jet 60 LLC,Mendean Jonath, Inc,Jet AOG, Inc Jonathan ,#, 426 15th St. NW, Huron, SD 57350 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2043 
 F-180 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

Skyways, LTD ,#, 350 15th St. NW, Huron, SD 57350 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/22/2029 SM Car Sales Inc ,#) 2340 Royal Ln.,, Dallas, TX 75229 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 Specialized Dairy Processors LLC and Nathaly Zapata ,#, 2200 N Commerce Pkwy., Weston, FL 33326 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 1/16/2028 Soto Injury Law Firm, PA and My Attorney Inc ,#, 2050 Capital Cir. NE Ste. B, Tallahassee, FL 32308 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2029 Sovereign Communications LLC ,#) 26 E 3 Mile Rd,, Sault Sainte Marie, MI 49783 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Fixed 2/7/2024 SSI Refrigerated Express Inc. and Robert M Stallone ,#, 1001 E. Cooley Dr. Ste. 102, Colton, CA 92324 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2027 SSI Refrigerated Express Inc. and Robert M Stallone dba SSI Express ,#, 1001 E. Cooley Dr. Ste. 102, Colton, CA 92324 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 2/28/2027 StillBasi Holdings, Inc. dba Buxton Auto Transport ,#, 9371 Jackson Rd, Sacramento, CA 95826 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/29/2029 Suncrest Stone Products LLC ,#) 341 County Farm Rd., Ashburn, GA 31714 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 8/29/2041 Suncrest Stone Products LLC ,#) 341 County Farm Rd., Ashburn, GA 31714 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 8/29/2026 Sushi Prime, LLC and Vasilia Investments ,#, 32 SE 2nd Ave, Delray Beach, FL 33444 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2028 SVT Masonry Limited Liability Company ,#, 1208 Houghton Ln., Bennington, VT 05201 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2029 Tactical Integrated Systems Inc dba Techy ,#, 2501 Citrus Blvd, Leesburg, FL 34748 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Tarver-Henley Inc. and Tar-Hen LLC ,#, 2125 College Ave., Jackson, AL 36545 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 6/21/2042 Technical Ordnance Solutions,LLC ,#, 9950 Business Cir., Ste. 13, Naples, FL 34112 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 3/30/2028 The Country House Restaurant, LLC and Pelton Real Estate, LLC ,#, 677 US Rte. 7, Pittsford, VT 05763 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2042 The Garden Club, LLC ,#, 125 South DuBuque St., Iowa City, IA 52240 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2028 Tier1 Solutions LLC ,#, 1000 Essington Rd. Ste. 109 111, Joliet, IL 60435 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2027 Tier1 Solutions LLC ,#, 1000 Essington Rd., Juliet, IL 60435 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2028 Tier1 Solutions LLC ,#, 1000 Essington Rd., Ste. 111, Joliet, IL 60435 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Torchlight Academy Schools, LLC ,#, 116 County Farm Rd., Windsor, NC 27983 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2046 KDKB Properties, LLC and US Press, LLC ,#, 1628-A James P. Rodgers Dr., Valdosta, GA 31601 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 
 F-181 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

US Press, LLC ,#, 1628-A James P. Rodgers Dr., Valdosta, GA 31601 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2046 US Shipping Trans Inc, Esteem Trucking Inc ,#, 16102 Sweetwater Ct., Lathrop, CA 95330 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2028 Victorian Restaurant and Tavern, LLC ,#, 226 Maple Ave., Cheshire, CT 06410 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 2/22/2042 White Hawk Inc. ,#, 2101 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd, Stockton, CA 95205 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/15/2026 Wilban LLC ,#) 454 US Hwy. 22, Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 3/11/2026 Wilban LLC ,#) 454 US Hwy. 22, Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 3/28/2039 Zahmel Restaurant Suppliers Corp dba Cash Carry; Zahners Hardware ,#, 33-51 11th St., Astoria, NY 11106 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Fixed 4/28/2027 Zeroholding, LLC ,#, 11175 Cicero Dr., Alpharetta, GA 30022 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2032 Total Unguaranteed Non-Accrual SBA Investments Total Unguaranteed SBA Investments 

F-182 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

Alaska Industrial Paint LLC 1301 North Post Rd., Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2047 Clean Pro 1, LLC 385 Boston Post Rd, Orange, CT 06477 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2047 Happier Now LLC 724 Homestead Rd., La Grange Park, IL 60526 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2033 Evolving Nurse, LLC 2940 Noble Rd., Cleveland Heights, OH 44121 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2048 Little Angels Daycare and Learning Center LLC 4551 Summit Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2048 2900 N. 18th Street LLC / Bobby Morganstein Events 77 Buck Rd., Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/1/2048 Samson Cinema Holdings, Inc. 1400 Pile St., Clovis, NM 88101 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2048 Cold Stone Creamery 714 W Onstott Frontage Rd., Yuba City, CA 95991 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2033 Copper Rose LLC 550 Main St., Ste. 2, Edmonds, WA 98020 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 Moody's Hardware, LLC 22754 W 220 St., Springhill, KS 66083 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2048 Gun Guardian, LLC 1136 Brick Rd., Winter Garden, FL 34787 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 J LaMendola Physical Therapy PC 1100 Clove Rd. Ste. G-C, Staten Island, NY 10301 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2048 Fara Bender DMD PA 6169 Jog Rd Unit B-5, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2032 Eva Corp. dba Premier Martial Arts 200 S Quebec St., Denver, CO 50230 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2032 SGS Fit Bis LLC - Biscayne 777 BBrickell Ave., Miami, FL 33131 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2033 Mariposa Group - Yoga6 8131 Sawyer Brown Rd, Nashville, TN 37221 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2033 J A Fitness LLC 914- 948 Lee St, Jefferson, GA 30549 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2033 Daze Salon Suites LLC 1310 E Broadway Rd Ste. 102, Tempe, AZ 85282 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2033 Goshen House Trading LLC 4310 Pennwood Rd, Brentwood, MD 20722 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2048 Shea Grace Wellness LLC, dba Liquivida 18 Blyman Ct, Trenton, NJ 08690 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2033 Stevens Aviation Parts, LLC 1617 Freeman Mill Rd, Suffolk, VA 23438 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2048 Grudziena, Inc.dba Hotworx Surf City 112 Charlie Medlin Dr, Surf City, NC 28445 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2033 
 F-183 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Alkemy Ice Cream, LLC 260 Main St., Huntington, NY 11743 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2033 Anopitse Ventures LLC 8950 US-64, Lakeland, TN 38002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2033 Adil Ghumman -Cold Stone Creamery 4700 Freeport Blvd, Sacramento, CA 95822 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2033 Elexa Consumer Products 126 E Wing St Ste. 379, Arlington Heights, IL 60004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2032 BC Bishop Enterprises LLC dba 9Round Pooler 105-107 Grand Central Blvd, Pooler, GA 31322 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2028 NJ Floats Inc 327 Rte. 202/206, Bedminster Township, NJ 07921 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2046 Jones Roger Shermann Inn Inc. 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/4/2030 Rello Inc. 8063 Jericho Turnpike, Woodbury, NY 11797 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 2Choice2Friends LLC 901 W Braker Ln., Austin, TX 78758 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 NYM Solutions Inc. 12150 SW 128th St. CT Ste. 209, Miami, FL 33186 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2029 MCM Design LLC 5926 Vinings Vintage Way, Mableton, GA 30126 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 Still Photography 195 Ter. Pl., Apt. 2, Brooklyn, NY 11218 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2029 Archer Cleaners Inc. 1514 W. 33rd St., Chicago, IL 60608 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2029 Campuscuts LLC 930 Robtrice Ct, Edmond, OK 73430 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Port Diesel LLC 3212 Alex Trask Dr., Castle Hayne, NC 28429 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Menshka Inc. 88 High St., Montclair, NJ 07042 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/10/2029 Lawrence Adeyemo Co LLC 209-34 112 Ave, Queens Village, NY 11429 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 Gradstreet LLC 2437 Corinth Ave Apt 130, Los Angeles, CA 90064 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Crystal Clear Accounting 34099 Tuscan Creek Way, Temecula, CA 92592 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2029 Doghouse Sport Fishing Charters Inc. 83413 Overseas Hwy., Islamorada, FL 33036 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 No Push Back LLC 5405 Neshaminy Blvd, Bensalem, PA 19020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 Host Marketing LLC 206 Bell Ln., Ste. B, West Monroe, LA 71291 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2029 
 F-184 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Standard Real Estate Services LLC 500 West Silver Spring Dr., Ste. K 200,, Glendale, WI 53217 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2029 Bargain Store 107 Tabernacle Church Rd., Candor, NC 27229 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 Pine Mountain Residential LLC 10240 Cosmopolitan Cir., Parker, CO 80134 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2029 James Clark and Company Inc. 8885 Haven Ave., Ste. 120, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2029 Sean McNamara 5639 Wood Ln., Allentown, PA 18106 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 The Pinnacle Group 105 Springside Dr., Akron, OH 44333 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Standard Capital Corp. 2349 Wessington Dr., Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Scott s Hardware Inc 200 Tuckerton Rd., Medford, NJ 08055 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 HADD Corp 364 Rugby Rd., Cedarhurst, NY 11516 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2029 La Tradicion Cubana Inc. 9357 S.W. 40th St., Miami, FL 33165 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 All Modes Transportation and Logistics 4313 Collingtree Dr., Rockledge, FL 32955 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 Dearly Loved Counseling LLC 14052 N Dale Mabry Hwy., Ste. 215, Tampa, FL 33618 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Diane's Accounting Service 119 E Haywood St, England, AR 72046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Combs Creative LLC 157 Antler Ridge Cir.,, Nashville, TN 37214 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Travel with Love, LLC 8465 W Sahara Ave, Ste 111, Las Vegas, NV 89117 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Jamali LLC 2741 Raceway Fairfield West, Pensacola, FL 32503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 David Benson LLC 1422 Euclid Ave, Cleveland, OH 44115 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Vege Investments, LLC 26400 SW 177th Ave, Homestead, FL 33031 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 ASIL Ventures, LLC 4354 N Bell Ave, Apt G2,, Chicago, IL 60618 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2030 SPECTRUM DYNAMICS, INC 27727 Dalton Bluff Ct., Katy, TX 77494 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 KCL Business Service Inc 1042 San Fernando Rd., San Fernando, CA 91340 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 
 F-185 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Chris' Angels Cleanning Service LLC 2090 Dunwoody Club Dr., Sandy Springs, GA 30350 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Tiki Torch Liquors 101 Dallas St., Talihima, OK 74571 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Austen Felder Holdings 23642 Hwy. 25, Franklinton, LA 70438 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2031 Diamond Ridge Professionals 8629 Mesquite Cir., Magna, UT 84044 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2031 Centre for Autism Treatment 13090 Sundown Rd., Victorville, CA 92392 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2031 Andrew s Spotless Cleaning LLC 6003 Murnan Rd, Cold Spring, KY 41076 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Wild Thing Accounting Tax LLC 805 NE 190th Ave., Portland, OR 97230 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Wild Wellness LLC 151 Lake St., Lancaster, OH 43130 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Skypie Studio and Crafts LLC 933 Mary Ave, Opelousas, LA 70570 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Jazma Wise 110 Golden Pine Rd SW, Austell, GA 30168 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2031 uniguide Media LLC 105 Pearl St., Sausalito, CA 94965 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 Alima Mandiang 242 E. Claremont Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19120 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 Benevolent Family Services LLC 522 S Independence Blvd., Ste. 201, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 INB Enterprise LLC 7761 Diamondback Dr., College Park, MD 20742 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 Blasco Tire 960 Memorial Dr., Griffin, GA 30223 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Stephanie Doty 82 Diggins Dr., Folsom, CA 95630 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Lockett Trucking and Transport LLC 612 Colebridge Dr., Blacklick, OH 43004 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 RV Solar LLC 3442 E Bulk Ln., Oak Creek, WI 53154 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Foy Commerce LLC 1725 Park Ln. S, Ste. 2,, Jupiter, FL 33458 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2031 JERAGARDENS WEDDING RENTALS LLC 5842 South 1150 West, Ogden, UT 84405 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2031 Basha Home Improvements LLC 41 Van Houten Ave., Jersey City, NJ 07305 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 Tarun LLC DBA signature wine and liquor 325 South Limestone, Lexington, KY 40508 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 
 F-186 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 C4 Technologies Inc 171 C Ave., Ste. C, Coronado, CA 92118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/6/2031 Dennis Hair Studio Inc. 1566 Union Turnpike, New Hyde Park, NY 11040 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 East Side Muay Thai LLC 2135 General Booth Blvd, Virginia Beach, VA 23454 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2032 GAIA Inc. DBA Touchstone Real Estate Group 513 1st St, Cheney, WA 99004 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2032 Early Care Evolution 823 Roget Way, Lawrenceville, GA 30045 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2032 Lehigh Auto Sales and Service LLC 826 Hanover Ave, Allentown, PA 18109 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2032 Rella Rells Solutions LLC 15401 Delahunty Ln., Pflugerville, TX 78660 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Chantay Richards LLC 19800 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90503 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 
 SHIELD TRANSPORTATION INC. 9739 S Harlem Ave. Unit 3E, Chicago Ridge, IL 60415 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Designer Golf Scorecards 1014 US-19, Holiday, FL 34691 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 4/1/2032 Jon Pratt Carpentry 1405 Canton Ave, Milton, MA 02186 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/1/2032 Major's Service Repair 5329 Main Rd, Sweet Valley, PA 18656 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Jeremy's Handyman Service, LLC 319 Spring Ln, Destin, FL 32541 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 Royaltyzilla Associates LLC 40315 Michigan Ave #99, Canton, MI 48188 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2032 CARMEN STOCKING LLC 84122 Avendia Cedrus, Coachella, CA 92236 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2032 Johnson Racing Suspension 153 Northway Park Rd, Machesney Park, IL 61115 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Valley Remodel and repair LLC 1103 W Sam St, Kent, WA 98032 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 DA BUSINESS MANAGEMENT INC 6700 Tampa Ave, Reseda, CA 91335 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Ryno Resumes 1015 Grupp Rd., Des Peres, MO 63131 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2032 Blue Oaks Financial 5716 Lonetree Blvd, Rocklin, CA 95765 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2032 Semilla Baking Co LLC 2310 McDuffie St., Apt 7, Houston, TX 77019 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 Inner Light Healing 1025 Reynolds Rd., Johnson City, NY 13790 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 Originals and Organics LLC 1902 Sussex Ln., Colorado Springs, CO 80909 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2032 
 F-187 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Abundant Life Surrogacy 2716 Rose Hill St., Boise, ID 83705 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2032 The Feder Construction Company 14 Manor Dr., Monsey, NY 10952 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2032 Cordurouy LLC 665 Valley Dr., Hermosa Beach, CA 90254 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2032 EMC2 Mechanical Solutions LLC 10375 Plum Tree Cir, Hales Corners, WI 53130 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Blount Auto Market LLC 355 E Lanier Ave, Ste. N, Fayetteville, GA 30214 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 Hope Restored Counseling Services, PLLC 610 N Montana St, Dillon, MT 59725 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2032 ESG International, Inc. 8520 Allison Pointe Blvd, Indianapolis, IN 46250 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2032 Optimal Health Acupuncture 18840 SW Boones Ferry Rd, Tualatin, OR 97062 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2032 DRKSL LLC 127 E 59th St., 2nd Floor , Ste. 6, New York, NY 10022 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 Roam Overland Vehicles LLC 12308 NE 56th St., Ste. 1407, Vancouver, WA 98682 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2032 Grade A Computer Services LLC 3347 Wickham Ave, Bronx, NY 10469 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2032 ACES of Brevard 1430 Glendale Ave NW, Palm Bay, FL 32907 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2032 Scale Your Genius 90 Pearl St., Denver, CO 80203 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2032 Que Duong LLC 6 W. 126th St., Apt. 5F, New York, NY 10027 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 805 Transportation LLC 132 Easy St, Buellton, CA 93427 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2032 FOOTHILL FEED AND MERCANTILE, LLC 1330 GEIGER GRADE Rd., RENO, NV 89521 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 JMichelles 620 Windham St, Petersburg, VA 23803 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2032 MFT Solutions 110 E 43rd St., Apt 115, Boise, ID 83714 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2032 EDIA World LLC 3345 SW 67th Ave, Miami, FL 33155 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 Spend Less Store LLC 516 E Juanita Ave, Ste. 3, Mesa, AZ 85204 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Clean Air Lawn Care Austin NW 5404 Pendleton LN, Austin, TX 78723 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 Signature Nails 11505 NE Fourth Plain Blvd., Ste. F3, Vancouver, WA 98662 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2032 
 F-188 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 YDK Enterprise LLC 115 Mowbray Dr, Kew Gardens, NY 11415 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2032 Tocino Strategies LLC 7133 E Plata Ave, Mesa, AZ 85212 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Penny Almond, LPC, LLC 1401 Malvern Ave Ste 260, Hot Springs, AR 71901 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 GRIMES DAY CARE 5231 Oxford Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19124 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 Perfect Day NY LLC 384 Knickerbocker Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11237 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2032 JDT Pickup and Delivery Service LLC 2870 Gonzaga Ave, Richmond, CA 94806 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2032 SHY Beauty Inc. 5458 N Ashland Ave, Chicago, IL 60640 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 Viking Athletics 635 New Park Ave, West Hartford, CT 06110 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 Gyer Medical Billing 26210 Christen Canyon Ln, Richmond, TX 77406 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2032 Paris Woodhull Illustrations 112 S Gay St, Knoxville, TN 37902 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Art of Touch 4415 NE Sandy Blvd, Portland, OR 97213 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Westside Quick Services 9018 Cambridge Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55443 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 In This Moment Trucking LLC 142 walnut St., Kunkletown, PA 18058 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/5/2032 LED Unlimited, LLC 2604 San Eduardo, Mission, TX 78572 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 MoreHair City Salon LLC 412 Evans St., Ste. A, Morehead City, NC 28557 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 Modern Aesthetics 1350 Market St, Tallahassee, FL 32312 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/7/2032 WHOLEVEL LLC 13007 SW 68th Ter., Miami, FL 33183 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2032 Essence Day Spa 505 18th Ave N Unit B Apt. G, Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2032 Step by Step Speech Corporation 1400 NW 107th Ave, Ste. 306, Miami, FL 33172 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2032 White Caps Stewardship LLC 26040 Detroit Rd,Ste. #5, Westlake, OH 44145 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 Lusby Law, PA 2860 -A Ward Blvd,, Wilson, NC 27893 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 JJD Vending LLC 10950 SW 40th Ter., Miami, FL 33165 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2032 
 F-189 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Anita's Home LLC 3345 SW 67th Ave, Miami, FL 33155 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2032 Jaqueza Enterprises LLC 7901 4th St. North Ste. 300, ST. PETERSBURG, FL 33702 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 Royal Anvil 9918 Harwin Dr., Houston, TX 77036 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2032 South Shore Center For Electrolysis 1918 Bellmore Ave, Bellmore, NY 11710 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Anne Mccarthy Law PC 11 Broadway, Ste. 615, New York, NY 10004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Elite Construction 64 Nassau St., Islip Terrace, NY 11752 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2032 Cherish D Crown 164 Roundabout Ct, Rocky Mount, NC 27804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2032 Addiction 1272 78th St., Brooklyn, NY 11228 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2032 Arva Method LLC 516 N Ogden Ave,, Ste. 150, Chicago, IL 60642 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2032 MCM Global Ecom LLC 13007 SW 68th Ter., Miami, FL 33183 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 EJS Enterprises LLC 101 State Pl, Escondido, CA 92029 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Tarek Waly 2556 Snowtip LN, Grove City, OH 43123 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 Seeds of Hope Counseling LLC 168 Jail house Rd, Ackerman, MS 39735 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2032 C H Jewelry Pawn Shop LLC 11849 Hesperia Rd, Hesperia, CA 92345 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 Emerald Oglesby 2357 Warm Springs Rd., Columbus, GA 31904 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2032 Nava Awehs Holdings 19841 Villager Cir., Yorba Linda, CA 92886 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2032 RHC II Inc 2451 E Baseline Rd Ste. 100, Gilbert, AZ 85234 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2032 Imaginasium LLC 1357 S Normandy, Republic, MO 65738 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2032 Aero Medical Supply Inc 415 Argyle Rd., 3M, Brooklyn, NY 11218 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2032 Sherae A Thompson 915 Bowden Ave,, Chesapeake, VA 23323 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 Vitality Family Chiropractic LLC 1255 Johnson Ferry Rd,Ste. 26, Marietta, GA 30068 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2032 T K Bailey Enterprise LLC 14685 North County Rd. 175 E, Eaton, IN 47338 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2032 
 F-190 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Spoon Boyz Automotive 6500 1st Ave. S,, Birmingham, AL 35212 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2032 RAINFOREST REAL ESTATE 640 S Forks Ave #1021, Forks, WA 98331 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Barakel Corporation 1205 Pine Valley Ln, Titusville, FL 32780 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2032 Mashore Trucking LLC 414 Parkertown Rd, Troutman, NC 28166 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2032 VNB Business Brokers LLC 845 Third Ave., 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2032 Across the Bar Bartending Services and Rentals LLC 342 McGrady Rd. NE, Rome, GA 30165 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2032 Strumba Media LLC dba Miracle Noodle 10275 Collins Ave.,Ste. 1034,, Bal Harbour, FL 33154 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2032 25 DIALS LLC 4455 Earman Dr., Hilliard, OH 43026 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2032 Food Sales Midwest, LLC 908 Wolfrum Glen Ct., St Peters, MO 63304 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 A2Z Automation Group LLC 13007 SW 68th Ter., Miami, FL 33183 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2032 F5 Athletics LLC 1078 W 350 S, Syracuse, UT 84075 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2032 One love Jiu Jitsu 5255 S Decatur Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2032 Lily Bean Coffee 108 E Warren St, Shelby, NC 28150 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 T D ELECTRIC INC 4211 Smithsonia Ct,, Tucker, GA 30084 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Pickett Excavating, LLC 3958 Ky Hwy 1032 E, Berry, KY 41003 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 123 Go Daycare 2558 Creston Ave., Apt GRI, Bronx, NY 10468 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Poteat's Transmission Parts Inc. 1906 N Main St., Kannapolis, NC 28081 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2032 Trinity Property Management 606 E Chippewa St., Paola, KS 66071 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2032 Francisco Jose Cordovez 11113 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, FL 33181 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2032 Valentine Productions LLC 4-4382 Kuhio Hwy, Anahola, HI 96703 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2032 Yeren LLC 347 5th Ave, New York, NY 10016 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2032 Anna Marie's Fajita Shack LLC 411 Marywood Dr, Henderson, KY 42420 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2032 
 F-191 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Muller Miles Trucking LLC 14107 Newberry Grove Ln, Rosharon, TX 77583 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 MULDER'S LANDSCAPE SUPPLIES, INC. 3333 Ravine Rd, Kalamazoo, MI 49006 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2032 Images by Andrea Rae 3140 Black Oak Dr, Rocklin, CA 95765 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2032 GETTYSBURG CLEANER LLC 12 Springs Ave, Gettysburg, PA 17325 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 Wine 702 LLC 702 Bridgeport Ave, Shelton, CT 06484 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 The Studio Pilates LLC DBA Sultivate 468 S Main St, Cottonwood, AZ 86326 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2032 US Trusted Towing 1000 W. Horsetooth Rd., Fort Collins, CO 80526 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2032 Peggs Designs LLC 812 NE 16th St, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2032 GJS APPRAISAL SERVICES LLC 200 Hoover Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89101 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 CAN'T RANCH, LLC 2302 Henderson Way, Plant City, FL 33563 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 Ray s Big Top Tents, Inc. 1320 Belmar Dr, Louisville, KY 40213 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 Garrelts Glass 18018 SW Hopkins Switch Rd., Douglass, KS 67039 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2032 Mosley and Associates Consutling 491 Glendalough Pl SW, Atlanta, GA 30310 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2032 Post American Fine Art LP 1810 E Sahara Ave, Ste. 455, Las Vegas, NV 89104 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2032 Pricetone Entertainment LLC 3200 N San Fernando Blvd, Burbank, CA 91504 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2032 Blue Strategies Group LLC 4465 E Paradise Village Pkwy. S, Unit #1131, Phoenix, AZ 85032 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Brea Construction LLC 1420 N Cumberland St., Metairie, LA 70003 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Kelly Nicole Salon 931 W Liberty Dr., Wheaton, IL 60187 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 RDS Investments 19677 Grover St., Omaha, NE 68130 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2032 Matthew Paul DBA Cabinets Plus Refacing 16651 Shadyridge Dr, Tyler, TX 75703 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 Gold Lion Music Inc. 928 S. BROADWAY, Ste. 1002, Los Angeles, CA 90015 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2032 
 F-192 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Mike Judy Presents LLC 84 S Ridgewynd Ct, Lake Saint Louis, MO 63367 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 Thompson Family Firm, P.A. 1217 E Robinson St, Orlando, FL 32801 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2032 RP DEFENSE LAW, APC 16861 Ventura Blvd., Ste. 305, Encino, CA 91436 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2032 Kaitlyn Jeanne Salon 439 N West Rd., Lombard, IL 60148 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2032 JLS Electric Company LLC 956 English Hollow Dr, Bandera, TX 78003 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2032 Comungas Creations LLC 1628 Vermont Rte 125, Hancock, VT 05748 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 MLM worldwide lTD 15067 Encanto Dr., Sherman Oaks, CA 91403 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2032 The Aerial Loft LLC 267 Horton Hwy., Mineola, NY 11501 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2032 Special Events Staffing 1015 N Lake Ave, Ste. 205, Pasadena, CA 91104 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/1/2022 DANIELLE|TATE 347 Bianco Ridge Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89183 PPP Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2026 Total SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments 

F-193 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (4b) 

 MIT LLC ) 11 North Peach ST., Medford, OR 97504 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2042 Neville Galvanizing, Inc ) 2983 Grand Ave., Pittsburgh, PA 15225 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2042 The Country House Restaurant, LLC and Pelton Real Estate, LLC ) 677 US Rte. 7, Pittsford, VT 05763 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2042 CIS BIG DOG, LLC ) 8920 US HWY, 62 WEST, Cynthiana, KY 41031 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2027 Johnny's Boy LLC ) 127 East King St., Martinsburg, WV 25401 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2044 Destination Hope, Inc, TrilogyTreatment Wellness Center, Inc, The Ac ) 6555 NW 9th Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Clowers Trucking by Faith LLC ) 705 E Brookwood PL, Valdosta, GA 31601 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 Flex Beauty Labs LLC ) 6215 Donegal Dr, Orlando, FL 32819 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Beau HB Inc. dba Beau s Billard, Bowling Arcade ) 100 Village Rd., Port Lavaca, TX 77979 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2029 Savannah Area Language Culture Exchange, LLC ) 6 Dovetail Crossing, Savannah, GA 31419 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Moon Group, Inc. ) 145 Moon Rd, Chesapeake City, MD 21915 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Hackstaff Restaurants ) 248 W 1st. St. Ste 201, Reno, NV 89501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 SM CAR SALES ) 2340 Royal Ln.,, Dallas, TX 75229 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2032 2XP VENTURES LLC ) 4670 Azalea Dr, Naples, FL 34119 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2032 Total SBA Guaranteed Non-Accrual Investments Total SBA Guaranteed Investments Total SBA Unguaranteed and Guaranteed Investments 
 F-194 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Ownership or Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Controlled Investments (5) (22) 

 Automated Merchant Services, Inc. ,#) (7) (21) 12230 Forest Hill Blvd., Wellington, FL 33414 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Common Stock Own CDS Business Services, Inc. ,#) (8) 1985 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Common Stock Own Line of Credit Fixed Dec 2023 Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. (#) (6) 1904 W. Parkside Lane Phoenix, AZ 85027 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Common Stock Own Line of Credit Fixed Nov 2028 Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC ,#) (13) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Membership Interest Own PMTWorks Payroll, LLC ,#) (9) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own Small Business Lending, LLC ,#) (12) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own ADR Partners, LLC dba banc-serv Partners, LLC ,#) (19) 8777 Purdue Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46268 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC (#) (11) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own Mobil Money, LLC (#) (17) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own Newtek Business Lending, LLC (#) (10) 14 East Washington St., Orlando, FL 32801 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC (#) (18) (23) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Newtek TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP (#) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Titanium Asset Management, LLC ,#) (14) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Administrative and Support Services Membership Interest Own Excel WebSolutions, LLC ,#) (15) 888 East Brighton Ave. Syracuse, NY 13205 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own POS on Cloud, LLC (#) (20) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Fixed Sept 2023 Membership Interest Own Total Controlled Investments 
 F-195 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Ownership or Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Non-Control Investments (22) 

 EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC (+,#) (16) 1140 Reservoir Ave., Cranston, RI 02920 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Biller Genie Software, LLC (24) 3550 Biscyane Bivd Suite 704, Miami, FL 33137 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own 0 Total Non-Control Investments Total Investments 

# 
 + 
 (1) 
 (2) , with the exception of PPP loans. The SBA reimburses the Company for originating PPP loans and such SBA reimbursements are included as interest income on PPP loans. The 1 interest rate shown for PPP loans is the rate that would be in effect if the PPP loans were not forgiven by the SBA. See NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES. 
 (3) 
 (4a) 
 (4b) 
 (5) 
 F-196 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(6) owned by NBSH Holdings, LLC (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc., a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). International Professional Marketing, Inc. IPM and Sidco, LLC d/b/a Cloud Nine Services SIDCO were wholly-owned portfolio companies which consult, strategize, design, and implement technology solutions for enterprise and commercial clients across the U.S. On January 1, 2021, the Company contributed its ownership of IPM and SIDCO to NTS, and IPM and SIDCO became subsidiaries of NTS. In July 2021, IPM merged with and into NTS, with NTS as the surviving entity. The Schedule of Investments shows SIDCO under NTS. 
 (7) owned by Wilshire Partners, LLC (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.), owned by NewtekOne, Inc. 
 (8) owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.) and owned by Wilshire Holdings 1, Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (9) owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC, (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.), owned by Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.), and owned by Exponential Business Development Co., Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (10) owned by Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (11) owned by NBSH Holdings, LLC (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc., a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (12) owned by Newtek LSP Holdco, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. and Newtek Business Services Holdco 5, Inc., both subsidiaries of NewtekOne, Inc.). SBL provides third-party loan servicing for SBA and non-SBA loans, and provides lending institutions with outsourced solutions for the entire SBA lending process, including credit analysis, structuring and eligibility, packaging, closing compliance and servicing. In addition, SBL provides loan and servicing solutions to other parts of the Company s business finance platform. 
 (13) owned by Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (14) owned by Exponential Business Development Co., Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.), owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.) and owned by Wilshire New York Advisers II, LLC (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (15) owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.) 
 (16) 
 (17) owned by Newtek Business Services Holdco 4, Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (18) owned by Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.) and owned by Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC (a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (NASDAQ:TCPC)). Deemed an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 F-197 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(19) owned by Newtek LSP Holdco, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. and Newtek Business Services Holdco 5, Inc., both subsidiaries of NewtekOne, Inc.). 
 (20) owned by Newtek Business Services Holdco 3, Inc. (a subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc.) and owned by multiple non-affiliates. 
 (21) 
 (22) 
 (23) of total assets are non-qualifying assets. 
 (24) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the federal tax cost of investments was million resulting in estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of million and million, respectively. 

F-198 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 3815 Media, Inc. (#) 3201 Peachtree Corners Circle, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 Inspired Education 2 LLC dba Happy Days 2 (#) 221 Edinburg Rd, Mercerville, NJ 08619 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 3 Generations LLC (#) 2800 Baton Rouge Rd, Williamstown, KY 41097 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2032 Bright Horizons Preschool, LLC (#) 275 Enterprise Dr, Valdosta, GA 31601 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Hacienda Car Wash Inc. (#) 2400 S Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75087 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 The Queen Ready Mix, Inc. (#) 8702 Liberty Rd, Houston, TX 77028 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Happy Wheels Charter LLC (#) 4 Old Elm St., Salusbury, MA 01952 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Henry j Fishman MVPC (#) 2021 K St. Ste 400 NW, Washington, DC 20006 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Altitude Roofing LLC (#) 2909 N Tindle Blvd, Flagstaff, AZ 86004 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 CPH Milpitas LLC dba Curry Pizza House (#) 1806 Milmont Dr, Milpitas, CA 95035 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Lillie Mae's Place LLC (#) 57 Main St., East Haven, CT 06512 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Calderon Insurance Agency dba California Liberty Insurance (#) 5127 Franklin Blvd, #3, Sacramento, CA 95820 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Arclight Industries LLC (#) 340 Quail Run Rd,, Venetia, PA 15367 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Kosovar Corporation dba La Vista Ristorante Italiano (#) 355 Smith Ridge Rd, South Salem, NY 10590 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Mr. Electric of Anderson (#) 138 Dorchester St., Greenwood, SC 29646 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Clean Pro 1, LLC (#) 385 Boston Post Rd, Orange, CT 06477 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2047 RV Liquidation Center dba RV'S-4-Less (#) 984 W Shaw Ave, Clovis, CA 93612 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Eastern Aero Marine, Inc, dba EAM Worldwide (#) 5502 NW 37th Ave, Miami, FL 33142 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 High Q Automotive Consulting andRide 4 U LLC (#) 747 N State Rd 7, Plantation, FL 33317 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Champion Volleyball Club of Houston LLC (#) 19418 Pinehurst Trail Dr, Humble, TX 77346 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 NORTHCOMM LLC dba RFS Construction (#) 213 Cascade View Court, East Wenatchee, WA 98802 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Beyond the Numbers CPAs Inc (#) 1004 Lewis Ave, Billings, MT 59102 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 
 F-199 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Monticello Corporation dba Reid Super Save Market #3 and Millclem Cor (#) 600 Preston Ave, Charlottesville, VA 22903 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Pole Dance Carolinas LLC dba PoleFit Carolinas (#) 9826 Gilead Rd, C -200, Hunterville, NC 28078 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Salon Sora LLC and Frank Marino (#) 1675 North Military Trail, Boca Raton, FL 33433 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Nova Engineering Inc (#) 4373 Viewridge Ave, Ste A, San Diego, CA 92123 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Oh Crumb On!, Inc. (#) 57 East 3rd Ave, Spring Grove, PA 17362 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Hacienda Car Wash Inc. (#) 2400 S Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75087 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 The Dance Affair, Inc (#) 850 N Winchester Blvd, San Jose, CA 95128 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Unique Surveillance LLC and Fast Guard Service Worldwide, LLC (#) 925 South 21st Ave, Hollywood, FL 33020 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Lotus Care LLC (#) 14000 Sunfish Lake Blvd, NW, MN 55303 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Shieldcoat Technologies Inc (#) 308 Ellen Trout Dr, Lufkin, TX 75904 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2046 CS Concept Holdings, LLC and CS Holdings 409 South Main, LLC (#) 4350 Canada Rd, :, Lakeland, TN 38002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Freedom Construction LLC (#) 2897 E Massengale Rd, Shelbyville, IN 46176 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Alaska Demolition, LLC (#) 2817 Rampart Dr, Anchorage, AK 99501 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2046 Colorado Avocado LLC dba Toastique (#) 11590 Ridgeline Dr, Colorado Springs, CO 80921 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 The Beginning Zone (#) 13709 S. Wilkie Ave, Gardena, CA 90059 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 M-23 Mechanical Systems (#) 2974 Betsy Way, San Jose, CA 95133 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Nyssa Mercantile LLC (#) 119 Main St., Nyssa, OR 97913 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Nyssa Mercantile, LLC (#) 119 Main St., Nyssa, OR 97913 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 PKLoop Peer LLC (#) 1051 Kaylie St., Grand Prairie, TX 75052 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Sk8 House Virginia Beach LLC (#) 600 Lynnhaven Pkwy, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Riaz and Son Inc and Uddin Family Realty (#) 100-15 94th Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11416 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 
 F-200 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Outdoor Equipment Manufacturer, LLC (#) 3520 NW 51st St., Miami, FL 33142 Textile Product Mills Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 CNJ Services LLC (#) 5519 Ironhorse Rd, North Chesterfield, VA 23234 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 LDI Energy Services, LLC (#) 6519 103 West Ave, Tioga, ND 58852 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Mobile Bottling Source LLC (#) 611 Green Sage Way, las Vegas, NV 89138 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 C C Contracting (#) 10620 Southern Highlands Pkwy, Las Vegas, NV 89141 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Rana N. Hassan, M.D P.C (#) 71 Franklin Ave, Franklin Square, NY 11010 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Plantation Shutter Co Inc (#) 11704 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90275 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 The Handyman Clarksville, LLC (#) 2727 Union Hall Rd, Clarksville, TN 37040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Kinly Signs Corporation (#) 2485 County Rd 1, South Point, OH 45680 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Hallmark Enterprises LLC (#) 54 Furman Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 Scott Hollingsworth Equipment Company (#) 17621 Perkins Rd, Baton Rouge, LA 70810 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 BYC - La Quinta LLC dba Broken Yolk Cafe (#) 78430 CA-111, La Quinta, CA 92253 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 HHLM LLC (#) 535 Shawmut Ave, Boston, MA 02118 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 LDI Energy Services, LLC dba LDI Excavation (#) 6519 103 West Ave, Tioga, ND 58852 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 QUICK DROP IMPOUNDING, TOWING RECOVERY, INC (#) 2565 Lake Rockaway Rd SW, Conyers, GA 30012 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2046 Alaska Industrial Paint, LLC and Endeavor Properties LLC (#) 1301 North Post Rd, Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2047 Yours II Cosmetology Academy Inc (#) 1416 W Columbia Ave, Battle Creek, MI 49015 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2047 360 GRIP AND ELECTRIC LLC and Julien Janigo (#) 3500 Eagle Rock Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90065 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 Mercury Pharmacy Corporation (#) 480 Chadbourne Rd, Fairfield, CA 94534 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 Inobe LLC dba BLD2GO (#) 1146 W Buckeye Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85007 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2046 Lauren Taylor Beauty LLC dba Evolution Body Works (#) 195 E 4th St. Ste 10, Long Beach, CA 90802 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 Storm Trooper Transportation Corp (#) 2205 W Highland Ave, San Bernardino, CA 92407 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2031 
 F-201 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Storm Trooper Transportation Corp (#) 2205 W Highland Ave, San Bernardino, CA 92407 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2046 Robo-Breaking New York (#) 302A W 12th St, New York, NY 10014 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Regal Express Corporation (#) 4122 County Rd 516, Matawan, NJ 07747 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Nextstep Counseling Services, LLC (#) 1707 Linwood Dr, Paragould, AR 72450 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 First Lone Star Pharmacy Group II, LLC dba Trinity Pharmacy (#) 1925 East Rosemeade Pkwy, Carrollton, TX 75007 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2046 Vidya Technologies LLC (#) 2509 George Mason Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Theramove Diagnostics LLC (#) 110 West Rd, Towson, MD 21204 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 First Lone Star Pharmacy Group LLC (#) 6901 Preston Rd, Dallas, TX 75205 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Unlimited Investors Group, Inc. (#) 252 Aster Place, Hampstead, NC 28443 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Northern Steel and Concrete, LLC, a Pennsylvania LLC,Northern Steel an (#) 18 Hillcrest Lane, Willingboro, NJ 08046 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Ponce Ponce, Inc (#) 3015 NW 74th Ave, Miami, FL 33122 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 SoCal Propane LLC (#) 220 N San Jacinto St., Hemet, CA 92543 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 LA TAQUERIA INC (#) 10 Greenwich Ave, GREENWICH, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2032 Venture Coffee Company, LLC dba Venture Roastery (#) 13406 W Center Dr, Lakewood, CO 80228 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Maxwell, Hendry Simmons LLC (#) 1619 Jackson St., Fort Myers, FL 33901 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 MR3 LLC dba dba Union Fence (#) 1340 Hartford Ave, Johnston, RI 02919 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 Logo Concepts LLC (#) 1265 W 1275 North #2, Centerville, UT 84014 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Leedann Properties LLC (#) 534 Mill St SE, Gainesville, GA 30501 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 Brooker Construction LLC dba Sampson Tree Service (#) 2170 SW Conant Ave, Port St. Lucie, FL 34953 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 VENDALL VENTURES LLC (#) 25027 South Interstate, WaKeeney, KS 67672 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 Invisishield, L.L.C (#) 6120 Louetta Rd, Houston, TX 77379 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Techbee LLC dba TechBee Solutions (#) 4900 Hopyard Rd, Pleasanton, CA 94588 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 
 F-202 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Milson Restaurants LLC dba El Chico Granbury (#) 1151 E US Hwy 377, Ste #110, Granbury, TX 76048 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 LGB Tax and Accounting LLC dba Loretta GriefBarbaro EA (#) 2944 Valentine Pl, Wantagh, NY 11793 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2046 SEC LLC (#) 4470 Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90027 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 JMJ Sales Group LLC (#) 210 S. Linn Ave.,, Wentzville, MO 63385 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Sivalingam Medical Corporation, Inc dba First Valley Medical Group (#) 44725 10th St W, Ste 210, Lancaster, CA 93534 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Pool Logic Design and Construction Inc (#) 277 W Allen Ave, San Dimas, CA 91773 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Throop Family Holdings Inc dba Rogue Metal Supply (#) 7130 Crater Lake Hwy, White City, OR 97503 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Empowering Families Educational Services (#) 504 W Baseline Rd, STE A, Glendora, CA 91740 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2031 Christopher C Copeland PA (#) 8331 SE Royal St., Hobe Sound, FL 33455 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 Avtek Integration Services, Inc (#) 4733 122nd Ave N., Unit E, Pinellas Park, FL 33762 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 The Great Gatsby Motel Inn Corporation (#) 214 County Hwy 152, Northville, NY 12134 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2046 TSM New Beginnings (#) 8850 W Sunset Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89148 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Aqua Salon and Spa LLC (#) 6730 Post Rd, North Kingston, RI 02852 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2046 Quandry Enterprises LLC dba Twinkle Toes Nanny (#) 1600 E Sunrise Blvd, Fort. Lauderdale, FL 33304 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Good Fortune Supermarket (Rhode Island) Corp (#) 101 Cadillac Dr, Providence, RI 02907 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Cooks BBQ Products dba Cooks International (#) 7 World Trade Center, New York, NY 10006 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2031 Erin Dewey dba Castle Rock Bakery (#) 160 Huntington Ave, Ste A B, Castle Rock, WA 98611 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 First Choice Brokerage Corporation First Choice Strategies LLC First (#) 822 A1A N, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 CTS MANAGEMENT USA INC (#) 17 Marion Ave, Franklin Park, NJ 08823 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 East Nashville Barre Fitness LLC dba Neighborhood Barre Green Hills (#) 3310 Gallatin Pike, Nashville, TN 37216 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 Corporate Tax Services, Inc. (#) 1250 Broadway 36th Floor, New York, NY 10001 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 
 F-203 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Nicholas Peter Berry dba Nick Berry Production Lighting (#) 1081 Hayes Ave, San Diego, CA 92103 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 Smart Wired Services LLC (#) 123 McCreary Rd, New Brighton, PA 15066 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2031 Sky s The Limit Yoga Company (#) 115 W 25TH St, Norfolk, VA 23517 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 EBG Re-Sell (#) 26943 Ruether Ave, Santa Clarita, CA 91351 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 BGF Bobby Q's Inc (#) 365 W Sunrise Hwy, Freeport, NY 11520 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2047 IV Therapy Management (#) 2 Sears Dr, Paramus, NJ 07652 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2032 Lloyd Hardware LLC (#) 2319 W. Court St., Janesville, WI 53548 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2031 Momentum Metal Finishing, Inc. (#) 1286 Anvilwood Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2047 Grazin Foods LLC dba Graze Craze (#) 12800 South Memorial Dr, Stes A1 and A2, Bixby, OK 74008 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Phillips Rental RV, LLC (#) 5827 Stanida Circle, Holladay, UT 84121 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Nonnos Ice Cream Shoppe Inc (#) 270 Seabury St., Fall River, MA 02720 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2046 ANR Insulation , LLC dba King Insulation (#) 25 N 47th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85043 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Blooms Pharmacy LLC (#) 16347 Middlebelt Rd, Livonia, MI 48154 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2031 Stehlik Service and Tire INC (#) 2410 N Powers Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80915 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2046 Suha Signs LLC dba Signaramaa (#) 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2032 Suha Restaurants LLC dba The Great Greek Grill (#) 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 Railhead, Inc (#) 13800 Coppermine Rd, Herndon, VA 20171 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2031 Suha Promotions LLC dba Fully Promoted (#) 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2032 NEW FRONTIER INSURANCE AGENCY OF FORT CALHOUN, INC (#) 510 North 14th, Fort Calhoun, NE 68023 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2031 World Diamond Source, Inc (#) 2987 Center Port Circle, Stes 4 5, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2031 
 F-204 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Myoung Lee Inc (#) 10251 Little Brier Creek Lane, Ste 106, Raleigh, NC 27617 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2031 Freedom Toast LLC dba Sunrise Diner (#) 401 N Atlantic Ave, Ocean City, MD 21842 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2031 Broadway Ethos Holdings, LLC (#) 218 Elizabeth St, East Jordan, MI 49727 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2046 Clean Energyz LLC (#) 881 Alma Real Dr, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2046 Foster the Community LLC (#) 13451 and 13453 Fishhawk Blvd, Riverview, FL 33569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2032 Wilcompute (#) 200 W Pondera Ave, Lancaster, CA 93534 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2046 Cali Weights LLC (#) 650 Pressley Rd, Charlotte, NC 28217 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2031 Sweet Pink s Creamery LLC dba Sweet Charlies (#) 391 Quill Dr, Dawsonville, GA 30534 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2031 Atomic Dog LLC dba Jack's Hard Cider (#) 1865 Gettysburg Village Dr, Unit 5, Gettysburg, PA 17325 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2031 Alley Taco 402, LLC dba Alley Taco 402 (#) 2002 Missouri Ave, Omaha, NE 68107 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2046 Mudshark Studios, LLC (#) 1930 NE Oregon St, Portland, OR 97232 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2031 Patsy McCraken (#) 514 E Main St., Henryetta, OK 74437 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2031 BB's Childcare, LLC dba Brilliant Brains Learning Center (#) 7076 Blondo St., Omaha, NE 68104 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 Pinnacle Pools, Inc (#) 20442 Palomar St., Wildomar, CA 92595 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2032 HMG Strategy, LLC (#) 55 Post Rd West, Westport, CT 06880 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 Reliance Healthcare Services LLP dba Always Best Care Senior Services (#) 1101 Kings Hwy N, Cherry Hill, NJ 08034 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 LEBAT Properties, LLC (#) 6418 N New Braunfels Ave, San Antonio, TX 78209 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2031 Cliff's Motor Inn, LLC (#) 4785 Saint Leonard Rd, Saint Leonard, MD 20685 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2046 Metalhouse LLC (#) 4705 S. Apopka Vineland Rd, Orlando, FL 32819 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2031 RECS LLC dba Richmond Express (#) 1804 Dabney Rd, Richmond, VA 23230 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 Carolina Decompression and Physical Therapy LLC (#) 11618 US Hwy 70 W, Ste 106, Clayton, NC 27520 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 
 F-205 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Ryan M. White dba Precision Engraving and Signs (#) 2419 Heather Ave, Long Beach, CA 90815 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 Pro Source Services, Inc dba Pro Source Services (#) 6970 Wallis Rd, West Palm Beach, FL 33413 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 CDM Field Services, Inc. dba Xcite Automotive (#) 328 South Jefferson St., Chicago, IL 60661 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2031 Poquoson Law Group, P.C.and Holcomb Solutions, LLC (#, 720 Roger Brown Dr, Newport News, VA 23602 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2046 Ascent Holdings LLC and First Ascent, LLC (#, 3516 N Spaulding Ave, Chicago, IL 60618 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2032 The Four Star Ranch, LLC (#, 238 Oak St, Medford, NY 11763 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2046 L.O.T Early Learning Center LLC (#, 650 NW 183rd St, Miami, FL 33169 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2031 Just Teazzin L.L.C. (#, 4815 E Main St., Mesa, AZ 85205 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2046 JMH GROUP, LLC dba Hotworx Studio (#) 13435 University Ave, Clive, IA 50325 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2032 LR Greenview LLC dba Teaspoon (#) 2977 Ygnacio Valley Rd, Unit 2977, Pleasant Hill, CA 94523 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/24/2032 POLARIS BARRE LLC dba PURE BARRE POLARIS (#, 1513 Gemini Place, Columbus, OH 43240 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2031 Runyaro Richardson dba Self Made Musicnaire (#, 14855 Memorial Dr, Houston, TX 77079 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2031 J Lan CPA Inc (#, 12225 South St, Artesia, CA 90701 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 The Piano Outlet, Inc. (#, 3775 NW 124th Ave, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Edenburg Hospitality Inc (#, 2750 SW 145th Ave, Ste 304, Miramar, FL 33027 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Southern Latitude Charters LLC (#, 425 N. Osprey Ave, Sarasota, FL 34236 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Alpine Rings, LLC (#, 2040 Independence Commerce Dr, Matthews, NC 28105 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2031 Those Guys Fitness LLC. (#, 2850 Main St., Ste 104, Mesa, AZ 85213 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 Cause of a Kind, LLC (#, 3989 Long Beach Rd, Island Park, NY 11558 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 Flener IP Law, LLC (#, 77 West Washington St. Ste 800, Chicago, IL 60602 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 OneCare Health-Advanced Practice Health Wellness Corp (#, 97 Port Richmond Ave, Staten Island, NY 10302 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2031 
 F-206 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Gerland Investments, Inc dba Premier Martial Arts (#) 12611 I-10 West, Ste 102, San Antonio, TX 78230 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 Barahona Plumbing LLC (#, 2789 Jefferson Davis Hwy, Unit 107, Stafford, VA 22554 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2046 Pho 99 III Vietnamese Restaurant LLC (#) 3151 Route 27, Unit K, Franklin Park, NJ 08846 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 Sudha Spirit LLC dba Cork Shop (#) 317 East Main St., Branford, CT 06405 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 Double Scoop Ice Cream Cascade LLC (#, 2970 Stonecrest Pass, Stonecrest,, GA 30038 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2046 M M Liquidation (#, 16 Millstone, Irvine, CA 92606 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 New Magnolia Garden Center, Inc (#, 9620 Chicago Ridge Mall, Chicago Ridge, IL 60609 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 BECCS BROWS LLC (#, 3950 Long Beach Blvd, Ste 203, Long Beach, CA 90807 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2046 Ryshaan LLC dba Fyzical Therapy and Balance Center (#) 3780 Riverchase Village, Ste 900, Hoover, AL 35244 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2032 Kouklet LLC (#, 744 South St., Philadelphia, PA 19147 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2031 IVF Cryo LLC (#, 12526 Promise Creek Lane (Building 3), Unit 326, Fishers, IN 46038 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2046 JJBen, Corporation dba Benson Crane Service (#, 437 Route 212, Saugerties, NY 12477 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Donald Wells Consulting Co (#, 2347 Bright Meadows, Missouri City, TX 77489 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Guardian Cyber Solutions, LLC (#, 14011 Hollow Crest Place, Riverview, FL 33579 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 West Ballantyne Animal Hospital PLLC (#, 11926 Providence Rd W, Charlotte, NC 28277 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Rex Regum Incorporated dba Mr. Electric of Concord CA (#, 3737 Parkmall Court, Concord, CA 95419 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Caroline Cecil Textiles, LLC (#, 3834 N 35th Place, Phoenix, AZ 85018 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Dayo J. Jones dba DayoSense (#, 2306 South Eddy St., Seattle, WA 98108 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2031 Brevard Water Systems Sales Services Inc (#, 3101 US-1, Mims, FL 32754 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2031 EKGolf Inc (#, 10890 Douglas Ave, Urbandale, IA 50322 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2031 Reset Cryotherapy LLC (#, 1220 20th St, Miami Beach, FL 33139 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2031 Uniglobal Pension Planning Inc (#, 4114 Legato Rd, Fairfax, VA 22033 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2031 
 F-207 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Casablanca Floral Studio (#, 106 Ram Cat Alley, Seneca, SC 29678 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2031 Ghioni Tax Accounting Solutions, LLC (#, 958 NE Kelly Ave, Gresham, OR 97030 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 Colin Forde DDS PC dba Family Cosmetic Dental Design (#, 7520 Montgomery Blvd NE Bldg C, Albuquerque, NM 87109 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2046 Georgia Two-Way Inc (#, 1206 GA Hwy 30 West, Americus, GA 31719 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 Exit Strategies, LLC dba Spa Society (#, 500 Ave at Port Imperial, Ste E, Weehawken, NJ 07086 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 Jay Kalimai LLC (#, 310 S Robinson Dr, Waco, TX 76706 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2046 Kebab Daddy Inc (#, 3701 Ocean View Blvd. A-3, Montrose, CA 91020 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2031 Cresson-Inn Bar Grille, Inc. (#, 114 Gay St., Manayunk, PA 19127 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2046 US Ideal Diamond Cutting Works Inc (#, 5757 Alpha Rd,Ste 502, Dallas, TX 75240 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 New Generation Products LLC (#, 5013 Pacific Hwy E, Fife, WA 98424 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 The Loyal Subjects Wave 2, LLC (#, 144 West Washington Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90007 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 Bofill's Barbeque LLC (#) 15159 South Cicero Ave, Oak Forest, IL 60452 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2047 Codame Enterprises LLC dba Firehouse Subs #142 (#, 1547 Main St., Dunedin, FL 34698 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2031 Sargas Pharmaceutical Adherence Compliance Intl, LLC (#, 109 H St., Bakersfield, CA 93304 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2046 Solo Creer LLC dba DoodyCalls (#, 13096 County Rd 192, Tyler, TX 75703 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 Branded Goods LLC (#, 1975 Stirling Rd, Stes A, B, and C, Davie, FL 33004 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 ORCHID ENERGY SOLUTIONS (#, 3662 Clyde Park Ave SW, Wyoming, MI 49509 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2031 LA SCAPES LLC (#, 1812 Portview Dr, Spring Hill, TN 37174 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2031 Michelle Rianne Turney dba The Collective Salon Suites (#, 809 Frolich Dr, Midwest City, OK 73110 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/8/2032 The Soda Spot LLC (#, 7240 W. Azure Rd, Ste #105, Las Vegas, NV 89130 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2032 Ricky W. Kent dba VT-Doors-N-More (#, 49 Mill Rd, Mount Tabor, VT 05739 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2046 
 F-208 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Ecuadane, Inc. (#, 9 Windsor Court, Purchase, NY 10577 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Top Knot Studio, LLC dba Goldenrod Parlor (#, 220 NW 8th Ave, Ste 40, Gainesville, FL 32601 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Sivalingam Medical Corporation, Inc dba First Valley Medical Group (#, 44725 10th St W, Ste 210, Lancaster, CA 93534 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Bettencourt Flying Service, Inc. (#, 1066 South Bert Crane Rd, Atwater, CA 95301 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 ECOCOSM, INC. (#, 201 Spear St., San Francisco, CA 94105 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 New Mexico Rey LLC (#, 3520 Pan American Fwy NE, Albuquerque, NM 87107 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Paul Genzink LLC dba VSBL (#, 1332 Pinegrove NW, Grand Rapids, MI 49504 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/5/2031 Square One Step LLC (#) 10710 Barker Cypress Rd, Ste B, Cypress, TX 77433 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/4/2032 Wiser ID LLC (#, 26 Twin Oaks Dr, Nashville, TN 37211 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2031 INE Incorporated dba Juice It Up Colton (#) 1040-1100 S. Mt. Vernon Ave, Riverside, CA 92507 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2032 Finally Pest Control, LLC (#, 12118 Sellerton Dr, Fishers, IN 46037 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2031 LoCo Apparel LLC (#, 2201 Long Prairie Rd, Unit 107-314, Flower Mound, TX 75022 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Gin Ray International LLC (#, 8776 8778 NE Sandy Blvd, Portland, OR 97220 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2046 MDx BioAnalytical Laboratory, Inc (#, 5890 Imperial Loop Dr. Ste 12, College Station, TX 77845 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 CPH Fremont South LLC CPH Palato , CPH Palo Alto, CPH Cupertino (#, 46703 Mission Blvd, Fremont, CA 94539 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 HI5 HOME INNOVATION, LLC (#, 9187 Holliston Creek Place, Winter Garden, FL 34787 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Half-Pass Ltd dba Canterbury Tack Apparel (#, 1291 West 137th Court, Broomfield, CO 80023 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 JMC Auto,LLC (#, 644 Southfield Rd, Lincoln Park, MI 48146 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Arcas Machine Inc. (#, 700 N Neely St., Gillbert, AZ 85233 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Cortlandt Racquet Club, Inc. dba (#, 2127 Albany Post Rd, Montrose, NY 10548 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2046 Pride Gymnastics Academy, LLC (#, 7801 Old Hwy 51, Broken Arrow, OK 74014 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 
 F-209 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 100 Permanent Inc. (#, 1315 N Larrabee, Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Idiot Racing LLC dba Idiot Racing (#, 13701 Sweetwater Cove Place, Tampa, FL 33613 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 La Cueva Inc (#, 9742 E Colfax Ave, Aurora, CO 80010 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2046 Potato Bros, LLC dba Crumbl Cookies Chicago Old Town (#) 1435 N Wells St., Chicago, IL 60610 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 Kedai Indonesian Cafe (#) 110 S Mountain Ave, Upland, CA 91786 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 High Street Technologies LLC and Merchant Connections LLC (#, 6331 Paris Ave, New Orleans, LA 70122 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2031 Love at First Bite LLC dba Standlee's (#, 880 Blackwood Rd, Chula Vista, CA 91910 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2031 UnVeil Media Group LLC (#, 2251 Stone Pile Dr, Concord, NC 28025 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2031 Healthcare At Home LLC (#, 5243 Snapfinger Woods Dr, Unit #104, Decatur, GA 30035 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2046 Jason Watt Pictures, LLC (#, 110 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11249 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2031 By Modern Design LLC (#, 1436 Luz De Sol Dr, El Paso, TX 79912 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2031 Owkalasho LLC dba The UPS Store 299 (#, 3755 Avocado Blvd, La Mesa, CA 91941 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2031 Right Choice Accounting Solutions, LLC (#, 3210 Royal Creek Way, Lilburn, GA 30047 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2031 Sabri Enterprises, Inc. (#, 11134 Hoffman Dr, Germantown, MD 20876 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 M P_CAL, LLC dba Hotworx Anaheim Hills (#) 8086 East Santa Canyon Rd, Anaheim, CA 92808 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2032 
 Tucker Management Group, LLC (#, 115 Tyler Rd, Remlap, AL 35133 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 ProBio Search Career Services Corporation (#, 735 County Line Rd, Villanova, PA 19085 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 Kynytyx, Inc. (#) 990A Station Rd, Bellport, NY 11713 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2032 Alicia A. Oswald dba Elevated Chiropractic (#, 3555 Kenyon St., San Diego, CA 92110 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 Voyager Scientific, LLC (#, 309 Washington St., Conshohocken, PA 19428 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2031 Simply Appliances, Inc. (#, 1811 Douglas Blvd., Ste 5, Roseville, CA 95611 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2031 
 F-210 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Premiere, Inc (#, 615 North Landry Dr, New Iberia, LA 70563 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2031 Big Creek Travel LLC (#, 5020 Chase Lane, Cumming, GA 30240 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/19/2031 Balanced Health Fitness LLC dba F45 NW Reno (#) 5110 Mae Anne Dr, Ste 702, Reno, NV 89521 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2032 J L Naturals LLC (#, 110 Oakpark Dr, Mooresville, NC 28115 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 LN Accounting Advisor LLC (#, 3663 Washington Ave, Houston, TX 77007 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 Barber's Home Innovations LLC (#, 3287 Enisgrove Dr E, Palm Harbor, FL 34683 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 Blue 360 Media, LLC (#, 2750 Rasmussen Rd, Park City, UT 84098 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2031 Skate-A-While Longer, LLC (#, 220 Ridge St. and 229 South George St., Rome, NY 13440 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2046 Symmonds, LLC dba North End Tavern (#, 914 IA-5 Business North, Pleasantville, IA 50225 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2046 A D Enterprise Inc dba FastFrame (#, 4150 Legacy Dr, Ste 412, Frisco, TX 75034 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2031 Mary Rozzi LLC (#, 52153 Pipes Canyon Rd #552, Pioneertown, CA 92268 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2031 Bella Ottica LLC dba Eyes on Towne Lake (#, 1075 Buckhead Crossing, Ste 130, Woodstock, GA 30189 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/12/2031 Mitchell Authentic Inc RockBox Fitness (#) 4880 Lower Roswell Rd, Marietta, GA 30068 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2032 Jed Thomas Consulting, Inc dba Woggle Consulting (#, 3 Trackside Dr, Kennebunk, ME 04043 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Agape R. E. Solutions LLC (#, 33 Market Point Dr, Greenville, SC 29607 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Because it's Better Inc (#, 84 Stonecrest Rd, Ridgefield, CT 06877 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Shattered Prism LLC (#, 63 Flushing Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2031 Be Known, LLC (#, 802 Evolve Way, Knoxville, TN 37915 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 Angels Learning Center Inc,Hector A. Velasquez,Milene A. Velasquez,Mil (#, 2801 Central Ave, Union City, NJ 07087 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 Greylab LLC dba Mighty Dog Roofing North DFW (#, 10215 El Cinco Dr, Frisco, TX 75033 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 SIDCOR Gunsmithing LLC (#, 3213 Catalpa Dr, Springfield, IL 62712 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2031 
 F-211 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Kotyark L.L.C.dba Gibsonton Motel (#, 11545 US Hwy 41 S, Gibsonton, FL 33534 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2031 Krown Records, LLC (#, 5311 S Big Horn Pl, Chandler, AZ 85249 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2031 Backoffice Ally LLC dba Satterley Accounting Services (#, 70 Raynham Ave, Portsmouth, RI 02871 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/4/2031 The Gold Standard Accounting Tax Inc (#, 4911 Warner Ave Ste 211, Huntington Beach, CA 92649 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2032 LOVEBUG NUTRITION Inc (#, 115 E 34th St., New York, NY 10156 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Skaggs RV Outlet, LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr, Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 New Greater Generation Family Funeral Group, LLC (#, 1400 N Hampton Rd, DeSoto, TX 75115 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Orchard Collision, Inc (#, 14898 Telegraph Rd, Redford, MI 48239 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Centre Storage and Matthew Wayne Vines (#, 1650 Clarence E Chesnut Jr Bypass, Centre, AL 35960 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Great II, LLC (#, 4390 Commerce Circle, Idaho Falls, ID 83401 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Champion's Florida LLC Market Vision Holdings, LLC (#, 1360 NW 88th Ave, Doral, FL 33172 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Lively's Collision, Center LLC (#, 5115 Jefferson Davis Hwy, North Augusta, SC 29841 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Tony D's Hooked, LLC (#) 378 Rope Ferry Rd aka Mago Point Way, Waterford, CT 06385 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Great II, LLC (#) 142 WA-150, Chelan, WA 98816 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 WALKING URGENT CARE, INC (#, 10308 W Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Faxon Enterprises Inc (#, 3107 Nichols Ave, Bay City, TX 78259 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Coast 2 Coast Restoration LLC,Coast 2 Coast Real Estate LLC Coast 2 (#, 3505 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2046 Timothy A Chapamn dba Tim's Auto Tech (#, 62 North Canal St., Oxford, NY 13830 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 OSSA LLC (#, 300 Iberia St., Youngsville, LA 70503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Garage Floor Coating of MN.com, LLC (#, 6701 W 23rd St, Minneapolis, MN 55426 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 
 F-212 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC, a Florida Liimited Liability Company A (#, 2301 N Marginal Rd, Cleveland, OH 44114 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2031 Motion Physical Medicine Wellness, PLLC (#, 13100 Wortham Center Dr, Houston, TX 77065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 Pueblo Canyon, LLC, Matthew Benjamin Allen and Elizabeth Kelly Allen (#, 199 SAN ILDEFONSO Rd, LOS ALAMOS, NM 87544 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 Nidal Radwan, M.D., P.A (#, 18100 N.E. 19th Ave, North Miami Beach, FL 33162 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Daring Business Strategies Inc. (#, 600 Front St., Lynden, WA 98264 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 TRI-COUNTY SERVICES, INC. and Andrew M Chehata (#, 4900 SW 51st St., Davie, FL 33314 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Agerton Timber LLC and Agerton Transportation, LLC (#, 3166 Aurelle Rd, Strong, AR 71765 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Norma Skin Care and SPA LLC (#, 3364 Coral Way, Miami, FL 33145 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Chris Landscaping Inc dba New England Tree Co. (#, 1139 Washington St., Stoughton, MA 02072 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Jafar and Jamal, Inc dba Foodland ; IMAD Corporation (#) 11 Highland Ave, Malden, MA 02148 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2032 Prestige Products of Central Florida, Inc dba Milcarsky's Appliances (#, 1180 Emma Oaks Trail, Lake Mary, FL 32746 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Metro of Livernois Inc (#) 17149 Livernois, Detroit, MI 48221 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2047 Group Vertical, LLC dba Group Vertical (#, 678 Front Ave Northwest, Grand Rapids, MI 49504 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2031 Creche N Crew, LLC (#, 3185 West Ward Rd, Dunkirk, MD 20754 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 SoCal Propane LLC (#, 220 N San Jacinto St, Hemet, CA 92543 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 NMFM Consulting, LLC (#, 3636 Lake Ave, Wilmette, IL 60091 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2046 JRBA Inc dba Bulger True Value (#, 1185 W Santa Fe St, Olathe, KS 66061 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 Cj Real Estate Partners LLC (#) 1800 E Palm Ave, Tampa, FL 33605 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2047 Art Food Attitude Inc. dba Bamboo Leaf Thai Eatery (#, 724 Main St., Bradley Beach, NJ 07720 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 Catching Fish LLC dba Man Overboard Bait and Tackle (#, 1825 S. Patrick Dr, Ste B, Harbour Beach, FL 32937 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 Teaghlach Firearms LLC dba TFirearms (#, 117 S. Main St., Altus, OK 73526 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2031 
 F-213 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 LuLu Kingdom LLC (#, 18 S. 20th St., Philadelphia, PA 19103 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2032 Strong Tower 10933, Inc. (#, 15530 NW US Hwy 441, Alachua, FL 32615 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 Coast to Coast Auto Sales Incorporated (#, 9200 E 131 St St., Fishers, IN 46038 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 C.D.A. Serviceability Trust Inc (Co-Borrower) (#) 4501 6th Ave, Tacoma, WA 98406 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2046 Coast to Coast Carmel Corporation dba Coast To Coast Collection (#, 9450 N Aronson Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46240 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 Momentum Metal Finishing Inc. (#, 1286 Anvilwood Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2046 Daisi Inc. (#, 10300 West Charleston Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89135 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 Michael Risoldi's Auto Repair Inc. (#, 1435 Woodlane Rd, Eastampton, NJ 08060 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2031 D M Properties, LLC (#, 2600 Coon Rapids Blvd Nortwest, Coon Rapids, MN 55433 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Rightworks Staffing Inc. (#, 1201 Kenwood Ave, Austin, TX 78704 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Ben Anderson 365 (#, 9920 Research Dr, Irvine, CA 93108 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Gateway Auto Service and Collision #2 Inc (#, 1205 South 8th Ave, Maywood, IL 60153 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2046 3-2-1 Go LLC dba Burgerz and Ballz (#, 868 Fulda Ave NW, Palm Bay, FL 32907 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Taurus Legacy, LLC dba Papas Diner (#, 626 FL-50, Clermont, FL 34711 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Mag Auto Group Inc dba MAG Motor Company (#, 1890 North Main St., Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Great Dog Products for Great People LLC dba Royal Frenchel (#, 13207 Squawwood Lane SE, Rainier, WA 98576 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Forays, Ltd dba Northern Comfort (#, 2800 N. Lagoon Dr, Wasilla, AK 99654 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2046 RightTalents LLC (#) 639 Passaic Ave, Nutley, NJ 07110 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Teach 2 Teach Music Lessons, LLC (#) 184 Marshall Hill Rd, West Milford, NJ 07480 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 Black Market Restaurant Group Inc. dba Black Market Meal Prep (#) 29941 Aventura, Ste K, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2032 USA Security Services Corporation (#) 844 Hebron Ave, Glastonbury, CT 06033 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2031 
 F-214 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Vincent Remodeling, LLC (#, 4667 Riverbend RdTrussville, Trussville, AL 35173 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2031 Quinn da Matta Productions LLC (#, 2155 Outpost Dr, Los Angeles, CA 90068 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2031 MDJ Chiropractic PC (#, 18009 Jamaica Ave, Jamaica, NY 11432 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2031 Udder Free Only, LLC (#, 3603 Vinton Ave Unit 205, Los Angeles, CA 90034 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2031 Oui Pastry LLC (#, 1905 Scenic Hwy N #10000b, Snellville, GA 30078 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Phillips Diesel Service LLC (#, 4150 S 32nd St W, Muskogee, OK 74401 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2046 Goode Tax and Resolution, LLC (#, 2527 Standifer Place, Lanham, MD 20706 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Preston E. Jones dba Tiny Homer (#, 62361 Mary Miller Ave, Homer, AK 99603 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Hurricane Beauty LLC (#) 1110 vandon loop, Berlin, NJ 08009 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2031 Radiator Fans Unlimited LLC and Gros Holdings Unlimited, Inc (#, 6179 Alameda Ave, El Paso, TX 79905 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2031 Radiator Fans Unlimited LLC and Gros Holdings Unlimited Inc (#, 6179 Alameda Ave, El Paso, TX 79905 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2046 For The Love Athletics LLC (#, 225 N Downing St, Davidson, Davidson, NC 28036 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 Aaron Mahoney dba Alaska Gulf Coast Expeditions (#, 16347 Deerfield St,, Ninilchik, AK 99639 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 MTR Designs LLC (#, 205 North 12th St., Opelika, AL 36801 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 SkyEstate LLC dba Vango's Drive Thru (#, 4000 Leap Rd, Hilliard, OH 43026 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 JEMS Transportation Logistics LLC (#, 30715 Basil Trace Dr, Spring, TX 77386 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 R S Chroniger Enterprises, LLC (#, 1681 Beech Ln, Hanover, PA 17331 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2031 Touch of Therapy Massage, LLC (#, 8510 Warner Rd, Ste 300, Plain City, OH 43064 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Dennis Hair Studio Inc (#) 1566 Union Turnpike, New Hyde Park, NY 11040 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Amado Trader LLC dba Amado Games LLC (#, 5545 Bulls Bay D, Virginia Beach, VA 23462 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 MattCole Construction and Roofing, LLC (#, 2529 Boxford Lane, Cordova, TN 38016 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 
 F-215 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 O O Welding Zone Corp (#, 2100 4th St., Orlando, FL 32824 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2046 Octopus Records LLC (#, 72-05 72nd Place, 2B, Glendale, NY 11385 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Panditos LLC dba White Lotus Home (#) 745 Joyce Kilmer Ave, New Brunswick, NJ 08901 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Essex Trade, Inc.dba Artesano's (#, 33 Bearskin Neck, Rockport, MA 01966 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Tri T. Le dba AN Company (#, 1431 Amro Way, South El Monte, CA 91733 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Trash Can Rescue LLC (#, 1096 Nast Chapel Rd, Martinsville, IN 46151 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Kyle Keiper LLC (#, 3408 Spring St #1, Pompano Beach, FL 33062 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 Remsund Group Inc dba Remsund Group (#, 6581 Westland Dr, Brownsburg, IN 46112 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2031 B W Towing, LLC (#) 701 Addison Rd, Painted Post, NY 14870 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2047 Queen Oxygen Co. dba Quest Cylinder Co. (#, 239 Lafayette St., London, OH 43140 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2031 Y C Company INC dba Miji-Mura Hibachi Sushi (#, 1850 N University Dr,, Coral Springs, FL 33071 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/9/2046 Alaska Industrial Paint, LLC dba Alaska Fleet and Collision Specialist (#) 1301 North Post Rd, Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2032 Le Bajec Le LLC (#, 810 N Alamo St,, San Antonio, TX 78215 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2046 Grand Portage LLC (#, 3306 Chelsea Cir, Ann Arbor, MI 48108 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 Sassy Sista's Boutique LLC (#, 851 W. State Rd 436 Ste. 1005, Altamonte Springs, FL 32714 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 Almina Concept, Inc. (#, 5042 Willshire Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90036 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 Oak North LLC, Constantinos Constantinou (#, 94 Union St., Vernon, CT 06066 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2031 XL Auto Group LLC dba Autos Wholesale (#, 28900 Mission Blvd, Hayward, CA 94544 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/3/2031 JD Hunt Custom Homes Incorporated dba JD Hunt Construction (#, 5515 Parkcrest Dr, Austin, TX 78731 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/3/2031 4 Points Towing Roadside Service LLC (#, 5425 Willow Grove Rd, Camden Wyoming, DE 19934 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2031 RGV Poke LLC dba Pokeworks (#) 5401 North 10 St. Unit 126, McAllen, TX 78504 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/2/2032 
 F-216 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Sheryl's Candy Apple Creations, LLC (#, 131 Piney Green Rd, Ste 300, Jacksonville, NC 28546 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/2/2031 331 Foley Sound Inc (#, 19355 Business Center Dr, Unit #9, Northridge, CA 91324 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/2/2032 Kenbenco, Inc.dba Benson Steel Fabricators (#, 437 Route 212, Saugerties, NY 12477 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 paws Boarding LLC dba paws DayCamp and Boarding (#, 2449 Breanna Way, Little Elm, TX 75068 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Tactical Integrated Systems Inc dba Techy (#, 2501 Citrus Blvd, Leesburg, FL 34748 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Big Heart LLC dba Chick'n Cone (#) 1158 W San Marcos Blvd, San Marcos, CA 92078 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2031 Rosy Rings, Inc (#, 2400 Industrial Lane, Ste 700, Broomfield, CO 80020 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 IT Quality Solutions, Inc (#, 6522 Creekview Circle, Duluth, GA 30097 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 JeanAnn Schwark, MS, FNP-C PLLC dba Serenity Women's Care (#, 10615 N Hayden Rd C100, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 RM Interiors Inc.dba House of Moseley (#, 8200 Stockdale HWY D-6, Bakersfield, CA 93311 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 Shrijee LLC dba Econo Lodge (#) 908 Washington St., Manitowoc, WI 54220 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2046 Cadena Co. (#, 2133 Southend Dr. #301, Charlotte, NC 28213 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2031 K's Salon 1 LLC dba Gerard Anthony Salon (#) 580 Amsterdam Ave, New York, NY 10024 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2031 Kadence Consulting Inc (#, 13315 Bishops Ct, Roswell, GA 30075 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2031 Angela Barbara (#, 51 Bennington Square, Hackettstown, NJ 07840 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2046 25 Dials LLC (#, 875 North High St., Ste 300, Columbus, OH 43215 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 Willow Falls Venue LLC (#, 23122 S North Carolina Hwy 109, Denton, NC 27239 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2046 Downtown Dance Academy Limited Liability Company (#, 1204 Hooper Ave, Toms River, NJ 08753 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 Debut Solutions LLC (#, 2000 Frankfort St, Laredo, TX 78040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 3D Printed Tabletop, LLC (#, 2870 Sonata Court, St. Cloud, FL 34772 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 7 BRANCHES CORPORATION dba Nikos (#, 410 Pearl St., Lake Wales, FL 33853 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2031 DebutSolutions, LLC dba Emerald Pacific Resources (#, 2000 Frankfurt St., Laredo, TX 78040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2046 
 F-217 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Hair and Beauty Market Place, LLC dba LAOR (#) 7900 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Unit 1, Orlando, FL 32809 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2047 Island Kaii Company dba Island Kaii (#, 20140 Livemois, Detroit, MI 48221 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2031 Tapuya Brands Corporation (#, 23 Leroy St., New York, NY 10014 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2031 HHD Aviation, LLC dba Great Milwaukee Training and Testing Center (#, 2820 Bobmeyer Rd, Hanger C-7, Hamilton, OH 45015 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2046 Gralyn Fabrication Machining LLC (#, 1119 Bluff Ridge Rd, Waynesburg, PA 15370 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Christopher John Looney Agency Inc. (#, 426 South Atlanta St., Unit 110, Roswell, GA 30075 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Premiere Inc (#, 615 N Landry Dr, New Iberia, LA 70563 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Trinity Lumber and Building Supply, Inc (#, 1231 East Cypress Ave, Redding, CA 96002 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2046 Swick Son Enterprises, Inc (#, 108 Mashell Ave North, Eatonville, WA 98328 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2031 Tiny's Gumbo Bar NYC LLC (#) 275 Church St., New York, NY 10013 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 Force3 Enterprises, LLLP (#, 240 Hathway Dr, Stratford, CT 06615 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2046 MA Allen LLC dba Premier Martial Arts (#) 380 East Bethany Dr, Allen, TX 75002 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 CJNR LLC dba Parkhurst Motel (#, 208 East Main St., Elma, WA 98541 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2046 Patoruzu, Inc. dba Sharkey's Cuts For Kids (#, 18121 Tuckerton Rd, Ste 130, Cypress, TX 77433 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 PCH Ventures, LLC dba Chop Stop (#, 18515 Brookhurst St., Fountain valley, CA 92618 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 Power Enterprise LLC (#, 119 East 710 South Circle, Ivins, UT 84738 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 The Jar Circle, Inc dba Frida's Mexican Grill (#) 3545 Merrick Rd, Seaford, NY 11783 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2031 Dallas MTV, LLC (#, 2911 Turtle Creek Blvd, Ste 300, Dallas, TX 75219 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 Royal Home Care and Staffing LLC (#, 453 Oakton Rd, Odenton, MD 21113 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2031 Kiwi Vision, LLC (#, 27518 Portsmouth Ave, Hayward, CA 94545 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2031 Elizabeth K. Little and dba Mrs. Little's Tea and Toys (#, 108 North Davis St., Hamilton, MO 64644 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2031 Vida Meat Company LLC (#, 1370 West Cheyenne Ave, North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2031 
 F-218 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Derheim, Inc dba My Aquatic Services (#, 601 Main Ave.W, West Fargo, ND 58078 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2046 Luxury Tree Services LLC (#, 5925 SW 69th St., Miami, FL 33413 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2031 Glorious Training Group Inc dba F45 Training Murabella (#, 185 Murabella Pkwy, St. Augustine, FL 32092 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2031 Cezary A. Lapa dba Globe Polska Ksiazka (#, 5747 West Irving Park Rd, Chicago, IL 60634 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2031 Hartwood Inn (#, 1312 GILBERT ST, CHARLES CITY, IA 50616 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2046 Transatlantic Translations Company, LLC (#, 411 Theodore Fremd Ave, Rye, NY 10580 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2031 Revive Aesthetics Wellness, LLC (#, 175 Main St., East Greenwich, RI 02818 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2031 DTT ENTERPRISES, LLC (#, 6565 Austin Hope Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2031 Baite Auto Sales LLC (#, 2865 Suwanee Rd, Columbus, OH 43224 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2046 Montauk Donut Group, Inc dba Dunkin Donuts (#) 1669 Montauk Hwy, Bellport, NY 11713 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2031 Bird's Nest Florist Gifts, LLC (#, 549-E College Park Rd, Ladson, SC 29456 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2031 Game Time Vending, LLC (#, 10105 Amberwood Rd Stes #1 and #5, Fort Myers, FL 33913 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2031 Lovely Moments Iowa Photography, LLC (#, 313 South Logan St., Roland, IA 50236 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2031 KBO Investment and Sterling HTS KBO Investments LLC (#, 748 West Big Beaver Rd, Troy, MI 48084 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/10/2031 C4 Technologies Inc. (#) 171 C Ave, Ste C, Coronado, CA 92118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/6/2031 The Hiccup Inc (#, 158 Humphrey St., Swampscott, MA 01907 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/6/2031 Dara, Inc. (#, 29 Old Planters Rd, Beverly, MA 01915 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2031 Ronald L. McFarlain dba Cajun Connection (#, 2958 IL-178, North Utica, IL 61373 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/5/2046 C J General Engineering (#, 3060 Thorntree Dr #10, Chico, CA 95973 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2046 P.O.P Enterprises LLC (#, 860 Constellation Dr, Decatur, GA 30033 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2031 J C May Properties, LLC. (#, 315 Sylamore Ave, Mountain View, AR 72560 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 
 F-219 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 100 Permanent Inc. (#, 1315 N. Larrabee St., Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2046 Blue Water Dynamics, LLC dba Dougherty Manufacturing Solace Boats, L (#, 308 South Old County Rd, Edgewater, FL 32132 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2046 GLH delivering services Inc and Paisley Logistics Inc (#, 121 Pine Rd, Easley, SC 29642 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Patriot Services Group Inc (#, 108 Phillips Circle, Columbiana, AL 35051 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Crux Solutions LLC dba Waddell's Riverside Funeral Directors (#) 6938 Westover St., Houston, TX 77087 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 Kings Autoshow Inc and Grand Auto Group LLC (#, 5815 Church Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11203 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Melissa S. Scharf (#, 14313 Califa St., Sherman Oaks, CA 91401 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 The Travel Society LLC;Religious Travel International LLC (#, 650 S Cherry St., Denver, CO 80246 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 AA Power Equipment, Inc (#, 999 Mansell Rd, Ste B, C, D, Roswell, GA 30076 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Charles P Carpenter dba All-Ways Pumping (#, 5701 Beckford Ave, Tarzana, CA 91356 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 CIRLABS, INC,Outcome Driven Innovation and Spracht Inc (#, 974 Commercial St., Palo Alto, CA 94043 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2031 Global Packaging Solutions, Inc (#, 6259 Progressive Ave, San Diego, CA 92154 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 GN Enterprises LLC (#, 4507 SE Ramona St., Portland, OR 97206 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2046 Kamboj Investments Inc dba Chicago's Pizza with Twist (#) 1156 South Main St., Manteca, CA 95337 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 On Spot Techs Ltd dba Wi-Fi Surveyors (#, 4732 Dixie Dr South, Dayton, OH 45439 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2046 Karson A Schepp (#, 8715 Hwy 14, Kramer, ND 58748 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Rocky Mountain Concrete, Inc (#, 6674 MALTESE LN A, Bozeman, MT 59718 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Tiny Tots Kingdom Inc (#, 4961 N Dixie Hwy Stes 2-6, Oakland Park, FL 33334 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Cherich Enterprises dba Yogasix Pasadena (#, 277 W Green St. Ste 110, Pasadena, CA 91105 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2031 Dream Splash International LLC (#, 650 S Cherry St., Denver, CO 80246 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Travis Construction Company, LLC (#, 11258 Bayou Bernard Rd, Gulfport, MS 39503 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2031 
 F-220 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Five Rivers 1938 Enterprises, Inc dba The Hummus Republic (#) 3032 W Jack London Blvd, Livermore, CA 94551 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2032 Clinically Speaking, LLC (#, 207 N Davies Rd, Lake Stevens, WA 98258 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2031 WLG Inc (#, 6257 West Ave J9, Lancaster, CA 93536 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2046 Jaime Gervasi Associates LLC (#, 3243 Eastern Ave, Baltimore, MD 21224 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2031 K Wallace, LLC dba Fit Learning Columbus (#, 6631 Commerce Pkwy Ste G, Dublin, OH 43085 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2031 Tarun LLC, dba Signature Wine Liquor (#) 325 South Limestone, Lexington, KY 40508 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Mattress and Rug outlet LLC (#, 1818 State St., Schenectady, NY 12304 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Premier Tech Security, LLC (#, 1616 Westgate Circle, Ste 111, Brentwood, TN 37027 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 GSK Industries Inc dba Quality One Pool Management (#, 3217 W Tompkins Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89103 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 52 Tran, LLC (#, 773 South MacArthur Blvd, Ste 205, Coppell, TX 75019 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 L.A. Crescent LLC dba Aamco Car Care Center (#, 1010 East 6th Ave, Stillwater, OK 74074 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 Big Brand Management Ltd. Co. (#, 512 East 11th St., Houston, TX 77008 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2046 Delbello Enterprises LLC dba Il Portico (#, 273 West Route 130 South, Burlington, NJ 08016 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 All Regional Recyclers of Wood LLC and Superior Carting Waste System (#, 104 Wooster St., Bethel, CT 06801 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2031 Ever Prosperous Realty Inc (#, 430 S Chandler Ave, Monterey Park, CA 91754 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2031 Basha Home Improvement LLC (#) 41 Van Houten Ave, Jersey City, NJ 07305 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 TDI Global Solutions Inc (#, 1 Riverfront Plaza, Ste 12, Lawrence, KS 66044 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 Profit Stewards LLC dba AAMCO Transmissions of Phoenixville (#, 458 Schuylkill Rd, Phoenixville, PA 19460 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 Jeragardens Wedding Rentals LLC, (#) 5842 South 1150 West, Ogden, UT 84405 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2031 Sparta Athletic Campus, LLC (#, 115 Sparta Ave, Sparta, NJ 07871 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2046 110 Enterprises, LLC dba Boomerang Bar and Grill (#, 110 Limekiln Rd, Unit 2, New Cumberland, PA 17070 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2046 
 F-221 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Ecos Consulting, LLC (#, 1519 Roller Rd, Ocean Township, NJ 07712 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2031 K-M-P Auto Group LLC (#, 1788 Austin Hwy, San Antonio, TX 78218 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2046 Colorado Travel Solutions LLC (#, 2895 Queen St, Colorado Springs, CO 80904 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2031 Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC (#, 700 Corporate Circle, Golden, CO 80401 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2031 Rymax Electronics Inc (#, 1805 5th Ave. Ste F, Bay Shore, NY 11706 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2046 Accommodating Financial Tax Services, LLC (#, 5151 Monroe St., Toledo, OH 43623 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2031 The Iron Smith LLC dba Anytime Fitness Nevada (#, 1818 Fawcett Pkwy, Nevada, IA 50201 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/8/2031 156 W. Salon Boutique, llc dba Shabby Shek Salon and Boutique (#, 156 West Tioga St., Tunkhannock, PA 18657 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2046 Jason M. Eberhart dba Stae Farm (#, 600 Allegheny St., Jersey Shore, PA 17740 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2046 Afrodisiac Enterprises LLC dba Afrodisiac Nola (#, 5363 Franklin Ave, New Orleans, LA 70122 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/1/2046 Royal Restaurants, LLC (#, 138 Griffin Rd, Ruston, LA 71270 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Ata Ana LLC dba Ata Ana Home Health Agency (#, 8304 Old Courthouse Rd Unit D, Vienna, VA 22182 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 
 Craftwork Carpentry and Millwork Inc. (#, 2777 S Financial Ct., Sanford, FL 32773 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Gene Properties LLC,4 Winnapaug Rd LLC and,144 Atlantic Ave LLC (#, 149 Atlantic Ave, Westerly, RI 02891 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Zollner Enterprises, Inc (#, 221 Hulls Chapel Rd, Fredericksburg, VA 22406 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 VILLELA CPA PLLC (#, 3877 SE 5th Ave, Ocala, FL 34480 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Tidal Commerce Inc (#, 2100 Clearwater Dr, Oak Brook, IL 60523 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Sheldon T Banks LLC (#, 2340 W Carpenter Rd, Flint, MI 48505 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Holland Holdings LLC (#, 1102 Blackbriar Cir Ne, Hartselle, AL 35640 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Martin C. Liu Associates, PLLC (#, 135 Bowery St., New York, NY 10002 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Eagle's Eye Comfort Care Miramar LLC (#, 6308 SW 27th St, Miramar, FL 33023 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 New York Equestrian Center Ltd (#, 633 EAGLE AVE, WEST HEMPSTEAD, NY 11552 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 
 F-222 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Neil Hoss, D.M.D., LLC. (#, 115 Hartford Turnpike, Tolland, CT 06084 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Kings Autoshow Inc dba Brooklyn Mitsubishi and Grand Auto Group LLC (#, 5815 Church Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11203 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 Superior Coach Interiors, Inc (#, 211 Babb Dr, Lebanon, TN 37087 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2031 360 Concepts Group, LLC dba Bowl 360 Astoria (#, 19-45 49th St., Astoria, NY 11105 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Seema Aijaz Enterprises Inc dba Edible Arrangements (#, 1040 South Broadway, Unit 6, Hicksville, NY 11801 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Yogi's Logistics Inc and 9371 Truck Yard LLC (#, 9371 Jackson Rd, Sacramento, CA 95826 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2046 O.P.P. Presents LLC (#, 15927 Pioneer Blvd, Norwalk, CA 90650 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 CALTEL, INC. (#, 2309 Acie Ave, Conway, SC 29528 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Little Imaginations Learning Center Inc (#, 189 toll Gate Rd,, Warwick, RI 02886 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2046 La Favorita Radio Network (#, 4043 Geer Rd, Hughson, CA 95326 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2046 HTE Acquisition, LLC dba Hi Tech Engineering (#, 4600, Calle Quetza, Camarillo, CA 93012 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2031 Troung Enterprises Inc (#, 1305 SW 107th Ave, Miami, FL 33174 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2031 KDKB Properties, LLC and US Press, LLC (#, 1628-A James P. Rodgers Dr, Valdosta, GA 31601 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 J J Rocket Fizz General Partnership (#, 3155 Outlet Dr Space E020, Edinburgh, IN 46124 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 Nevada Adult Day healthcare Centers Inc (#, 2008 S Jones Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89146 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 Kevin Head Agency, LLC (#, 941 Moores Ferry Rd, Villa Rica, GA 30180 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2046 CURVE MART C-STORE AND CAJUN DELI LLC dba Curve Mart (#, 44063 Hwy 431, Saint Amant, LA 70774 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2046 US Press, LLC (#, 1628-A James P. Rodgers Dr, Valdosta, GA 31601 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2046 T.A.L.E.N.T. Leadership LLC dba T.A.L.E.N.T. Leadership Napoli's Itali (#, 4280 Lavon Dr, Garland, TX 75040 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 The Buckeye Health Group, LLC (#, 8120 Walcot Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45249 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 Alpha Variance Solutions, LLC (#, 48 Western Dr, Ardsley, NY 10502 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2031 
 F-223 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Northwest Evergreen Innovations, LLC and James Hamilton Gregersen (#, 6791 Bethel Rd SE, Port Orchard, WA 98367 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2046 DAVIS WINES LLC and BRICK MORTAR WINES, LLC (#, 25 Healdsburg Ave Bld 20, Healdsburg, CA 95448 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2031 Craftwork Carpentry and Millwork Inc (#, 2777 S Financial Ct., Sandford, FL 32773 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2046 JC's Tall Glass Inc (#, 2810 Hypoluxo Rd, Lantana, FL 33462 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2046 The AAC Speech Clinic, LLC and Red Rock Neurorehabilitation Center (#, 9260 West Sunset Rd, Ste 204, Las Vegas, NV 89148 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2031 Pampanguena Market Place Corp (#, 18623 SW 107th Ave, Miami, FL 33157 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2046 Vance Ewing LLC dba The Bow Barrel Sportsmen Center (#, 22940 Harlan Lane, St Robert, MO 65584 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2046 2B St. Marks, Inc dba Duetto (#, 540 Greene St., Unit 1, Key West, FL 33040 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2031 Prestige Nationwide, LLC dba Eastern Standard (#, 1131 Burke St., Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2046 Bluewater Laundry Linen, llc (#, 2315 Main St., Loris, SC 29569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2046 Vancole Investments, Inc (#, 876 Virginia Ave, Hapeville, GA 30354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Butcher Block of Woodland Park, LLC (#, 320 S Baldwin St, Woodland Park, CO 80863 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Ellerman Engineerting Innovations, Inc and R S Properties and Hold (#, 4444 Forest St., Leonard, MI 48367 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Francis L Bailey Jr dba Carolina GPS Services (#, 1545 Langston Dr, Johns Island, SC 29455 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Two Mean Beans, LLC dba Coffee and Crepes (#, 315 Crossroads Blvd, Floor G, Cary, NC 27518 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 Bluewater Laundry Linen, LLC (#, 2315 Main St., Loris, SC 29569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2031 K R Enterprises III Inc dba The Frozen Cow (#, 6710 Post Rd, North Kingstown, RI 02852 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2046 Subhash Joshi LLC dba Mata Hardware (#, 6370 Mae Anne Ave, Stes 1 and 2, Reno, NV 89523 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2031 Bolton Construction, LLC and Meeker Stone Company, LLC (#, 73544 CO-64, Meeker, CO 81641 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2031 Semper Foods, LLC (#, 7000 W. Palmetto Park Rd,, Boca Raton, FL 33433 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2031 
 F-224 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Integrated Rehabiilitation Inc (#, 10340 SE Division St., Portland, OR 97266 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2031 AAAK Investments LLC (#, 19595 15 Mile Rd, Clinton Twp, MI 48035 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2046 Edgar I Cordoba dba Edgar Cordoba Insurance Agency (#, 9201 Dyer St., El Paso, TX 79924 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2031 360 Cloud Solutions, LLC and 360 Cloud Apps, LLC (#, 299 S Main St., Salt Lake City, UT 84111 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2031 21st Century Living LLC dba 21st Century Concierge (#, 33 Fitchett St., Poughkeepsie, NY 12601 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2031 BearWaters Brewing Company (#, 101 Park St., Canton, NC 28716 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2046 The Ogden Group of Rochester, Inc (#, 78 Brunswick St, Rochester, NY 14607 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2031 Dulceria NYC Inc (#, 2220 Frederick Douglass Blvd, New York, NY 10026 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2031 LVM Constructiion LLC (#, 194 N Grove St., East Orange, NJ 07017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2031 Halikamai Inc dba Neighborhood Beer and Wine (#, 510 Farm Market Rd 718, Unit A, Newark, TX 76071 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2031 899 Toscanini, LLC (#) 899 Main St., Cambridge, MA 02139 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 Tri-Span Construction LLC dba Lawrence County Sand and Stone (#, 136 Southland Dr, Louisa, KY 41230 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2031 Swantown Inn Spa LLC (#, 1431 11th Ave SE, Olympia, WA 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2046 Center for Jewish Addiction Rehabilitation, LLC dba Tikvah Lake Recove (#, 6549 Rajol Dr, Sebring, FL 33875 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2031 La Taqueria, Inc. (#, 10 Greenwich Ave, Greenwich, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2031 Tec-Com Low Voltage Solutions Inc (#, 2045 Live Oak Blvd, Yuba City, CA 95991 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2031 Aeffect, Inc (#, 5600 N River Rd, Ste 800, Rosemont, IL 60018 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2031 Amazing G, LLC and Victoria Armstrong-Mensah (#, 3030 N Saranac, Mesa, AZ 85207 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2031 Neuline Health Management LLC (#, 1402 S Custer Rd, McKinney, TX 75070 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2031 Shericka Newsome dba Little Sunshine's Academy (#, 474 N Chew Rd, Hammonton, NJ 08037 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2031 Compass Technical Services, Inc. (#, 2600 Gravel Dr, Building 7, Fort Worth, TX 76118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2031 
 F-225 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Keystone Contracting, LLC dba Keystone Roofing and Siding, LLC (#, 205 Route 9 N, freehold, NJ 07728 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2046 Dr. Karissa Walton, PLLC dba The Mobile Health Doc (#, 140 N Granite St., Prescott, AZ 86301 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 Rachel Reyes-Bergano, D.O. Inc dba Contempo Aesthetics (#, 708 E Colorado Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91101 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 MPI Automotive Corp (#, 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd, Ste 100, Cupertino, CA 95014 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 Eckles Generation Heating Air Service, Inc (#, 6000 Poplar Ave, Memphis, TN 38119 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 ELIOT'S ADULT NUT BUTTERS LLC (#, 1140 SE 7th, Ste 190, Portland, OR 97214 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2031 Hotel California Salon LLC dba Beverly Hills Lashes (#, 872 Huntley Dr, West Hollywood, CA 90069 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2031 Bock Technologies Inc. (#, 11496 Luna Rd Ste 1200, Dallas, TX 75234 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2031 BGS Consulting LLC dba Your Digital Canvas (#, 5608 Malvey Ave, Fort Worth, TX 76107 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2031 Ecru Designs LLC (#, 275 North Wyoming Ave, South Orange, NJ 07079 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2031 Tropics LLC (#, 6453 Chupp Rd, Lithonia, GA 30058 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2031 LEX-MAR SERVICE INC (#, 12278 NW 106th Court, Medley, FL 33178 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 League One Logistics, LLC (#, 150 Hiram Industrial Dr, Hiram, GA 30141 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 JJBM LLC dba Alumni Grill (#, 3316 Pacific Ave, Wildwood, NJ 08260 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 Hankemeier Holdings LLC dba Grow Salon (#, 205 W 6th St., Ste 105 110, Georgetown, TX 78626 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2031 Vernon Alexander dba Southern Ohio Hunting Preserve (#, 31625 Goosecreek Rd, McArthur, OH 45651 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2031 Foreclosure Excess Proceeds, LLC (#, 2415 E Camelback Rd, Ste 700, Phoenix, AZ 85016 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2031 Compass CFO Holdings, LLC (#, 4400 Rt 9 Ste 1000, Freehold, NJ 07728 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2031 Woodzzy LLC dba Dba Woodzzy Bar Resturant (#) 1133 Clarkson Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11212 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2046 Motor Messenger NYC Inc (#, 81-36 Baxter Ave, Queens, NY 11373 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2031 THE LAW OFFICES OF LAWRENCE A. BECKENSTEIN P.C (#, 320 E 65th St., Ste #619, New York, NY 10065 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2031 
 F-226 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Earth Analytical Sciences, Inc. (#, 4825 Ward Dr, Beaumont, TX 77705 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2031 Rev Motorsports, LLC dba Speed Concept (#, 20745 SW Tualatin Valley Hwy, Ste 120, Aloha, OR 97003 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2031 Abatement Pro n Demo, Inc (#, 468 North Canal St., Lawrence, MA 01841 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2031 Silverado Sales Inc dba Husker Sit N Sleep (#, 2120 Central Ave, Kearney, NE 68847 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2031 Clavismen LLC dba Katy Wines and Spirits (#, 5901 B Hwy Blvd, Katy, TX 77494 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/7/2031 Foy Commerce LLC (#) 1725 Park Lane S, Ste 2,, Jupiter, FL 33458 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2031 Hank Thomas Performance (#, 917 Dixie Club Rd, Winston-Salem, NC 27107 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2031 Boyd's Cardinal Hollow Winery dba Boyd's Cardinal Hollow Winery (#, 1830 West Point Pike, West Point, PA 19486 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2046 Grover Jackson Engineering, LLC (#, 1880 Campbellsville Rd, Pulaski, TN 38478 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2046 3G Graphix LLC dba Elemento Graphics (#, 7160 Zionsville Rd, Zionsville Rd, IN 46268 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2031 NebulOS, Inc (#, 5428 Twilight Way, Parker, CO 80237 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2031 Thomas Wayne Belcher Jr dba Area 51 Tattoo Body Piercing Supply (#, 230 Broadway St., Jackson, OH 45640 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2046 5 Star Renovations, Inc. and Five Star Group, Inc. (#, 2997 US-29, Moreland, GA 30259 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2031 822 GROUP LLC (#, 136 Treehaven St., Gaitherburg, MD 20878 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2031 G.A.P. Mechanical Inc. (#, 2500 North Forsyth Rd, C29, Orlando, FL 32807 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2031 Cajun Made Charters, L.L.C (#, 27900 Hwy 1, Golden Meadow, LA 70357 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2031 Janie Lacy Associates, LLC dba Life Counseling Solutions (#, 670 N Orlando Ave, #103, Maitland, FL 32751 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2046 Max Rosin Associates, Inc (#, 37-43 West 14th St., Ste 304, New York, NY 10011 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/23/2031 J-Tech Industries Inc (#, 232 Alexandria Dr, Mooresville, NC 28115 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/23/2031 Acra Cast, Inc. (#, 1837 First St., Bay City, MI 48708 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2031 Wells Cutting Edge, LLC (#, 4201 North Cochrane Lane, Erda, UT 84074 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2031 
 F-227 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Twenty Ten Agency, LLC (#, 340 S Lemon Avnue, Walnut, CA 91789 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2031 Oregon Glass Repair, LLC dba SuperGlass Windshield Repair; SuperGla (#, 2972 SE 38th Court, Hillsboro, OR 97123 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2031 AMERICAN CINEMA INSPIRES, INC and CEO Multimedia, Inc (#, 15363 Victory Blvd, Van Nuys, CA 91406 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2031 Tierra Corrosion Control, Incorporated (#, 1608 Schofield Lane, Farmington, NM 87401 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/16/2031 Gateway Veterinary Services P.C. dba Liberty Animal Clinic (#, 9212 Liberty Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/15/2031 RV Solar LLC (#) 3442 E Bulk Lane, Oak Creek, WI 53154 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Stephanie Ann Doty (#) 82 Diggins Dr, Folsom, CA 95630 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Lockett Trucking and Transport LLC (#) 612 Colebridge Dr, Blacklick, OH 43004 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 College Economy Inc (#, 679 Wedgewood Dr, Hanover Park, IL 60133 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/13/2031 Gerald Scott Lyda dba Edneyville Wood Products (#, 3555 Chimney Rock Rd, Hendersonville, NC 28792 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2046 Motor City Bakery Inc dba Mexi bake (#, 8100 Radcliffe St., Detroit, MI 48210 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/7/2046 Knight Settlement Sand Gravel, LLC (#, 7291 Knight Settlement Rd, Bath, NY 14810 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Barrett Enterprises, LLC dba Barrett and Sons Used Cars (#, 920 N Columbia St, Milledgeville, GA 31061 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Batteries in a Flash.com, Inc. (#, 720 W Cheyenne Ave, North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Trailer Marketing Services Inc (#, 4560 State Route 233, Clinton, NY 13323 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Statewide Health Care, Inc (#, 102 Oglethorpe Professional Court, Savannah, GA 31406 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Thomson Holdings Enterprises LLC dba Volusia County Towing (#, 345 8th St., Daytona Beach, FL 32117 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Tober Building Company, LLC (#, 3351 Brecksville Rd, Richfield, OH 44286 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Triple B's, Inc dba Crews Door Company (#, 12189 Livingston Rd, Manassas, VA 20109 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 Barrett Enterprises, LLC (#, 920 N Columbia St, Milledgeville, GA 31061 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Quality Sound Communications, Inc dba Technology Source (#, 1551 North Tustin Ave, Ste 125, Santa Ana, CA 92705 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 
 F-228 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 TK Cleaning and Lawn Service LLC (#, 4449 Beechaven Dr, Rock Hill, SC 29732 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 La Dolce Vita Water Sports LLC,LDV GOLF CART BIKE RENTALS LLC (#, 408 Kelly Plantation Dr, Destin, FL 32541 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Walking Urgent Care Inc (#, 10308 West Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Suncoast Premier Medical, LLC and Mario R Perez MD PA (#, 1239 US-27, Clermont, FL 34714 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2046 TK Cleaning and Lawn Service LLC (#, 4449 Beechaven Dr, Rock Hill, SC 29732 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2031 Empire State Adjuster's Corp.DBA Frankie M s Auto Body East (#, 419 West Main St., Smithtown, NY 11787 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2046 Bojax Auto Collision, Inc. dba Bojax Auto Body Repair (#, 4712 Fernlee Ave, Royal Oak, MI 48073 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2031 The Sign Company of Wilmington, Inc. (#, 428 Landmark Dr, Wilmington, NC 28412 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2046 Bojax Auto Collision, Inc dba Bojax Auto Body Repair and Seman Real Es (#, 4712 Fernlee Ave, Royal Oak, MI 48073 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2046 Underground Toys USA, LLC dba Seven 20 and Wozniak Distribution (#, 7626 Miramar Rd, San Diego, CA 92126 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2031 RH All Around Repair, LLC (#, 2008 Coahuila Rd, Odessa, TX 79763 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2046 Drake Dance Academy LLC (#, 5790 Marble Creek Stree, Dublin, OH 43016 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2046 Signet Media Inc (#, 630 S.1st St., San Jose, CA 95113 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 QXC Communications, Inc (#, 3785 North Federal Hwy, Ste 205, Boca Raton, FL 33431 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 ALG-Health LLC and Axis LED Group, LLC (#, 520 West Mulberry St., Bryon, OH 43506 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2031 Kidz Choice Service Inc and Kidz Choice Holdings Inc (#, 14-34 110th St., Flushing, NY 11356 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 Jason Watt Pictures, LLC (#, 110 Broadway #507, Brooklyn, NY 11249 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 Markell Construction Inc (#, 6248 N Woodstock St., Philadelphia, PA 19138 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2031 Ground Breakers Construction, Inc. (#, 2292 a/k/a 2274 Hayride Rd, Lebec, CA 93243 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Johnson Diversified, Inc dba Plumbing Solutions (#, 29802 Avenida De Las Banderas, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 
 F-229 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 New Image Window Doors Inc (#, 705 Hennis Rd, Winter Garden, FL 34787 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Diversified Electric, LLC (#, 1571 Mapledale St, Ferndale, MI 48220 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Leo Marketing LLC (#, 1127 E Rio Grande Ave, El Paso, TX 79902 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 AUBURN ANALYTICAL LABS, INC (#, 210 Bay City Rd, Midland, MI 48642 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Zebra Enterprises, LLC dba Shanty (#, 213 3rd St., Eureka, CA 95501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2046 Rob Smith dba Laundry Land (#, 8913 Sierra Ave, Fontana, CA 92335 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2031 Companion Plus Care, LLC (#, 19849 Middlebelt Rd, Livonia, MI 48152 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2046 Millennium Family Practice LLC (#, 6310 Steven Forest Rd, Columbia, MD 21045 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Allan Gilbert dba Allan Gilbert Builders (#, 50 Jodi Dr, Belmont, NH 03220 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Party Town Chico LLC (#, 1937 East 20th St. #B6, Chico, CA 95928 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Blasco Tire LLC (#) 960 Memorial Dr, Griffin, GA 30223 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Oscar Rene Guzman and American United Construction LLC (#, 12520 Taylor Rd, Houston, TX 77041 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Capco Swimming Pools LLC and. Capco Industries, LLC dba Premier Pools (#, 5115 Savannah Green, Voy Omy, TX 78073 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Malik Dough L.L.C. and Steven L. Malik II (#, 3347 Riverside Dr, North Tazewell, VA 24630 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Linh Luong and Loc Luong (#, 1209 W Main St., Peroria, IL 61606 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Icebox Cafe, L.C and Icebox Pantry, LLC (#, 219 NE 3rd St., Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Sundown Audio, LLC (#, 514 W 21st St., Newton, NC 28658 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 S.B. Southern Welding, L.L.C (#, 300 Howard Rd, Waxahachie, TX 75165 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2031 Spartan Technology Solutions, Inc. (#, 125 Venture Blvd, Spartanburg, SC 29306 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2031 Clear Impact LLC and Clear Impact Inc (#, 11300 Rockville Pike, #1001, Rockville, MD 20852 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2031 Tripark LLC (#, 12630 Haynes Rd, Houston, TX 77066 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2046 JEJ LLC dba Hawaii Jerky Shop; DE.HI Foods (#, 111 Sand Island Access Rd, Honolulu, HI 96819 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2046 
 F-230 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Jemas, LLC Dba Medicine Shoppe St Charles (#, 488 S 5th St., St Charles, MO 63301 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 Natalie Dress Designers, LLC DBA Azaria Bridal (#, 3710 US Hwy 9, Space D218, Freehold, NJ 07728 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 Richard Keith Robison Jr. Enterprises, Inc. dba R R Restoration (#, 1539 Apache Dr, Montgomery, TX 77316 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 David Edwin Harries (#, 5506 Riverside Dr, Chino, CA 91710 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2031 AZ Dropship LLC dba A-Z Trading Co (#, 735 Crofton St SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49507 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Crystal H Thompson dba Advertise IT (#, 718 N Main St., Norwood, CT 28128 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Zmetra Clear Span Structures, LLC (#, 2 Old Worcester Rd, Dudley, MA 01571 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 WSCL, Inc (#, 176 Rosa Court, Colton, CA 92324 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Northern Services Inc (#, 2266 Central St., Ste6, Richmond, CA 94801 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 LT Johnson DDS PLLC dba Brueggen Dental Implant Center (#, 14626 Bellaire Blvd., Houston, TX 77083 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2031 Ryan Doyle Enterprises, LLC dba Earthworkers Landscaping (#, 802 Klinger Ln, Lebanon, PA 17042 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2031 Battle Forged Fitness, LLC dba CrossFit 1976 (#, 3251 East Stone Court, Eagle Mountain, UT 84005 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2046 EXAGEN SOLUTIONS INC (#, 32 Waverly Cir, Waverly, NY 12189 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2031 274 Construction Group, Inc (#, 420 Raleigh St., Ste F, Wilmington, NC 28412 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2031 Crispeno Realty, Inc (#, 9812 235th Pl SW, Edmonds, WA 98020 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2031 Benevolent Family Services LLC, (#) 522 S Independence Blvd, Ste 201, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 Pavesh, LLC (#, 9576 Potranco Rd, San Antonio, TX 78251 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2046 INB Enterprise LLC (#) 7761 Diamondback Dr, College Park, MD 20742 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 DTJ Enterprises, Inc dba West Falmouth Market (#, 623 W Falmouth hwy, Falmouth, MA 02540 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2046 Hany and Associates LLC dba Integrity Tax Group (#, 2020 S Oneida St., Denver, CO 80224 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 Swick Son Enterprises, Inc. (#, 108 Mashell Ave North, Eatonville, WA 98328 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 
 F-231 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Torchlight Academy Schools, LLC (#, 116 County Farm Rd, Windsor, NC 27983 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2046 Kris-Leigh Catered Living at Severna Park LLC (#, 831 Ritchie Hwy, Severna Park, MD 21146 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 Craftworks NW, LLC (#, 12421 NE 117th Ave, Vancouver, WA 98662 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2031 Clean Energyz LLC (#, 881 Alma Real Dr, Stes T-16, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2031 Motus Inc. dba Stage Your Home San Diego (#, 7557 Convoy Ct, San Diego, CA 92111 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2031 Clean Energyz LLC (#) 881 Alma Real Dr Ste T-16, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2031 INTERNETZONE I, INC. (#, 3131 Laurel Ave, Fullerton, CA 92835 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2031 Monark, LLC (#, 26050 Acero, Ste 411, Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2031 ACTIVE FACILITY MONITORING, LLC (#, 702 Ernest Dr, Port Orange, FL 32127 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2031 True Electrical Services LLC dba True Breaker Services (#, 3773 Dinosaur St., Castle Rock, CO 80109 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2031 Charlie Chedda's LLC (#, 1867 Academy Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80916 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2031 3 A Ideas, LLC dba Bizzy Kids Learning Center (#, 1401 Caplin Dr, Arlington, TX 76018 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2046 Nadal Company LLC (#, 5923 Robindale Rd, Catonsville, MD 21228 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2031 Giles Title and Escrow Services, LLC and Morgan Andrew Hoover (#, 203 North 1st St., Pulaski, TN 38478 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2031 Reginald L McClain dba McClain's Auto Detailing and Paint Refinish (#, 2753 N 29th St., Milwaukee, WI 53210 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2046 Ambrose Cubed LLC (#, 6780 Hudspeth Rd, Harrisburg, NC 28075 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2046 Metroguard Security Risk Mgmt Inc. (#, 338 Commerce Dr, Fairfield, CT 06825 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2031 Miss Academy, LLC dba Miss Houston Pageant (#, 1111 Uptown Park Blvd #12, Houston, TX 77056 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2031 Goodsell/Wilkins, Inc (#, 28175 Bluebell Dr, Laguna Niguel, CA 92677 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2031 Anne M Prior LLC (#, 5933 NW Wins Sivers Dr, Portland, OR 97220 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2031 Innovative Dental of Hannibal LLC (#, 515 Clinic Rd., Hannibal, MO 63401 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2031 
 F-232 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Medissage Integrative Therapies, LLC (#, 103 Twinridge Lane, Richmond, VA 23235 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2046 KOLOA KAI LLC and Stay Beach Cities, Inc (#, 2-2514 Kaumualii Hwy, Kalaheo, HI 96741 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2031 TELAVERGE COMMUNICATIONS, LLC (#, 8229 Foutain Ridge Dr, Plano, TX 75025 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2031 Eagle Creek Landscape Design (#, 7574 Eagle Creek Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45247 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2031 Eddy Auto Service Inc (#, 901 NY-109, West Babylon, NY 11704 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2046 Ben Anderson 365 (#, 1567 E Valley Rd, Montecito, CA 93108 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2031 Commonwealth Warehouse, Inc. (#, 400-500 Murray Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45217 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 ReenBoog Natural Hair Care, LLC (#, 4051 Stone Mountain Hwy, Ste E106, Lilburn, GA 30047 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 Surgeon Associates, Inc (#, 733 Bargain St., Fayetteville, NC 28303 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 Alima Mandiang, dba Mandiang Hair Braiding (#) 242 E. Claremont Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19120 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 SBRnet, Inc (#, 10185 Spyglass Way, Boca Raton, FL 33498 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 White Pine Logistics Inc (#, 1281 Cobble Pond Way, Vienna, VA 22182 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2031 Design Moves LLC (#, 3235 North Dixie Hwy, Oakland, FL 33334 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2046 Ryan Spataro dba The Minty Goat (#, 6801 N Crystal Ave, Kansas City, MO 64119 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2031 Little Swimmers Inc. (#, 2395 Monument Blvd, Concord, CA 94520 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 UniGuide Media,LLC (#) 105 Pearl St., Sausalito, CA 94965 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 A-One Refrigeration and Heating, Inc. (#, 910 N 20th Ave, Pasco, WA 99301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2046 A-One Refrigeration and Heating, Inc (#, 910 N 20th Ave, Pasco, WA 99301 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 Hybrid Drive Batteries LLC (#, 22607 E La Palma Ave, Ste 406, Yorba Linda, CA 92887 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2031 Michael Miller dba Affordable Paint and Auto Body (#, 4738 Randleman Rd, Greensboro, NC 27406 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2046 Little Angels Daycare and Learning Center LLC (#) 4551 Summit Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2046 Davis Laboratories, Inc. (#, 611 Lunar Ave., Brea, CA 92821 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2031 
 F-233 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 TC3, LLC (#, 1036 Country St. 2945, Tuttle, OK 73089 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2031 Dexter Lillie dba Kreative Kutz Barber Shop (#, 865 Cassat Ave, Jacksonville, FL 32205 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2046 CULTIVA Solutions, LLC (#, 8000 Towers Crescent Dr,, Vienna, VA 22182 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2031 Jazma Deaungilae Wise (#) 110 Golden Pine Rd SW, Austell, GA 30168 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2031 Payne's Environmental Services LLC (#, 5617 Causeway Blvd., Tampa, FL 33619 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2031 Chrysalis MSP LLC (#, 14550 Torrey Chase Blvd, Ste 110, Houston, TX 77014 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2031 Inland Empire Spine and Disc Laser, Inc. (#, 802 Magnolia Ave, Ste 103, Corona, CA 92879 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 VIIXVII Sewing Studio, LLC (#) 277 E Girard Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19125 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Skypie Studio Crafts LLC (#) 933 Mary Ave, Opelousas, LA 70570 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 
 WILD THING ACCOUNTING TAX LLC (#) 805 NE 190th Ave, Portland, OR 97230 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Andrew's Spotless Cleaning, LLC (#) 1604 Marcella Dr, Covington, KY 41011 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Nex Computer LLC and Kosmaz Technologies LLC (#, 1201 Alta Vista Court, Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Greater Vision Healthcare Services, LLC (#, 788 Montgomery Ave, Ocoee, FL 34761 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2046 Wild Wellness LLC (#) 151 Lake St., Lancaster, OH 43130 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 LONDERPASS, INC. (#) 108 N Fiore Pkwy, Vernon Hills, IL 60061 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2031 Centre for Autism Treatment LLC (#) 13090 Sundown Rd, Victorville, CA 92392 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2031 R L Timber, Inc (#, 524 Callen Crabb Rd, Sagle, ID 83860 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2031 Valley Towing Sons, Inc (#, 16 NY-6N, Mahopac, NY 10541 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2031 Diamond Ridge Professionals LLC, (#) 8629 Mesquite Circle, Magna, UT 84044 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2031 Austen Felder Holdings LLC dba Austin R Styling (#) 23642 Hwy 25, Franklinton, LA 70438 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2031 Retro Rangers LLC and Retro 1951, Inc (#, 750 International Pkwy #105, Richardson, TX 75081 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 1/15/2031 
 F-234 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Big Brand Management Ltd. Co and Food Civilization LLC (#, 68700 Dinah Shore Dr, Cathedral, CA 92234 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2046 Tapia Auto Care, LLC dba Shoreline Quick Lube and Car Wash (#, 2 Center Rd, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2031 SAS Integrated, LLC (#, 4012 S Rainbow Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89103 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2031 Silx LLC (#, 4120 3rd Ave, Timnath, CO 80525 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2031 White Pine Logistics, Inc. (#, 1281 Cobble Pond Way, Vienna, VA 22182 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2031 Westby Grocery LLC (#, 212 Main St., Westby, MT 59275 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2046 Athletic Performance Training Center, LLC (#, 12855 York-Delta Dr, North Royalton, OH 44133 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2031 TNJ Products, Inc. (#, 4912 N Lincoln Ave, Ste 101, Chicago, IL 60625 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Moran Tax Accounting LLC (#, 128 N Franklin St, Brazil, IN 47834 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 Tissue Plus LLC F/K/A Soft Touch Tissue Paper, LLC (#, 1491 Hammond St., Bangor, ME 04401 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 LEILA ZAMIRI, DDS, INC. (#, 3317 East 10th St., Long Beach, CA 90804 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Inter-Insurance Agency Services, Ltd. and Universal Casualty Risk Rete (#, 380 N Broadway, Jericho, NY 11753 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 The Spot Bar Restaurant LLC (#, 10540 State Route 195, Killeen, TX 76542 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 Hawthorne Food Company dba Eastern Standard Provis (#, 117 Beaver St., Waltham, MA 02452 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Seven C's Manufacturing, Inc (#, 3895 Corsair St., Reno, NV 89502 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 M2 Lumber LLC (#, 110 Brick House Rd, Laurens, SC 29360 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2030 Leila Zamiri, DDS, Inc (#, 3317 E 10th St., Long Beach, CA 90804 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2045 Performance Online, Inc (#, 1550 Melissa Ct, Corona, CA 92879 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 SDI Black 011, LLC (#, 1091 YONKERS AVE, YONKERS, NY 10704 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Shlama Two LLC dba Village Park Daycare (#, 7440 Broadway, Merrillville, IN 46410 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 NDRS Construction Inc.dba Disaster (#, 18730 Cortez Blvd, Brooksville, FL 34601 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Real Estate Personnel, Inc., Tara Matta and Sara Pierce (#, 1758 Emerson St., Denver, CO 80218 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 
 F-235 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Center of New England Primary Care Inc, North Providence Urgent Care I (#, 775 Centre of New England Blvd, Coventry, RI 02816 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 Perfect Game Incorporated (#, 850 Twixt Town Rd NE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52402 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Vacation Link of Florida, Inc., Island Vacation and Cruises, Inc, Pref (#, 501 N Wymore Rd, Winter Park, FL 32789 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 George Family Cremation and Burial LLC (#, 1260 W Mission Ave, Escondido, CA 92029 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2031 Lightstat Inc. (#, 22 W West Hill Rd, Barkhamsted, CT 06063 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Eppy's Tool Equipment Warehouse, Inc (#, 809 East 42nd St., Brooklyn, NY 11210 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Trident E P, LLC (#, 320 Circle of Progress Dr, Pottstown, PA 19464 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Bourque Sales and Service Inc. (#, 9160 Linwood Ave, Shevport, LA 71106 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 Educare Early Intervention, Corporation (#, 4557 S Calumet Ave, Chicago, IL 60653 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Bourque Sales and Service Inc (#, 9160 Linwood Ave, Shreveport, LA 71106 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 Petroleum Equipment Services, Inc. (#, 5631 Silverado Way, Anchorage, AK 99518 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Center of New England Primary Care Inc (#, 775 Center of New New England Blvd, Coventry, RI 02816 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2045 United Security Specialists, Inc. (#, 275 Saratoga Ave. Ste 200, Santa Clara, CA 95050 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2030 Khangri Sourcing Inc. (#, 6021 129th. Ave SE, Bellevue, WA 98006 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2030 Bojax Auto Collision Inc (#, 4706 Fenlee Ave., Royal Oak, MI 48073 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2045 Litchy Electric L.L.C. (#, 4035 E Post Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89120 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2030 E R Kilpatrick, LLC dba Jefferson Street True Value (#, 212 Greenwood St., La Grande, OR 97850 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2030 Sondra Gayle Insurance Agency Inc. (#, 2107 Veterans Memorial Blvd, Metaire, LA 70002 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2030 Terry A. Humphreys dba Tiki Torch Liquors (#) 101 Dallas St., Talihima, OK 74571 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 NetLevel5 LLC dba Moutain Air Duct (#, 4724 Poleplant Dr, Colorado Springs, CO 80918 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Spectrum Dynamics, Inc dba Clean Water Works (#) 27727 Dalton Bluff Court, Katy, TX 77494 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 
 F-236 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Southeastern Esthetics Institute, LLC and Pura Medical Spa, Corp, LLC (#, 1644 Main St. Ste 1, Columbia, SC 29201 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 UBIF 86 CO dba UBREAKIFIX (#, 1539 Town Center Dr, Lakeland, FL 33803 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Chris' Angels Cleaning Service LLC (#) 2090 Dunwoody Club Dr, Sandy Springs, GA 30350 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 KCL Business Service Inc. (#) 1042 San Fernando Rd., San Fernando, CA 91340 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 SLCP Transport, LLC (#, 111 Brentwood Dr, College Station, TX 77840 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Title2Land,LLC (#, 11851 Wentling Ave, Baton Rouge, LA 70816 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2045 Summerfield Farm, Inc (#, 24 Baker Rd, Pittstown, NJ 08867 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2045 US Dedicated LLC (#, 13410 SE 26th Cir, Vancouver, WA 98683 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2030 ASIL Ventures, LLC (#) 4354 N Bell Ave, Apt G2,, Chicago, IL 60618 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2030 N.W.F.F., Inc. and Environmental Contracting Solutions, Inc. (#, 687 E Central Ave, Sutherlin, OR 97479 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2030 Lynch Mining LLC (#, 7262 West Hunt Hwy, Queen Creek, AZ 85142 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2045 Price Educational Services, LLC dba Mathnasium of South OKC (#, 10740 S May Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73170 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2030 N.W.F.F., Inc. (#, 687 E. Central Ave, Sutherlin, OR 97479 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2045 AccountPics, LLC (#, 903 S WW White Rd, San Antonio, TX 78220 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 RJL Texas International Corporation (#, 17401 Triton,, Schertz, TX 78154 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Neeld Rentals Inc dba Mills True Value Hardware (#, 205 Clinton Blvd, Clinton, MS 39056 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Horne Chiropractic Center, P.A (#, 3820 Mountain Rd, Stes B C, Pasadena, MD 21122 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Edgar E. Herrera Garcia, Rocio L. D. Herrera dba Integral Delivery Ser (#, 3100 Delaware Ave, Des Moines, IA 50313 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 REST Enterprises Inc dba Upstyled Properties (#, 1440 W Taylor St Unit 595, Chicago, IL 60607 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Allied Molded Products, LLC, Clancy 15 LLC, and Crusader 5088, LLC (#, 1145 13th Ave East, Palmetto, FL 34221 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 
 F-237 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Tahzoo LLC (#, 1015 7th St. NW, Washington, DC 20001 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Splashlight Photographic Digital Studios LLC ,Splashlight Technologi (#, 75 Varick St, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10013 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Last Touch LLC (#, 927 E 10th St, Fairmont, MN 56031 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 People United of Louisiana LLC (#, 1401 Hudson Lane, Monroe, LA 71201 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Yinlink International Inc (#, 2 Corporate Dr, Suiite A, East Windsor, NJ 08512 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Pumpkin Patch Child Care and Early Education Center, LLC (#, 310 Grove Beach Rd N, Westbrook, CT 06498 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2045 Giant Development Inc and Crabtree Development Corp (#, 509 Pylon Dr, Ste 110, Raleigh, NC 27606 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Katie Cox Co. LLC (#, 6605 Longshore ST, Ste 240, Dublin, OH 43017 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Code 3 Apps LLC. (#, 843 Tempted Ways Dr, Longmont, CO 80504 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2030 Carolina Roofing Siding Painting LLC (#, 204 Depot St., Camponbello, SC 29322 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2045 Anthony Connelly Holdings LLC (#, 7260 Dean Martin Dr, Ste 800, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2030 Savannah Area Language Culture Exchange, LLC (#) 6 Dovetail Crossing, Savannah, GA 31419 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 David M. Benson LLC (#) 1422 Euclid Ave, Cleveland, OH 44115 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Highstar Travel Group, LLC (#, 2869 Wilshire Dr, Ste 204, Orlando, FL 32835 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Vege Investments, LLC dba Sunoco Homestead (#) 26400 SW 177th Ave, Homestead, FL 33031 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 McFarlin, LLP (#, 4 Park Plz Ste 1025, Irvine, CA 92614 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Signature Graphic LLC (#, 14425 N 79th St, Ste B, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Last Minute Effects Inc. (#, 1016 Hamline Place, Burbank, CA 91504 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2030 Vector Utilities LLC (#, 8501 San Gabriel Dr, Laredo, TX 78045 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Corple Enterprisees Inc (#, 17887 US Hwy 380 West, Ponder, TX 76259 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Efficient, Fast Good Cleaning Services Inc (#, 2444 NW 177th Terrace, Miami Gardens, FL 33056 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Accommodating Financial Tax Services, LLC (#, 1642 Ralston Circle, Toledo, OH 43623 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2045 
 F-238 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Aeromax Industries Inc (#, 1310 Ranchers Legacy Trail, Fort Worth, TX 76126 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Droplette Marketing Co (#, 6481 Orangethorpe Ave, Buena Park, CA 90620 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2030 Donald W. Harris dba Bowman Creek Mini Storage (#) 1625 US-59 N, Linden, TX 75563 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 Shattered Prism LLC (#, 3333 Broadway, New York, NY 10031 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 TJ Pant LLC and Tailored Cartage LLC (#, 25993 US 12, Sturgis, MI 49091 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 Jamali LLC dba Saahten (#) 2741 Raceway Fairfield West, Pensacola, FL 32503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 Premium Marketing Co. Inc. dba Vera Moore Cosmetics (#, 4 Shadow Lane, Woodbury, NY 11797 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 LTD Broadband, LLC (#, 69 Teahouse St, Las Vegas, NV 89138 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2030 M-Den, Inc (#, 315 Main St., Ann Arbor, MI 48104 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2030 Just In Time Refrigeration LLC (#, 6400 EDNA TAYLOR PKWY, MONONA, WI 53716 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2045 Inner Beauty Salon and Suite LLC (#, 825 Beecher St SW, Atlanta, GA 30310 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2045 HWH Unlimited, Inc. (#, 43386 Business Park Dr, Temecula, CA 92590 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2030 LBR Partners LLC dba Techy (#, 16430 Good Hearth Blouvard, Clermont, FL 34711 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2030 Zebra House Coffee, LLC (#, 1001 S El Camino Real, San Clemente, CA 92672 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2030 Tortuga Backpacks LLC (#, 340 South Lemon Ave, Walnut, CA 91789 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2030 CashLine Solutions, LLC (#, 467741 E 1050 Rd, Sallisaw, OK 74955 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2030 Northeast Coverages Inc. and Southeast Coverages Inc. (#, 910 Franklin Ave, Ste 210, Garden City, NY 11530 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2030 Travel with Love, LLC dba Style The Storyteller (#) 8465 W Sahara Ave, Ste 111, Las Vegas, NV 89117 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Indecon Builders Inc (#, 1382 Valencia Ave, Tustin, CA 92780 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Perez Law Office, PLLC (#, 80 N McClintock Dr, Chandler,, AZ 85226 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2045 Combs Creative LLC (#) 157 Antler Ridge Circle,, Nashville, TN 37214 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 
 F-239 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Paradise RV Sales and Rentals LLC (#, 7960 Dorchester Rd, North Charleston, SC 29418 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Pacific Contours Corp (#, 5340 E Hunter Ave, Anaheim, CA 92807 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 SME Business Services LLC (#, 930 Chesaco Ave, Rosedale, MD 21237 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Moxie Marketing, LLC (#, 51 Lee Dr, Palm Coast, FL 32137 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Staffhink Limited dba Barn Owl Drone Services (#, 4283 Deerfield Hills Rd, Colorado Springs, CO 80916 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Tina D. Coker DBA Diane's Accounting Service (#) 119 E Haywood St, England, AR 72046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 American Retail Properties, Inc. (#, 125 Main St. 2nd Floor, Reading, MA 01867 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2030 Jonathan J Klaczik LLC dba Veterans Fence Company (#, 7417 Dover Lane, Parma, OH 44130 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2030 Segreti Law Office, A Professional Corporation (#, 350 10th Ave,Ste 1000, San Diego, CA 92101 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2030 Hartley S Johnson Son, Inc. dba Mark T. Wendell Tea (#, 14a Craig Rd, Acton, MA 01720 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2030 LIAISON STAINLESS INC (#, 630 James Lee Dr NW, Suwanee, GA 30024 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2030 The Alder SmokeHouse LLC (#, 1055 Virginia Ave, North Bend, OR 97459 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2030 Flex Beauty Labs, LLC (#) 7512 Dr. Phillip Blvd, Orlando, FL 32819 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Next Level Detailing, LLC (#, 3235 Odeon Way, Ste 201-203, Acworth, GA 30102 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Dearly LOved Counseling, L.L.C (#) 14052 N Dale Mabry Hwy, Ste 215, Tampa, FL 33618 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Ellis Apex LLC dba Inage360 Marietta (#, 2060 Franklin Way SE, Ste 150, Marietta, GA 30067 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Thompson Enterprises of Florida LLC dba TCBY FROZEN YOGURT (#, 14543 SW 5th St., Pembroke Pines, FL 33027 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2030 Green Farm Inc dba Farmers Outlet (#) 1018 W SR 424 Ste 100, Longwood, FL 32750 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2030 Prosperity Tool, Inc (#, 2006 National Guard Dr, Plant City, FL 33563 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2045 The Number Masters (#, 3325 Highland St., Grove City, OH 43123 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2030 Italian Heritage Tile and Stone Inc (#, 4725 Morgan Territory Rd, Clayton, CA 94517 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2030 
 F-240 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 T.S.I.-VA, LLC and Alpha Business Services Inc. (#, 2525 Pointe Center Court, Ste 200, Dumfries, VA 22026 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2030 Master Printing and Signs Corp Artishirt Co. (#, 386 Squire Rd, Revere, MA 02151 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2045 Modutech Marine Inc (#, 2218 Marine View Dr, Tacoma, WA 98422 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2030 GoodGuyS Enterprises Inc dba Goodguys;Good Guy Enterprises;Good Guys (#, 1071 Serpentine Lane, Pleasanton, CA 94566 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2030 Protek Pest Control Inc, Protek Nurseries LLC Protek Irrigation LLC (#, 8712 60th Terrace South, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2030 Supersonic Cleaning Services Inc (#, 36 Seitz Terrace, Arlington, NY 12603 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/29/2030 Marcus Horn dba Versatile Styles and Cuts (#, 2018 24th Ave, Meridian, MS 39301 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/15/2045 Shades of U, Inc. dba Diva by Cindy (#, 15212 Hanover Pike, Upperco, MD 21155 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/9/2045 VIP Lawn Care Services LLC dba VIP Services (#, 3875 Fay Blvd, Cocoa, FL 32927 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2030 KTF Consulting Corp (#, 2471 N Geneva Terrace, Chicago, IL 60614 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/6/2030 The Hall at the Yard LLC dba The Hall on the Yard (#) 1412 Alden Rd, Orlando, FL 32803 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2031 South Park Hardware, LLC (#, 16074 South Park Ave, South Holland, IL 60473 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2045 Hazleton Oil Environmental, Inc (#, 300 Tamaqua St., Hazleton, PA 18201 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2045 Babys on Broadway LLC (#, 47 East Broadway, Little Falls, MN 56345 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2030 7PSolutions, LLC (#, 136 North Van Buren St., Nashville, IN 47448 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2030 Blakeslee Arpaia Chapman, Inc and Chapman Construction Services, LLC (#, 200 North Branford Rd, Branford, CT 06405 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2030 BulkMore LLC (#, 12741 Ocean Gateway, Ocean City, MD 21842 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2030 Mister Dexters LTD dba Shuga's (#, 702 S. Cascade Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2045 Mister Dexters LTD dba Shuga's (#, 702 S Cascade Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2030 Heriz Gallery Inc dba Pineville Rug Gallery (#, 312 Main St., Pineville, NC 28134 Textile Product Mills Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2045 Alliance Heating Air Conditioning, Inc. (#, 10 Brookfield Ave, Bridgeport, CT 06610 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2030 
 F-241 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Terry Tammy Jacobsen, Inc.dba Appliance Recycling Outlet (#, 10105 Airport Way, Snohomish, WA 98296 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2045 Terry and Tammy Jacobsen, Inc dba Appliance Recycling (#, 10105 Airport Way, Snohomish, WA 98296 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2030 Profit Stewards, LLC (#, 458 Schuylkill Rd, Phoenixville, PA 19460 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/2/2030 Caplan Home Care, LLC (#, 6029 Berkshire Lane, Dallas, TX 75225 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/1/2045 Montana Custom Log Homes, Inc. (#, 2036 US Hwy 93 North, Victor, MT 59875 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2045 Blackwater Diving LLC (#, 112 Forrest Rd, Morgan City, LA 70380 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2030 Suburban Transmission of Northern Illinois, Inc. (#, 1714 E Oakton St, Des Plaines, IL 60018 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2045 Tomco Inc. dba Rental City dba Tomco Equiptment Sales (#, 6470 State St., Saginaw, MI 48603 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2030 Dunaway and Hart, Inc (#, 575 Harkrider St., Conway, AR 72032 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2030 Patoruzu Inc dba Sharkey's Cuts for Kids (#, 18121 Tuckerton Rd, Ste 130, Cypress, TX 77433 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2030 Kris-Leigh Catered Living at Severna Park,LLC (#, 831 Richie Hwy, Severna Park, MD 21146 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2030 Firefly Developement LLC dba Firefly Earthworks (#, 4810 Vicksburg St., Dallas, TX 75207 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2045 Coffeestamp LLC (#, 2511 S Jefferson Ave, St. Louis, MO 63104 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2030 Mid Ohio Hospitality, LLC dba Bucks Bar and Grill (#, 192 E Main St, Mansfield, OH 44904 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2045 Forest Scientific Corporation (#, 668 Elm St., Tionesta, PA 16353 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2030 Kanga Lean, Inc. dba F45 Training Trinity (#, 8900 Strengh Ave, New Port Richie, FL 34655 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2030 Integrated Equipment Inc; Intergrated Elastomers Inc (#, 5701 Brittmoore Rd, Houston, TX 77041 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2045 Mark Allen Taylor dba Taylor Auction (#, 20 68 Westfield Rd, Nicholls, GA 31554 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 Stretch of NW Georgia, LLC dba Stretch Zone (#, 1430 Towne Lake Pkwy, Ste 26100, Woodstock, GA 30189 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 Rapid Trucking and (#, 4225 W Capitol Ave, West Sacramento, CA 95691 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2045 Native Fields Landscaping LLC and My Two Girls LLC (#, 73 Taylor Rd, Wharton, NJ 07885 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2045 Signet Media dba Signet Media inc. (#, 630 S 1st St, San Jose, CA 95113 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 
 F-242 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Astoria-Pacific Inc (#, 15130 SE 82nd Dr, Clackamas, OR 97015 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2030 GQ Investments LLC (#, 5772 Miami Lakes Dr, Miami Lakes, FL 33014 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2030 C3 Capital, Inc (#, 10010 North Hampton Cove Lane, Indianapolis, IN 46236 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2030 Quarles Service Systems, Inc. (#, 1740 September Ave, Memphis, TN 38116 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2045 Blue Dot Trading Inc (#, 3100 NW 72nd Ave, Miami, FL 33122 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2030 The Ugly Mug's Coffee and Tea Inc. (#, 1390 Broadway Ste C, Placerville, CA 95667 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2030 Peter Suzanne Scott, Inc., Phillip Showen Bryan Phelan (#, 2342 NY- 37, Port Covington, NY 12937 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 KR Enterprises, Inc. dba Carriage Inn (#, 1065 Tower Hill Rd, North Kingstown, RI 02852 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2045 Outcome Driven Innovation dba Spracht; Celltek, ODI, ODI Security (#, 974 Commercial St, Palo Alto, CA 94303 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Advans IT Services, Inc. (#, 65 Boston Post Rd W Ste 390, Marlborough, MA 01752 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Big Brand Management LTD. CO. dba Ivox Media (#, 512 E 11th St, Houston, TX 77008 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Minifox Inc. dba Pho Hoa and Jazen Tea (#, 10624 South Eastern Ave Stes R S, Hendersen, NV 89502 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/5/2030 Jones Roger Sherman Inn, Inc. dba Jones Roger Sherman Inn (#) 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/4/2030 Chet Lemon Enterprises, Inc. dba All American Sports (#, 1544 Lane Park Cut off, Tavares, FL 32778 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2031 14th State Learning, LLC dba Sylvan Learning, LLC (#, 1 Market Pl #10, Essex Junction, VA 05452 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2030 Toju Bay Inc. dba Fiesta Americana Restaurand and Club (#, 1622-1624 N. Mannheim Rd, Stone Park, IL 60165 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2045 LCSM Logistics Inc (#, 15735 Spectrum Dr, Addison, TX 75001 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2030 Breakers Electric, LLC dba Merrill Sports (#, 13600 Mustang Dr, Mead, CO 80542 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2030 Crux Solutions LLC dba Waddell's Riverside Funeral Directors (#, 6938 Westover St., Houston, TX 77087 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2045 GRSC, Inc. (#, 1643 NW Dove Ct, Stuart, FL 34994 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2030 
 F-243 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Feras Alshadaida dba Allura Dairy (#, 8809 N Grove Ave, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2030 M L ENTERPRIZES, LLC (#, 2401 Wrightsville Ave, Wilmington, NC 28403 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2030 Abe Chahrour Investment, LLC (#, 4001 S Wayne Rd, Wayne, MI 48154 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2045 Bora Enterprises, LLC (#, 44255-B Fremont Blvd,, Fremont, CA 94538 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2030 Skimino Enterprises LLC (#, 197 Ewell Rd, Williamsburg, VA 23188 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2030 Bell Oak LLC dba Bell Oak Academy Paradise Strategics LLC (#, 7215 Waelti Dr, Melbourne, FL 32940 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2045 Sherwood Sporthorses Inc. (#, 20502 Forestview, Magnolia, TX 77355 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2046 Alex Roit Chiropractic, P. C (#, 55 Northern Blvd, Ste 103, Great Neck, NY 11021 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2030 Little Feet Academy of Jacksonville, LLC (#, 10265 Normandy Blvd, Jacksonville, FL 32221 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2045 Romo Medical Equiptment LLC (#, 3453 North Panam Expressway, San Antonio, TX 78219 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 All Modes Transportation Logistics LLC (#) 4313 Collingtree Dr, Rockledge, FL 32955 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 Shaw, Ltd dba Fitness 1440 North Coventry (#, 54-58 Glocker Way, Pottstown, PA 19465 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2030 Red Rock Government Serviice, LLC (#, 45240 Business Court, Sterling, VA 20166 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2030 Damiano Global Corp. (#, 333 Birch Hills Dr, Rochester, NY 14622 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2030 Fortson Janitorial Inc (#, 462-482 Chattahoochee St., Cornelia, GA 30531 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2045 2'N1 Home and lawn LLC dba N1 Home an Lawn LLC (#) 1300 Ridenour Blvd, Kennesaw, GA 30152 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/3/2030 A1 Radon Services, LLC (#, 9980 Dell Rd, Eden Prairie, MN 55347 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2030 Daftarnow Inc dba Venture X Parsippany (#, 8 Campus Dr. Ste 105, Parsippany, NJ 07054 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2030 Spinnaker PSL Inc., Spinnaker Subs- N-Shine Spinnaker Vero Inc (#, 6967 Hancock Dr, Port St Lucie, FL 34952 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2045 Adorable Home Heath Care LLC (#, 6110 W Capitol Dr, Milwaukee, WI 53216 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2030 3 Fat Labs Inc. and Energy Conservation Solution Inc. (#, 2001 S County Rd 400 W, Greencastle, IN 46135 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2045 Codame Enterprises LLC dba Firehouse Subs (#, 1547 Main St., Dunedin, FL 34698 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2030 
 F-244 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Havana Knights LLC (#, 65 Lindsey Lane, Havana, FL 32333 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2030 Amina Financial Solutions LLC dba Expat Tax Solutions (#, 1433 Chestnut St., Macon, GA 31201 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/24/2030 Affinity Integrated Solutions Inc. (#, 115 Pomona Dr, Greensboro, NC 27402 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2045 Affinity Integrated Solutions Inc (#, 115 Pomona Dr, Greensboro, NC 27407 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2030 Align Sports Management, LLC (#, 15822 Caminito Cantaras, Del Mar, CA 92014 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2030 Emmalina LLC (#, 3602 Rock Bay Dr, Louisville, KY 40245 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2030 Motorsport Imagery, Inc (#, 16362 Cherokee Rd, Brooksville, FL 34601 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/17/2030 Lyon Cubs LLC dba Dayton Valley Learning Center (#, 357 Dayton Valley Rd, Dayton, NV 89403 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/16/2045 Luster Custom Homes LLC (#, 18801 North Thompson Peak Pkwy, Ste 240, Scottsdale, AZ 85255 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2030 VetMed LLC (#, 908 4th Ave, Decatur, AL 35601 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2030 Jordi X Kellogg, M.D.,P.C (#, 9200 SE 91st Ave STE 340, Happy Valley, OR 97086 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2030 CV Flores LLC dba A All Animal Control (#, 2140 E Southlake Blvd L-503, Southlake, TX 76092 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/9/2030 Global Information Technology, Inc (#, 1 Cragwood Rd, Ste 101, South Plainfield, NJ 07080 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2029 Bearwaters Brewing Company (#, 101 Park St, Canton, NC 28716 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2044 Nick's Country Kitchen, LLC (#, 3 Flanders Rd, Bethlehem, CT 06751 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2044 Home Decor Liquidators, LLC dba Home Decor Outlets;Home Decor Mattress (#, 8780 Pershall Rd, Hazelwood, MO 63042 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Larry J. Frick dba L S Trucking (#, 157571 E Wausau Ave, Wausau, WI 54403 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Kiddie Garden Child Development Center, LLC (#, 2809 W. Atkinson Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53209 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2044 Spinnaker Vero Inc. (#, 983 12th St., Vero Beach, FL 32960 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2044 Jauchem Meeh Inc.dba Gregory Meeh Design;Jermy Chernick Design (#, 524 Sackett St., Brooklyn, NY 11217 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Dilpreet Hundal dba Kwik Stop (#, 1001 Sacramento Ave, West Sacramento, CA 95605 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2044 
 F-245 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Vance Ewing LLC (#, 22940 Harlan Ln, St. Robert, MO 65584 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 Mankamana Holdings, LLc dba Perfect Brow Art, Mankamana Holdings, LLC (#, 7302 Kirby Ave, Lubbock, TX 79424 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Irony LLC dba Mulberry s Garment Care (#, 2579 Fairview Ave North, Roseville, MN 55113 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Pro-Tek Pest Control, Inc, Pro-Tek Nurseries, LLC, Pro-Tek Irrigation (#, 8712 60th Terrace South, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 American Landscaping Company (#, 6151 S St., Anchorage, AK 99518 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 
 313 Air Duct LLC Dba Jouny Cleaning Services, M J Restoration Emerge (#, 25150 W Warren Ave., Dearborn Heights, MI 48127 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 313 Air Duck LLC dba Jouny Cleaning Services, M J Restoration Emerge (#, 25150 W Warren Ave., Dearborn Heights, MI 48127 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 American Landscaping Company and Ground Effects Landscaping, LLC (#, 6151 A St., Anchorage, AK 99518 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 K S Hardware LLC dba Gopher Ace (#, 1865 Wayzata Blvd, Long Lake, MN 55356 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 A Family Member Homecare Group Inc, A Family Member Homecare Holdings (#, 11788 Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 Watearth Inc (#, 3371 Glendale Blvd Ste 208, Los Angeles, CA 90039 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Protek Pest Control, Inc. Pro-tek Nurseries LLC, Pro-Tek Irrigation (#, 8712 60TH TER South, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 Tatoo Tony's Under My Skin LLC (#, 73 Memorial Pkwy, Atlantic Highlands, NJ 07716 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2044 QXC Communications, Inc (#, 4541 N Dixie Hwy, Boca Raton, FL 33431 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2029 Icebox Cafe L.C. and Icebox Pantry, LLC (#, 219 NE 3rd St., Hallendale Beach, FL 33009 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2030 Bhatti LLC 2, Bhatti LLC (#, 1451 Coral Ridge Ave, Coralville, IA 52241 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/26/2029 Richwood Enterprises, LLC, Richwood Transport LLC, Richwood Transport (#, 2564 Branch St., Middleton, WI 53562 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2029 Synergistic-Designs, LLC (#, 493 Wilson Mill Rd, New Wilmington, PA 16142 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2029 Ink! Coffee Company (#, 2851 Larimer St., Denver, CO 80205 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2029 
 F-246 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC and International Aviation Sales, Ltd. (#, 2301 N Marginal Rd, Cleveland, OH 44114 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2029 512 E 11th Street LLC and Big Brand Management Ltd. Co. (#, 512 E 11th St, Houston, TX 77008 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2044 The Lamkin Group LLC and National Championship Enterprises LLC (#, 901 Lily Creek Rd, Ste 102, Louisville, KY 40243 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2029 Chris Farley DVM PA. dba Farley Veterinary Clinic (#, 6487 Taft St., Hollywood, FL 33024 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Shaddai Aesthetics Inc (#, 706 W. 34th St., Austin, TX 78705 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Romain Tower Inc. (#, 215 S Persimmon St, Tomball, TX 77375 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 ACC International LLC (#, 200 N Furnace St, Birdsboro, PA 19508 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 La Tradicion Cubana Inc (#) 9357 S.W. 40th St., Miami, FL 33165 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Macon Arts Center LLC (#, 4570 Pio Nono Ave, Macon, GA 31206 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 Kuros, LLC (#, 21221 Baron Lake Dr, Cedaredge, CO 81413 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2045 Kuros, LLC (#, 21221 Baron Lake Dr, Cedaredge, CO 81413 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2044 Nebulos, LLC (#, 5428 Twilight Way, Parker, CO 80134 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 GDIM Enterprises Inc dba AAMCO (#) 1657 Whiskey Rd., Aiken, SC 29803 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 United Capital Group LLC (#, 23022 La Cadena Dr, Laguna Hills, CA 92653 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 Skyfall LLC dba EZ Self Storage (#, 2705 US Hwy 45 North, Henderson, TN 38340 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2044 Premier Gaming Solutions Inc (#, 17 South Grand Ave, Pasadena, CA 91105 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2029 The Burlington Academy of Learning LLC (#, 10 Covey Rd, Burlington, CT 06013 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2029 HADD Corp (#) 364 Rugby Rd, Cedarhurst, NY 11516 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2029 J and K Project Management Consultants LLC (#, 350 Mc Donnell St, Lewisville, TX 75057 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2044 Signco America LP Sparkle corporation Inc. (#, 7938 Wright Rd, Houston, TX 77041 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2044 J and K Project Management Consultants dba A. C. T. Construction (#, 350 Mc Donnell St, Lewisville, TX 75057 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2029 
 F-247 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Farain Saremi dba USA Produce (#, 461 G St., Los Banos, CA 93635 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2044 Nulane Entertainment LLC (#, 4100 W. Alameda Ave # 300, Burbank, CA 91505 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Jen Macias LLC dba Duende (#, 2301 NW Thurman St., Portland, OR 97210 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Math Enrichment, LLC (#, 1009 E Capitol Expressway, San Jose, CA 95121 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 WURA LLC dba Dickey's Barbecue Pit (#, 4325 E. University Dr, Ste 40, Prosper, TX 75078 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 The Crane Guys, LLC (#, 14480 Alondra Blvd, La Mirada, CA 90638 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Dr Steven J Seidel (#, 42 Campeau Place, Bergenfield, NJ 07621 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 Essex Indoor Golf Center LLC (#, 23 Saybrook Rd, Essex, CT 06426 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2029 The Floor Covering Warehouse, Inc (#, 112 Orchard St., Stamford, CT 06902 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2044 Joyner5, Inc.dba British Swim School (#, 1000 Settlers Landing Court, Wake Forest, NC 27587 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2029 Stockton TRI Industries, LLC (#, 2141 E Anderson St, Stockton, CA 95205 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2044 Belle Properties Northwest, Inc. (#, 223 Ave B, Snohomish, WA 98290 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2044 Abylex, Inc and Worpex LLC (#) 7473 Reese Rd #2, Sacramento, CA 95828 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2044 Vaughn Chiropractic, PLLC dba Catalyst Chiropractic and Rehab (#, 10904 Baltimore St NE, Blaine, MN 55449 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2029 Chambers Funeral Home Crematorium PA Riverdale Park Crematory, LLC (#, 5801 Cleveland Ave, Riverdale, MD 20737 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2044 CCD Construction Services LLC dba Clearwater Outdoor Design, CCD Exca (#, 175 W Borgfeld Dr, San Antonio, TX 78260 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2044 Ciel Du Mel LLC dba Lala's Creamery (#, 134 Petaluma Blvd North, Petalumaca, CA 94952 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2029 SLCP Transport, LLC dba Aamco (#, 1407 Lomaland Dr, El Paso, TX 79935 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2029 Helping Hands Group Daycare dba Dawn to Dusk Learning and Child Care (#, 10 Tremont Rd, Tremont, PA 17981 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2044 Elita 7, LLC and Behavioral Nutrition Inc. (#, 16 Marble St., Worchester, MA 01603 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2029 Scott's Hardware, Inc., dba Medford Inc (#) 200 Tuckerton Rd, Medford, NJ 08055 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 
 F-248 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Bay Area Metal Fabricarion LLC (#, 510 -512 Stone Rd, Benicia, CA 94510 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 DB Talak LLC (#, 2018 SE 6th Ave, Portland, OR 97214 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2044 The Stout Group LLC (#, 10850 NW 138th St, Hialeah Gardens, FL 33018 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Eagle Eye Truck Lines LLC and Eagle Eye Logistics LLC (#, 560 56th St SW, Grand Rapids, MI 49548 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Glen Lamb dba Lambs Tree And Plant Health Care (#, 413 Pond Meadow Rd, Westbrook, CT 06498 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Wolf Pack, LLC (#, 939 South 25th East, Ste. 115, Ammon, ID 83406 Management of Companies and Enterprises Term Loan Prime plus 3/6/2030 Mazhar Family, Inc dba Edible Arrangements (#, 601 Portion Rd, Store #17, Lake Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Natalie Enterprise Inc (#, 2500 Grand Ave, Billings, MT 59102 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 Standard Capital Corp (#) 2349 Wessington Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Clearwater Engineering Inc (#, 301 N River St., Derby, KS 67037 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Used Tire Express 1, Corp (#, 437 N. Battlefield, Chesapeake, VA 23320 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Hook Line and Schooner Vinings LLC (#, 400 West Village Way #3009, Smyrna, GA 30008 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2029 Soto Injury Law Firm, PA and My Attorney Inc (#, 2050 Capital Circle NE Ste B, Tallahassee, FL 32308 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2029 Mega Sales Detergent Distributor, LLC (#, 1 Ackerman Ave, Clifton, NJ 07011 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2029 Codorado, Inc. dba Dentalmart (#, 10 Glorieta Rd, Sante Fe, NM 87508 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 American Bio Source, LLC dba Dieselgreen Fuels (#, 2522 N Hwy 287, Decatur, TX 76234 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Alice's Tea Cup, ATC !! LLC and ATC 111, LLC (#, 102 W 73rd St., New York, NY 10023 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Loading Arms Plus Inc (#, 5401 Mitchelldale St., Ste B4, Houston, TX 77092 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Behind the Scenes Chicago, LLC dba Paramount Events (#, 2744 W. Roscoe St., Chicago, IL 60618 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Kanti Group Inc, Marina 84 Sport Bar Grill LLC and Pub 52 Sports (#, 2440 Wesr State Rd 84, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Roots'n Shoots, LLC (#, 86 Boston Rd, Chelmsford, MA 01824 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 Haversack Holdings LLC (#, 7930 W Kenton Circle, Ste 260, Huntersville, NC 28078 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2029 
 F-249 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Fullmer's Landscaping, Inc. (#, 9547 W Third St., Dayton, OH 45417 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2029 Ultra Flow Dispense, LLC (#, 820 Prospect Hill Rd, Windsor, CT 06095 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2029 Ford Custom Renovation LLC (#, 405 Broadway St., Muncy, PA 17756 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2029 Hurricane Group, Inc.dba Crate Club Group (#, 101 San Patricio Ave, Ste 860, Guaynabo, PR 00968 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2029 B.S Carrier LLC and United Truck Trailer Repair LLC (#, 3716 Garman Rd, Salem, VA 24153 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2029 S C Cookies, Inc (#, 1969 Jericho Turnpike, East Northport, NY 11731 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Best Choice Meats, Inc, (#, 12646 S Springfield Ave, Alsip, IL 60803 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2044 ZUMI LLC dba Allstate Insurance (#, 1537 W 79th St, Chicago, IL 60620 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Cum Laude Enterprises, LLC (#, 15218 Penn Hills Lane, Houston, TX 77062 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 A N Design Studios Inc dba Door3 Business Application (#, 370 Lexington Ave Ste 1806, Manhattan, NY 10007 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Place Vendome Holding Co. Inc.dba R F Marketing (#) 308 Glenwood Rd, Swainsboro, GA 30401 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2044 Place Vendome Holding Co Inc.dba R F Marketing (#) 610 East Main St., Swainsboro, GA 30401 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Peanut Butter Co Inc (#, 119 West 57th St., Ste 300, New York, NY 10019 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2029 Coral Springs Family Wellness LLC (#, 2902 North University Dr, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2030 Weeping Willow Kennel Inc (#, 6041 Hammond School Rd, Salisbury, MD 21804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2029 The Rollin' Trapp LLC (#, 1731 Prevatt Rd, Dothan, AL 36301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2029 Cobb Roofing LLC (#, 8101 NW 10th St, Oklahoma City, OK 73127 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2029 AMH Construction, Inc. (#, 30 South Ivey Lane, Orlando, FL 32811 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2044 AMH Construction, Inc. (#, 30 South Ivey Lane, Orlando, FL 32811 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2029 Cable Management LLC (#, 290 Pratt St., Meriden, CT 06450 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2029 AD Learning Group, LLC dba The Learning Experience AD Learning NH (#, 181 Shunpike Rd, Cromwell, CT 06416 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2029 Ryan Selena LLC dba Head of the Class Learning Center (#, 1836 Kathleen Rd, Lakeland, FL 33805 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2044 
 F-250 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Lindsley Excavating LLC (#, 92 Town Line Rd, Fulton, NY 13069 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2029 Champions Of Diversity Media Inc dba Champions of Diversity (#, 5100 Transamerica Dr, Columbus, OH 43228 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2044 MToxins Venom Lab LLC (#, 717 Oregon St., Oshkosh, WI 54902 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2044 SSH Princeton LLC dba Stumpy's Hatchet House of Princeton (#, 745 Alexander Rd, Ste 1-3, Princeton, NJ 08540 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2030 Ninth Avenue, LLC (#, Empire Mall, 5000 W Empire Place, Room 916, Sioux Falls, SD 57106 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 Sean McNamara (#) 5639 Wood Lane, Allentown, PA 18106 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Rockin Robin Music Lessons LLC (#, 9029 Hwy 6, Ste 160, Missouri City, TX 77459 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Winning Sales Plan Inc (#, 17811 Fairhaven Gateway, Cypress, TX 77433 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 The Pinnacle Development Group Inc dba The Goddard School (#) 105 Springside Dr, Akron, OH 44333 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Ameen Enterprises, LLC dba Bargain Town (#, 1111 E Washington St, Stephenville, TX 76401 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 Potomac Nail Spa Corporation (#, 14901 Potomac Town Place,, Woodbridge, VA 22191 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 Two Roses Salon 1, Inc.dba National Fluid Power Institute (#, 908 S Jefferson St., Amarillo, TX 79101 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 Adrienne's Gourmet Foods, Imagine Baking Inc (#, 1034 Hancock St., Sandusky, OH 44870 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2044 Steven French dba French Woodworking (#, 1101 Horizon Dr Ste 101, Fairfield, CA 94533 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2044 HH Wireless Connect LLC (#, 48267 Deer Trail Dr, Canton, MI 48187 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 James Richard Farkas Jr. dba Lil Black Bear Inn (#, 8072 State Rd 46 East, Nashville, TN 47448 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2044 NJ Floats, Inc (#, 327 Route 202/206, Bedminster Township, NJ 07921 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2046 SSD Designs LLC (#, 486 Vance St, Forest City, NC 28043 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2030 Adrienne's Gourmet Foods, Imagine Baking, Inc (#, 1034 Hancock St., Sandusky, OH 44870 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/12/2029 East River Plumbing, LLC (#, 997 E Loop, Priest River, ID 83856 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2044 Integrated Vascular Services LLC (#, 1452 Franklin Ave, Salem, OR 44460 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/8/2029 
 F-251 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Link Recreational, Inc (#, 304 Business Hwy 53, Minong, WI 54859 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/7/2029 Link Recreational, Inc (#, 304 Business Hwy 53, Minong, WI 54859 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/7/2044 Fave Realty, Inc. (#, 217-84 Hempstead Ave, Jamaica, NY 11429 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Sunburst Trout Farm, LLC (#, 314 Industrial Park Dr, Waynesville, NC 28786 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 C P Trading and Sales Inc (#, 950 Peninsula Corporate Circle Ste 3016, Boca Raton, FL 33487 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 11900 Marshfield Station Inc (#, 11900 S Marshfield Ave, Calumet Park, IL 60827 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Kerzner Contracting Corp (#, 1620 Ocean Ave, Bohemia, NY 11716 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 L F Gullo Service Corp (#, 520 Main St, Westbury, NY 11590 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 The Committed Pig LLC (#, 28 West Park Place, Morristown, NJ 07090 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Guru Kirpa, Inc (#, 3006 New Castle Ave, New Castle, DE 19720 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Maine Service Corp (#, 59-24 55th St., Maspeth, NY 11378 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Mariscos El Oceano, Inc. (#, 5960 S Archer Ave, Chicago, IL 60638 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 MJ Group, Inc (#, 26691 Loma Verde, Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 D H Construction Services, Inc. (#, 711 Hospital St., Richmond, VA 23219 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Automotive Solutions, LLC (#, 1910 W. Dupont Rd, Fort Wayne, IN 46818 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Automotive Standard, LLC (#, 4028 Coldwater Rd, Fort Wayne, IN 46805 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2044 Sunburst Trout Farm, LLC (#, 314 Industrial Park Dr, Waynesville, NC 28786 Fishing, Hunting and Trapping Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 BGB Leasing Inc and BGB Leasing Co. (#, 50 Industrial Park Rd, Princeton, KY 42445 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Blue Agave Brothers, LLC dba Blue Apachie Mexican Restaurant (#, 905 Savoy Rd, Youngsville, LA 70592 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Lightning Strike Distributing, LLC dba Jedidiah's Jerky Gournet (#, 9912 Arizona Dr, Mohave Valley, AZ 86440 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Plastic Depot, Inc (#, 363 East Alondra Blvd, Gardena, CA 90248 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 BGB Leasing Co. (#, 50 Industrial Park Rd, Princeton, KY 42445 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2044 
 F-252 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Paul Wintner dba P R Props (#, 23901 Calabasas Rd, Calabasas, CA 91302 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2029 Corple Enterprises, Inc (#, 17887 US-380, Ponder, TX 76259 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 Proximo Consulting Services Inc (#, 2500 Plaza 5, Jersey City, NJ 07311 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 OWL Inc, (#, 5300 S Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL 32839 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 Perisseia Physicians LLC (#, 1644 Lebanon Rd, Lawrenceville, GA 30043 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2044 Marnon Vending LLC dba Naturals 2 Go San Antonio (#, 6713 Biscay Hbr, San Antonio, TX 78249 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/28/2029 Diamond Solutions LLC (#, 7845 East Evans Rd . Ste A, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2029 Landmark Ventures USA, Inc (#, 475 Park Ave S, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2029 Jbang LLC, WM Bang LLC, Bang Investments LLC (#, 125 Westchester Ave, White Plains, NY 10601 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2029 Four Ace Electrical Services Corporation (#, 3723 Far Niente Way, Sacramento, CA 95834 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2029 Sultan's Palace L.L.C. (#, 8125 West Sahara Ave, Ste 300, Las Vegas, NV 89117 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2029 Fimac Inc dba American Educational Services (#, 26300 La Alameda, Ste 200, Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/23/2029 James Clark and Company, Inc. (#) 8885 Haven Ave, Ste 120, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2029 Pyle Garage Doors OKC, INC dba Precision Door Service OKC (#, 8860 S Sunnylane Rd, Oklahoma City, OK 73135 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2029 Todd's Car Wash, LLC (#, 5505 Johnston St., Lafayette, LA 70506 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/18/2044 Roughcut LLC (#, 41540 National Rd, Belmont, OH 43718 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2029 Owens Family and Cosmetic Dentistry PLLC (#, 403 E College St., Pulaski, TN 38478 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2029 UNIQUE PAVER INSTALLATIONS, INC. (#, 4930 Mars Hill Rd, Bogart, GA 30622 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2029 Pine Mountain Residential LLC (#) 10240 Cosmopolitan Circle, Parker, CO 80134 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2029 Powerlift Dumbwaiters, Inc (#) 2444 Georgia Slide Rd, Georgetown, CA 95634 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2029 The Cow Harbor Beer Company LLC dba Sand City Brewing Co. (#, 19 Scudder Ave, Northport, NY 11768 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 
 F-253 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Glenda D Brewer dba Bargain Store (#) 107 Tabernacle Church Rd, Candor, NC 27229 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 S D Beauty Spa Inc dba Elite Nails, dba Bella's Nails dba Onyx Nail (#, 5604 Slide Rd, Lubbock, TX 79414 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 Q2 Ventures, LLC (#, 2805 W Arimo Rd, Arimo, ID 83214 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2029 Paketo LLC dba West Loop UPS Store (#, 623 W Lake St., Chicago, IL 60661 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 10/4/2029 A Child's Dream Educational Center LLC (#, 4127 NW 34th St., Gainsville, FL 32605 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Heart and Vascular Associates of Tampa, LLC (#, 17 David Blvd, Tampa, FL 33606 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 Joseph P Fusco DDS PC (#, 77 N Centre Ave, Rockville Centre, NY 11570 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 A Child's Dream Educational Center LLC (#, 4127 NW 34th St., Gainesville, FL 32605 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 AV Strategy, Inc (#, 9468 American Eagle Way Ste 100, Orlando, FL 32837 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 In Power Motors, LLC, In-Power Motors II LLC, In-Power Motors III LLC (#, 2301 W. Buckeye Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85009 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 International Protection Group, LLC (#, 481 8th Ave Ste 1130, New York, NY 10001 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 50 Taps, LLC dba Colorado Taproom Grill (#, 19539 Hess Rd Ste Ste #101, Parker, CO 80134 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Crown Waste Corp (#, 1 Plainview Rd, Bethpage, NY 11714 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Atlantic Pacific Hospitality Solutions Inc dba North Beach Bistro (#, 725 Atlantic Blvd, Atlantic Beach, FL 32233 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Meldi Maa, Inc dba The River Complex (#, 74 S Main St., Woonsocket, RI 02895 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2044 Wagner Sons Inc (#, 22365 Alydar Dr, Lexington Park, MO 20653 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Zima Dining Inc. dba Country Kitchen (#, 1497 N Mt. Vernon Ave, Colton, CA 92324 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Hoagie Barmichaels Inc (#, 1101 River Rd, New Windsor, NY 12553 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Universe Appliance Repairs Inc. (#, 3790 Merrick Rd, Seaford, NY 11783 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Aztec Machine Repair Inc, Cranrd Material (#, 1715 N 1st St, Bloomfield, NM 87413 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Double H Services, LLC, C T Oil Field Services, LLC and Brian S. Holma (#, 3721 North 162nd St., Garber, OK 73701 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 
 F-254 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Titan Laser Screed Concrete Services, LLC (#, 8908 Wildlife Lane, Sanford, FL 32771 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Universe Appliance Repairs Inc. (#, 3790 Merrick Rd, Seaford, NY 11783 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Stiegelbauer Associates Inc. (#, 63 Flushing Ave Unit 342, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2029 Zmetra Clearspan Structures LLC (#, 2 Old Worcester Rd, Webster, MA 01571 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Cherry and Candlewood Inc dba Aamco (#, 3029 South St., Long beach, CA 90805 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2044 Santa Fe Flooring LLC (#, 3711 Paseo Del Norte NE, Albuquerque, NM 87113 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2029 Adam's Construction General Contracting LLC (#, 7808 N Custer Rd, Freesoil, MI 49411 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2029 Byler, Wolfe, Lutsch and Kampfer CPAs, Inc (#, 360 East State St., Salem, OH 44460 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2044 Anderson's Outdoor Adventures, LLC (#, 4060 SW County Rd 232, Bell, FL 32619 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2029 Quality Machine of Iowa, Inc (#, 1040 4th Ave, Audubon, IA 50025 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2029 Flamingo Bowl, Inc (#, 3301 N 23rd St., McAllen, TX 78501 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2029 Unified Utility Services LLC (#, 206 Frankie Lane, Ladson, SC 29456 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2044 Standard Real Estate Services LLC (#) 500 West Silver Spring Dr, Ste K 200,, Glendale, WI 53217 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2029 Host Marketing, LLC (#) 206 Bell Lane, Ste B, West Monroe, LA 71291 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2029 Payne's Enviromental Service, LLC dba Bamaco (#, 5617 Causeway Blvd, Tampa, FL 33619 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2044 Vancole Investments, Inc. dba Smoothie King #913 (#, 876 Virginia Ave, Hapeville, GA 30354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2029 Natalie Hart LLC dba Lady of Luxury dba Country Sugar Events (#, 1702 Fawn Gate St, San Antonio, TX 78248 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2029 Win Health Institute, LLC (#, 711 E Valley Rd, Basalt, CO 81621 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2029 Game Station, Inc. (#, 2917 1st Ave SE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52402 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/16/2029 Bay Bowl Inc dba Shasta Lanes (#, 11093 Black Marble Way, Redding, CA 96003 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2044 The Steel Method LLC dba Sneeze It (#, 250 Passaic Ave Ste 200, Fairfield, NJ 07004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2029 Oak Park Social LLC (#, 14691 W 11 Mile Rd, Oak Park, MI 48237 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2045 
 F-255 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 ACSS CPA, LLC (#, 1016 S Texas Blvd, Weslaco, TX 78599 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2044 Prime Precision Machining, LLC (#, 845 Mandoline Ave, Madison Heights, MI 48071 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2044 Covert Recordings LLC (#, 31-65 138th St. Apartment 3K, Flushing, NY 11354 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2029 Prime Precision Machining, LLC (#, 845 Mandoline Ave, Madison Heights, MI 48071 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2029 Miami Squeeze Inc dba Miami Squeeze, LLC (#, 18315 W. Dixie Hwy, North Miami Beach, FL 33160 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2029 Body on Cue Health and Fitness LLC (#, 129 A Orpha Dr, Middlebury, IN 46840 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/6/2029 Philly Games Inc.dba Queen Rock Game Cafe (#, 607-609 S 2nd St., Philadelphia, PA 19147 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2029 Eco Electric LLC (#, 5380 Cameron St, Las Vegas, NV 89118 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2029 SVT Masonry Limited Liability Company (#, 1208 Houghton Lane, Bennington, VT 05201 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2029 Dog House Sportfishing Charters Inc (#) 83413 Overseas Hwy, Islamorada, FL 33036 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 No Push Backs, LLC (#) 5405 Neshaminy Blvd, Bensalem, PA 19020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 Camror LTD dba Jersey Mike's (#, 5946 Meijer Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45150 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2030 3C Consumer Network Designs LLC (#, 7676 Hillmont St., Ste 109, Houston, TX 77040 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2029 Double Scoop Ice Cream, LLC (#, 2970 Stonecrest Pass, Lithonia, GA 30038 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2044 Crown Heights Bunch O Bagels More Inc 361 Bagel Holding LLC (#, 361 Troy Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11213 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2029 Esquire Mini Mart LLC Morgan Store Building LLC (#, 12595 S Somerton Ave, Yuma, AZ 85365 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2029 Groton Bowling Center and Entertainment Inc (#, 27 Kings Hwy, Groton, CT 06340 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2044 Linsey Schwertdfeger,, Inc. (#, 740 Dennery Rd, San Diego, CA 92154 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 Blue Eagle Transport Inc.,Golden Eagle Tran and Green Eagle (#, 377 Boston Post Rd, Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 Khari E. J. Myers dba Khari Imagery 190 Minerva LLC (#, 190 Minerva St., Tonawanda, NY 14150 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2044 DB Talak LLC (#, 2018 SE 6th Ave, Portland, OR 97214 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 HRS2, LLC (#, 5410 Pipers Creek Court, Sugar Land, TX 77479 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 
 F-256 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 The Hometown Welcome Program, Inc Fredric Anthony (#, 107 S Nottawa St, Sturgis, MI 49091 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2029 Maryland Urgent Care, Inc. (#, 9831 Greenbelt Rd Ste 208 (Unit H-2), Lanham, MD 20706 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2044 ADA Internacional Inc (#, 10891 La Reina Rd, Ste 100, Delray Beach, FL 33446 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2029 Crystal S. Prado dba Crystal Clear Accounting (#) 34099 Tuscan Creek Way, Temecula, CA 92592 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2029 Elite Motors LLC (#, 1046-1050 Orange Ave, West Haven, CT 06516 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2029 SRJ construction Corp (#, 8358 W Oakland Park Blvd. #203E, Sunrise, FL 33351 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2029 PJT Logistics, Inc. (#, 2-4 Commerce Way, Auburn, NY 13021 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2029 The Roux Southern Kitchen, LLC (#, 252 FM 3162, Sandia, TX 78383 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2029 MS Integrated Psychotherapy Counseling, LLC (#, 1157 Main St., Clifton, NJ 07011 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2029 Metro R Services Inc. and Metal Roof Supplies, Inc. (#, 20 Universal Place, Carlstadt, NJ 07072 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2029 MB Nursery LLC dba The Garden Center (#, 15562 HWY-South, Whitehouse, TX 75791 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2029 William Martinez dba Bad Ass Coffee of Hawaii (#, 14101 Main St., Ste 4101, Hesperia, CA 92345 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Auto Unique LLC (#, 305 W Main St., Mayo, FL 32066 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2044 Signature Rooms, Inc. (#, 2066 Route 112, Medford, NY 11763 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2029 Accent Home Services LLC dba Benjamin Franklin Plumbing of Kansas City (#, 7748 Troost Ave, Kansas City, MO 64131 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2029 AJN Innovations LLC dba Burgerim (#, 6704 Main St., Miami Lakes, FL 33014 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/15/2031 American Healthy Vending, Inc (#, 5420 NW 161 St., Palmetto Lakes, FL 33014 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2029 Accelerate Educational Solutions, LLC dba Tutor My Success (#, 135 Clove Branch Rd, Hopewell Junction, NY 12533 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/14/2029 Ranson Excavating, Inc (#, 8343 Kaula Dr, Fair Oaks, CA 95628 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2029 Love Playing LLC (#, 2200 Eastridge Loop, San Jose, CA 95122 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2030 Elixir Enterprises, LLC dba Guilford Renee's (#, 637 Boston Post Rd, Guilford, CT 06437 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2029 
 F-257 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 A S Services LLC dba Kona Ice of Troy (#) 3888 Lightner Rd, Vandalia, OH 45377 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2029 Accord Law, APC (#, 82555 Grass Flat Lane, Indio, CA 92203 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2029 Leader Engineering-Fabrication, Inc. (#, 695 Independence DrIive, Napoleon, OH 43545 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2029 East Coast Flight Services, Inc and Aviation Consulting Enterprise (#, 27603 Pkwy Rd, Easton, MD 21601 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Billy Auto Inc (#, 632 N Broadway, Amityville, NY 11701 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2044 Canyon Lake Kids Academy, LLC (#, 130 Charter Oak Dr, Canyon Lake, TX 78133 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2044 Quick and Quality Services dba Bella Roma Pasta Pizza Farshad (#, 28940 Golden Lantern, Laguna Niguel, CA 92677 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Gray Rock Quarry, LLC and William E Dailey III (#, 54 West Milton Rd, Milton, VT 05468 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2044 La Mount Group LLC (#, 3111 Princeton Rd, Hamilton, OH 45011 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 St. Francis Home Health Inc (#, 5246 SW 8th St 103B, Coral Gables, FL 33134 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Genecco Produce, Inc. Leo Genecco Sons, Inc. (#, 1850 Rochester Rd, Canadaigua, NY 14424 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Living Spring Home Health Inc. (#, 18350 Kedzie Ave Ste 204, Homewood, IL 60430 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2029 Dant A Sandras, D.D.S. LLC (#, 13373 Hwy 3235, Larose, LA 70373 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Jbelis Stop N' Go, LLC dba Planet Smoothie (#, 2565 E 17th St, Ammons, ID 83406 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Aeromax Industries, Inc, HITM, Inc and TMCB LLC (#, 9027 Canoga Ave, Canoga Park, CA 91301 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2044 Grad Street LLC (#) 2437 Corinth Ave Apt 130, Los Angeles, CA 90064 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 Micheal Birch and Tracy M. Pierce (#, E 2947 H-44, Traunik, MI 49891 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2044 Sou's LLC (#, 739 NE MLK Blvd, Portland, OR 97221 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2029 Power Associates Inc. (#, 2766 West Good CT, Boise, ID 83702 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2029 Dan Dahlin Inc. (#, 16465 MN-65, Ham Lake, MN 55304 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2044 Moore Chiropractic Center, P.A. (#, 936 Roosevelt Trail Unit 1 2, Windham, ME 04062 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2029 Franklin Care Pharmacy Incorporated (#, 520 N Franklintown Rd, Baltimore, MD 21223 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2029 
 F-258 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 A W ALF, LLC dba A W Assisted Living Facility (#, 6600 Liberty Rd, Gwynn Oak, MD 21207 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 7/24/2044 Hardrock Alpha Enterprises, LLC (#, 5101 Stine Rd, Bakersfield, CA 93313 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 700 Services Inc.dba 700 Credit Repair (#, 1201 N Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75087 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 Lawrence Adeyemo Co LLC (#) 209-34 112 Ave, Queens Village, NY 11429 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 JDM2 Water Station LLC (#, 125 Chestnut Hill Dr, York, PA 17408 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2029 Bonfire Hot Yoga LLC (#, 3665 SW Hall Blvd, Beaverton, OR 97005 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2029 Ameritube, LLC (#, 1000 North Hwy 77, Hillsboro, TX 76645 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2029 Baton Rouge Cargo Services Inc (#, 6013 McRaven Rd, Jackson, MS 39209 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2044 Garage Floor Coating of MN.com,LLC (#, 6701 West 23rd St., St. Louis Park, MN 55426 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2044 Adam Family Bowl Inc (#, 1504 Chestnut St., Mishawaka, IN 46545 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2044 Bouquet Canyon Kennels (#, 29973 Bouquet Canyon Rd, Santa Clarita, CA 91390 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/16/2044 Beacon Metal Fabricators, Inc. (#, 5425-D Hamilton Ave, Cleveland, OH 44114 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2029 Last Touch, LLC (#, 1612 Jackson St., Spirit Lake, IA 51360 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/11/2044 Menskha Inc (#) 88 High St., Mountclair, NJ 07042 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/10/2029 D DeGregoria LLC dba The UPS Store 4235 Massapequa (#, 4940 Merrick Rd, Massapequa Park, NY 11762 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 7/10/2029 Nash-Delphia LLC (#, 2135 Gallatin Pike N, Store 4, Madison, TN 37115 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2029 Good News Cafe, LLC (#, 694 Main St. South, Woodbury, CT 06798 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 5161 LLC (#, 1478 E Mountain Dr, Santa Barbara, CA 93108 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Upul's Travel Service Tours Inc (#, 654 Shoppers Lane, Covina, CA 91723 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Sundown Audio, LLC (#, 514 West 21St St., Newton, NC 28658 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Balboa Fashion LLC (#, 1016 S. Towne Ave, Unit 123, Los Angeles, CA 90021 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Nevada Recycling and Salvage LTD, AMCB LLC (#, 1085 Telegraph St, Reno, NV 89502 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 
 F-259 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Crestview Ridge Farms LLC (#, 1172 Co Rd 956, Ashland, OH 44805 Crop Production Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Richmond Street Partners, LLC (#, 200 E Chestnut St, Chicago, IL 60611 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 K K Restaurant LLC (#, 6607 S Central Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85042 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Southern Specialties Transportation LLC (#, 116 Toledo Dr, Lafayette, LA 70506 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Jian Yang and Kanger House LLC (#, 48 Horse Hill Rd, Cedar Knolls, NJ 07927 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Kim Howard Corp dba NPN Machine Tools (#, 9130 Wayfarer Ln, Houston, TX 77075 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Port Huron Ophthalmology, PLLC dba Black River Optical (#, 1033 River St., Port Huron, MI 48060 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Advance Transit LLC (#, 574-614 Tonnelle Ave, Jersey City, NJ 07307 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 NJ Floats Inc (#, 1 Robertson Rd, Ste 13, Bedminster, NJ 07921 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Upul's Travel Service Tours Inc (#, 654 Shopping Lane, Covina, CA 91723 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Crescent Event Productions, Inc (#, 1327 Wood Branch Dr, Charlotte, NC 28273 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 S T Hardware Inc (#, 2300 Nooseneck Hill, Coventry, RI 02816 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2044 Ailky Corporation Wyspen (#, 352 Bedford St., Lakeville, MA 02347 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Pawfection Pet Services LLC (#, 177 W Cottonwood Ln, Ste 12, Casa Grande, AZ 85122 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 All-City Towing LLC, Jeffrey James Piller (#, 1213 W Mallory Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53221 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Lynx Inspection Technologies LLC (#, 8101 Miller Rd 2, Houston, TX 77049 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2044 Child Care Ventures LLC dba Childcare Adventures ELC (#, 3542 Glendale Ave, Toledo, OH 43614 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2044 Soft Touch Tissue Paper LLC (#, 1491 Hammond St., Bangor, ME 04401 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2044 Selective Automotive Accessories Group, Inc (#, 2221 Pelham Pkwy, Pelham, AL 35124 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Tekoa Enterpises, Inc (#, 1033 Cannon Bridge Rd, Cordova, SC 29039 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Soft Touch Tissue Paper LLC (#, 1491 Hammond, Bangor, MA 04401 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/26/2029 
 F-260 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Vanchoc Transport Inc (#, 137 3rd St, Brooklyn, NY 11231 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2029 Paradise Towing Recovery Inc (#, 1115 S. Horner Blvd, Sanford, NC 27330 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2044 Paradise Towing Recovery Inc (#, 1115 S Homer Blvd, Sanford, NC 27330 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2029 Spartan Technology Solutions, Inc (#, 125 Venture Blvd, Spartanburg, SC 29306 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2044 Professional Tire Limited Liability Company (#, 6655 Country Rd 32, Norwich, NY 13815 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2044 Sweets By Karla LLC (#, 3273 South John Young Pkwy, Kissimmee, FL 34746 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2029 Krsto, LLC dba Italian Butter Breadsticks (#, 34683 Nova Dr, Clinton Twp, MI 48035 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2044 Scissor Kids Inc (#, 63 Hebron Ave, Ste F, Glastonbury, CT 06033 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2029 Port Diesel L.L.C. (#) 3212 Alex Trask Dr, Castle Hayne, NC 28429 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Peninsula Self Defense LLC (#, 2766 Bay Rd, Redwood City, CA 94063 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Campuscuts LLC (#) 930 Robtrice Ct, Edmond, OK 73430 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 William Rose Inc (#, 1 Grace Cove Rd, New Shoreham, RI 02807 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2044 LuLuBelle's Mountain Banana Bread LLC (#, 31621 Pleasant Dr., Running Springs, CA 92382 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2045 Small Batch Creations Inc. dba The Office Bar Grill (#, 295 E WASHINGTON AVE, SUNNYVALE, CA 94086 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Central Texas Hygiene, LLC. (#, 10201 McKalla Place, Austin, TX 78758 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2029 International Institute for Learning Inc. (#, 110 E 59th St ,31st floor, New York, NY 10022 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2029 Zion Motors Inc (#, 6949 Wall Triana Hwy, Madison, AL 35757 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2044 Bader Furniture Company Inc. (#, 704 N Liberty St., Shamokin, PA 17872 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2029 Beck's Pub Grill LLC (#, N6630 WI-49, Weyauwega, WI 54983 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2044 American Demolition, Inc (#, 401 N Kuner Rd, Brighton, CO 80601 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2029 Comarco Quality Pork Products Inc, Comarco Pork Products of FL LLC (#, 501 Jackson St, Camden, NJ 08104 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2029 Kego 2 LLC dba Jon Smith Subs 80025 (#, 2001 W. Southlake Blvd Ste 143, Southlake, TX 76092 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 
 F-261 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 A S Services LLC dba Kona Ice of Troy (#, 3888 Lightner Rd, Vandalia, OH 45377 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2044 Law Office of Paula Padilla PLLC (#) 2211 E Highland Ave Ste 130, Phoenix, AZ 85016 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/13/2029 Ivesters Transportation, Inc (#, 4299 South 2675 West, Roy, UT 84067 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2029 Archer Cleaners Inc (#) 1514 W. 33rd St., Chicago, IL 60608 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2029 J A Elliott Company (#, 1118 Thornberry Dr, Clarksville, TN 37043 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2029 Neely Motorsports, Inc dba Earl's Store #1;Earl's Performance Plumbing (#, 15825-15827 Hawthorne Blve, Lawndale, CA 90260 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2044 Throop Family Holding Inc dba Klamath Basin Metals and Supply (#, 7130 Crater Lake Hwy, White City, OR 97503 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2029 Allison K. Chipak dba Still Photography (#) 195 Terrace Place, Apt. 2, Brooklyn, NY 11218 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2029 Skin Beauty Bar Inc (#, 749 8th St., Washington, DC 20003 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2029 Jamestown Quick Stop LLC (#, 3097 24th Ave, Hudsonville, MI 49426 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2044 Preferred Manufacturing Services Inc (#, 4261 Business Dr, Cameron Park, CA 95682 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2029 Oasis Senior Advisors Franchise Systems, LLC (#, 24870 Burnt Pine Dr, Bonita Springs, FL 34134 Lessors of Nonfinancial Intangible Assets (except Copyrighted Works) Term Loan Prime plus 6/4/2029 Evoke Growth Advisory LLC (#, 2600 Brookwood Way Dr, Unit 311, Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2029 G.S.A.T. Restoration Inc. dba Paul Davis Restoration Remodelin (#, 1450 Oakbrook Dr, Norcross, GA 30093 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 V M Transportation LLC (#, 1307 27th St. Apt B, North Bergen, NJ 07047 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 Morey Publishing LLC (#, 575 Underhill Blvd, Ste 216, Syosset, NY 11791 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 Martin Inventory Management, LLC (#, 304 1/2 Main St., Edgefield, SC 29824 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2029 SSD Designs, LLC (#, 486 Vance St., Forest City, NC 28043 Chemical Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2044 Inside Out Maintenance LLC (#, 1698 SW Pancoast St., Port St Lucie, FL 34987 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2029 Aspen Welding LLC (#, 28803 US-6, Rifle, CO 81650 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2044 AGR, Inc (#, 2-255555 Kaumualii Hwy, Kalaheo, HI 96741 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2044 
 F-262 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Brooklyn Breakfast Shop LLC (#, 7707 S IH 35 Frontage Rd #730, Austin, TX 78744 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2029 Canela Media Inc (#, 2715 Palomino Circle, La Jolla, CA 92037 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2029 PD Financial LLC (#, 364 Parsippany Rd, Unit 7-B, Parsippany, NJ 07054 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2044 SV Enterprise LLC dba Haagen-Dazs (#, 1885 Briargate Pkwy, Space D-413, Colorado Springs, CO 80920 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2029 Clowers Trucking By Faith LLC (#) 705 E Brookwood PL, Valdosta, GA 31601 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 2820 US HWY 98 N LLC dba Total Package Car Wash (#, 2820 US Hwy 98 N, Lakeland, FL 33805 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 Top Notch Roofing, Inc (#, 46 Cherry St., Milton, VT 05468 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 MCM Design LLC (#) 5926 Vinings Vintage Way, Mableton, GA 30126 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 McGuckin Pyle Inc (#, 120 Corporate Ln, New Bern, NC 28562 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2044 ES A, INC., A LAW CORPORATION (#, 1003 Bishop St., Honolulu, HI 96813 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2029 Anchor Up Fitness and Nutrition, LLC (#, 2464 US-29, Pensacola, FL 32505 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/21/2029 BD Branson Victorian LLC dba Branson Surrey Inn (#, 430 a/k/a 450 South Hwy 165, Branson, MO 65616 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2029 Kappa Investments LLC dba Buddy's Home Furnishings (#, 365 Lowe's Dr, Ste H, Danville, VA 24540 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2029 Covalent Holding LLC (#, 18 West Chestnut St.,Unit 2F, Chicago, IL 60610 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2029 AMP Trucking Inc (#, 1030 Gettysburg Ave, Clovis, CA 93161 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2029 CJNR LLC dba Chenney Bear Cafe, Elma Lodge Suites, Parkhurst Motel (#, 208 East Main St., Elma, WA 98541 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2029 Cut To The Chase 502 LLC (#, 6903 Lakegreen Ct, Louisville, KY 40291 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2029 Two Pie Lovers LLC dba Pizza Outpost (#, 302 E. Millitary Hwy U1122, Brackettville, TX 78832 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2044 The Lobster Pot Inc (#, 119 Hope St., Bristol, RI 02809 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2044 Aloha To Go LLC (#, 5903 Seminole Blvd, Seminole, FL 33772 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2029 NYM Solutions Inc.dba NYM Solutions, Inc (#) 12150 SW 128th St. CT Ste 209, Miami, FL 33186 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2029 
 F-263 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Folklore Music Exchange LLC (#, 617 Tennessee Ave, Charleston, WV 25302 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2029 EPIFAB,LLC (#, 1341 Brooks St. Unit D, Ontario, CA 91762 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Global Enterprises LLC dba Verdi Pizza (#, 3111 S Valley View Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89102 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Life View Prenatal Imagery, LLC (#, 312 79th Ave North, Myrtle Beach, SC 29572 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Mark Garvin dba Tipsy Canyon Winery (#, 150 Upper Joe Creek Rd, Manson, WA 98831 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2044 Art Amore Studios, LLC (#, 6507 Jester Blvd, Ste #107, Austin, TX 78750 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2029 Modern Trousseau, LLC (#, 125 Bradley Rd, Woodbridge, CT 06525 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/1/2029 DeVega Juice Co, - East Cobb, LLC dba Clean Juice Johnson Ferry (#, 1205 Johnson Ferry Rd Ste 124, Marietta, GA 30068 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Midlothian Hardware, Inc dba Grills True Value (#, 475 West 147th St, Midlothian, IL 60445 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2029 Sona USA, Inc (#, 15280 NW 79th Ct Ste 109, Miami Lakes, FL 33016 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2029 Pellegrin Marine Transportation, LLC (#, 117 Country Village Dr, Raceland, LA 70394 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2029 La Dolce Vita LLC. (#, 196 N. Holiday Rd, Miramar Beach, FL 32550 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2044 La Dolce Vita, LLC, La Dolce Vita Watersports LLC, LDV Golf Cart (#, 196 N. Holiday Rd, Miramar Beach, FL 32550 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2029 Jones Roger Sherman Inn, Inc. (#, 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/25/2029 All My Best Inc. (#, 4320 Anthony Court Stes 1,2,3, Rocklin, CA 95677 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/19/2029 ER DC McPherson Holdings, LLC (#, 6957 W Broward Blvd., Plantation, FL 33317 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2029 2Choice2Friends dba 2 N 1 Salad Bar and Grill (#) 901 W Braker Lane, Austin, TX 78758 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 Expert Building Services LLC (#, 74 Roosevelt St., Pequannock Township, NJ 07440 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 Modern Demo Services LLC (#, 10161 W Park Run Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89145 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 Rello, Inc. dba ID Salon (#) 8063 Jericho Turnpike, Woodbury, NY 11797 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 Pranamji Inc dba Ohara's Beverage Spot (#, 2300 Levit Rd, Lorain, OH 44052 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/16/2044 
 F-264 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Bill Berger LLC (#, 8728 Tireman Ave, Detroit, MI 48204 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 P. Moss Enterprises, LLC dba Garage Experts-Mid Atlantic (#, 3563 South River Terrace, Edgewater, MD 21037 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 Samco Food Corp dba C-Town Supermarket (#, 1761 Nostrand Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 Gilpin Enterprises, LLC dba Jon Smith Subs (#, 17790 State Rd 54, Lutz, FL 33458 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2029 Southern Gulf Construction, Inc. (#, 367 Pine Island Rd, North Fort Myers, FL 33903 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 J.T. ONeill Company, LLC (#, 19972 Willowin Farm Lane, Purceville, VA 20132 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2029 Maxiflex LLC (#, 512 Verret St., New Orleans, LA 70114 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/11/2029 VRGE Strategies LLC (#, 1155 15th St NW, Washington, DC 20005 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/10/2029 Georgetown Milling Co, LLC (#, 9001 Wentworth Springs Rd, Georgetown, CA 95634 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2029 FRAJOVI Urban Air, LLC dba Urban Air Trampoline Adventure Park (#, 1256 Indian Head Rd, Toms River, NJ 08755 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2030 Bose and Avinder, Inc.and Carmel and Preet Inc (#, 28201 Date Palm Dr, Cathedral City, CA 92234 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2029 Marnon Enterprise LLC (#, 6713 Biscay Hbr, San Antonio, TX 78249 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2029 Ren Investment Group Inc dba True Positon Manufacturing (#, 40 Sandra Dr, South Windsor, CT 06074 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 J Brothers Enterprises, LLC (#, 1101 NW 12TH Ave, Ava, MO 65608 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 EJ James Transport LLC (#, 3100 Drewsky Lane Unit 108, Fort Mills, SC 29715 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Outtasight Careers, LLC dba Gecko Hospitality (#, 109 W Fern St., Tampa, FL 33604 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Turtle Shirts, LLC (#, 10241 Metro Pkwy# 108, Ft Myers, FL 33966 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Complete Care IT LLC (#, 4801 South University Dr Ste 125, Davie, FL 33328 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Royalty Freight Inc. (#, 3728 W McKinley Ave, Fresno, CA 93772 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Pizzaplex L3C (#, 4458 West Vernor Hwy, Detroit, MI 48209 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Bhatti LLC dba Auntie Ann's Bhatti LLC 1 (#, 7219 Silver Mist Ave, North Chesterfield, VA 23237 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 
 F-265 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Reliable Power Group Inc. dba Batteries bulbs Pensacola (#, 6895 N. 9th Ave Ste B, Pensacola, FL 32504 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Bright Freight Solution, LLC (#, 1112 N Main St, Manteca, CA 95336 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Key HR Associates, Inc dba Parents Choice for Kids (#, 3150 West Park Dr, Burnsville, MN 55306 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Hamsons Inc. (#, 4900 Hopyard Rd, Pleasanton, CA 94588 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Bayco Enterprises, Inc (#, 128 Cowesett Ave, West Warwick, RI 02893 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 NuBe Business Group LLC (#, 2140 44th St SE, Ste 201, Grand Rapids, MI 49508 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 Stillwater Ventures, LLC (#, 8272 W. Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90048 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Raven's Place LLC (#, 13031 S Western Ave, Blue Island, IL 60406 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2044 J.C. Pallet Company, Inc. (#, 18427 New Kent Hwy, Barhamsville, VA 23011 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 GS Bath Inc (#, 5335 E. Kaviland Ave, Fresno, CA 93725 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 Custom Vinyl Products LLC (#, 260 Enterprise Dr, Newport News, VA 23603 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2044 Skaggs RV Outlet ,LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr, Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 Cocomo Joe's LLC (#, 3949 New Rd, Youngstown, OH 44515 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 PA Sobol Partners LLC dba Sobal (#, 206 Rohrerstown Rd, Lancaster, PA 17603 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2029 DC AG, LLC dba Big B Sales (#, 674 LA- 8, Sicily Island, LA 71368 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2044 Ocean Trans LLC and Dehal Trucking LLC (#, 1415 W Anderson St., Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2029 Cinco Fit LLC dba Cinco Fit (#, 23010 Highland Knolls Blvd, Ste G, Katy, TX 77494 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2029 Danielle Vance LPC, LLC dba Danielle Vance MA, LPC (#, 1127 Auraria Pkwy, Ste 201, Denver, CO 80204 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2029 Heritage Hills Athletics 1, LLC and Heritage Hills Athletics 1, LLC (#, 2880 Carol Rd, East York, PA 17402 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2044 District 5 Boutique LLC (#, 317 N Farview Ave, Paramus, NJ 07652 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2029 J C May Properties, LLC (#, 315 Sylamore Ave, Mountain View, AR 72560 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2044 
 F-266 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Virginia Industrial Plastics, Inc. (#, 2454 N East Side Hwy,, Elkton, VA 22827 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2044 Gary Krause dba Gary Krause Landscaping Design (#, 489 Hamilton Rd, Jacksonville, OR 97530 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2029 Virginia Industrial Plastics, Inc. (#, 2454 North East Side Hwy, Elkton, VA 22827 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2029 American Trails Transport, LLC (#, 8704 Grand Ave, Billings, MT 59106 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2029 Michigan Neurosurgical Institute P.C. (#, 9400 South Saginaw St., Unit 1, Grand Blanc, MI 48439 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Mega Trucking LLC and Olyimpian Industries LLC (#, 5979 NW 151st St, Miami Lakes, FL 33014 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Michigan Neurosurgical Institute, P.C., Optical Spine,LLC (#, 9400 South Saginaw St., Unit 1, Grand Blanc, MI 48439 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2044 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 1 Williams Lane, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Game Station, Inc. (#, 2917 1st Ave SE, Cedar Rapids, IA 52402 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2029 Marvellous Print Ship LLC (#, 605 W Main St, Oxford, KS 67119 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2029 Vanchoc Transport Inc (#, 137 3rd St, Brooklyn, NY 11231 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2029 B W Towing LLC (#, 701 Addison Rd, Painted Post, NY 14870 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2029 Panetcarne Inc.dba Jersey Mike's Subs Greenfield (#, 23077 Greenfield Rd, Southfield, MI 48075 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 Screening Services Group, LLC (#, 8670 Wilshire Blvd, Beverly Hills, CA 90211 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2029 Mill Creek Early Childhood Program LLC (#, 510 South Batavia Ave, Batavia, IL 60510 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2029 Alpine Remediation, Inc, T M Holdings, LLC (#, 14252 W 44th Ave Unit F, Golden, CO 80403 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2029 Precise Air Systems, Inc (#, 5467 W San Fernando Rd, Los Angeles, CA 90039 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2029 Wildflour Bakery Cafe LLC (#, 5137 Clareton Dr Ste 100,110 120, Agoura Hills, CA 91301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2029 D S Village Hardware LLC dba Cedar Mountain Country Store (#, 76 Ranch Rd a/k/a 3695 Movie Ranch Rd, Duck Creek, UT 84762 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2044 Seeds of Knowledge Creative Learning Center LLC (#, 15101 West McNichols Rd, Detroit, MI 48235 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2044 
 F-267 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Doble Rentals, L.L.C , Doble Rentals 2, LLC, Doble Rentals 3, LLC (#, 487 Elizabeth Lake Rd, Waterford, MI 48328 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2029 Monkey Bones LLC (#, 3361 Dayton Xenia Rd, Beavercreek, OH 45432 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2044 Wooter Apparel, Inc (#, 727 Page Ave., Staten Island, NY 10307 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2029 NY Scoops LLC dba Cool Suppliers and Breakneck Road LLC (#, 20 Silver Fox Lane, Sussex, NJ 07461 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2029 Shah Medical Center SC Heeena Shyamani (#, 484 Summit St, Elgin, IL 60120 Hospitals Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2044 Woodard Electric Services, Inc. (#, 1600 Carter Cove Rd, Hayesville, NC 28904 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2029 Matrix Z LLC (#) 800 SW 21st Terrace, Ft Lauderdale, FL 33312 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2029 Harbor Management Company Inc dba Jamba Juice (#, 5501 Josh Birmingham Pkwy Concourse A, Charlotte, NC 28208 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2029 Mia Restoration Inc dba PuroClean and Puroclean of Morristown NJ (#, 3633 B Hill Rd, Parsippany, NJ 07054 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2029 Rob Barletta's Hockey School, Inc (#, 2130 Providence Hwy, Walpole, MA 02081 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Bowl 360 Inc. (#, 98-18 Rockaway Blvd, Far Rockaway, NY 11417 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Bowl 360 Inc. (#, 98-18 Rockaway Blvd, Ozone Park, NY 11417 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Outler Transportation Services,LLC (#, 3775 Carriage Downs CT SW, Snellville, GA 30039 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2029 Integris Roofing, Inc (#, 1174 Yellostone Dr, Lake Arrowhead, CA 92532 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/15/2029 M M Burgers Inc dba Checkers (#, 530 Willis Ave, Bronx, NY 10455 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 Par-Man, Inc. dba Rockstar Tattoo (#, 450 Fremont St #109 and 113, Las Vegas, NV 89101 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2029 KHSE Parks, Inc. (#, 600 West Charles St., Matthews, NC 28105 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2029 Tony Herring Associates, Inc (#, 211 West Camellia Dr, Slidell, LA 70458 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2029 Gateway Veterinary Services, P.C. dba Liberty Animal Clinic (#, 9212 Liberty Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2044 Precedence Enterprises LLC dba Spartan Junk Removal (#, 8101 Sandy Spring Rd Ste 250N, Laurel, MD 20707 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2029 Shepherd Fitness, LLC dba Workout Anytime Ooltewah (#, 9408 Apison Pike, Ste 11, Ooltewah, TN 37363 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/8/2029 
 F-268 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 EJGR Corp dba Brite Energy Solutions (#, 87 Main St. Upper Level, Hastings-on-Hudson, NY 10706 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2029 Pamletics LLC dba F45 (#, 22015 IH 10 West, San Antonio, TX 78249 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2029 Creative Counseling Nashville PLLC (#, 4119 Gallatin Pike, Nashville, TN 37216 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2029 Hernando Beach Motel Inc.,The Purple Cow House of Pancake Inc (#, 4291 Shoal Line Blvd, Hernando Beach, FL 34607 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2029 Jesus and Son's Landscape Contractors, LLC (#, 4371 Durham Court, Denver, CO 80239 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2029 Employer Resource Services LLC dba Data Pool (#, 500 Research Rd, Richmond, VA 23236 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2029 MYC Motors Inc (#, 3808 Vegas Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89108 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2044 FNF LLC dba AK Wine Grotto (#, 11109 Old Seward Hwy, Anchorage, AK 99515 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2029 IGWT Coffee, LLC dba PJ's Coffee of New Orleans (#, 414 Union St, Nashville, TN 37219 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2029 MMC Investors, LLC dba Clean Juice (#, 2879 W 95th St. Ste 195, Naperville, IL 60564 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2029 Hilco Athletics Graphics Inc (#, 55 Green Hill St., West Warwick, RI 02816 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/16/2044 Fluid Connections LLC dba BurgerIM (#, 174 El Cerrito Plaza, El Cerrito, CA 94530 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 CMLCLEARWATERBEACH.LLC dba Cousins Maine Lobster (#, 309 Coronado Dr, Clearwater Beach, FL 33767 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/11/2029 HSR Tacos LLC dba California Tortilla (#, 11694 Sudley Manor Dr, Manassas, VA 20109 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 Rashed and Shabila LLC (#, 14865 Hwy 92, Woodstock, GA 30188 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2029 Romain Tower Inc. David Romaine, Sugar Land Crane and Rigging, LLC (#, 215 S Persimmon St,, Tomball, TX 77375 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2028 The Chop House Inc. (#, 191 Old Tower Hill Rd., South Kingstown, RI 02879 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2043 
 Superior Concepts Acquisition Corp (#, 1710 Tiles Ct, Grand Haven, MI 49417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2028 Nix and Nix Funeral Home North Inc, (#, 1621 W. Dauphin St., Philadelphia, PA 08065 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Superior Concepts Acquisition Corp (#, 1710 Tiles Court, Grand Haven, MI 49417 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Galt Insurance Group of Bonita Springs, LLC Bonita Safety Institut (#, 10911 Bonita Beach Rd SE Unit 104 A 104B, Bonita Springs, FL 34135 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 
 F-269 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Omega Funeral and Cremation Services,LLC (#, 9503 Kenwood Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45242 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 American Rewinding of NC Inc dba MTS (#, 1825 N Rocky River Rd, Monroe, NC 28110 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2028 East Breeze LLC dba Historic Springdale Pub and Eatery (#, 32302 East Historic Columbia River Hwy, Corbett, OR 97019 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2043 Medworxs Inc. (#, 6857 Timbers Dr, Evergreen, CO 80439 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2028 Fave Realty Inc. (#, 74 Larkfield Rd, East Northport, NY 11731 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2043 Green Valley Landscape Management Inc. dba Apopka Mower and Equipment (#, 2975 W Orange Blossom Trail, Apopka, FL 32712 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2043 Reservations Unlimited LLC (#, 312 W Main St., Red River, NM 87558 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/26/2043 BD Branson Victorian LLC dba Branson Victorian Inn (#, 450 South Hwy 165, Branson, MO 65616 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2043 RM Hawkins LLC (#, 5141 Topaz Dr, Colorado Springs, CO 80918 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2028 Timios Enterprises Corp dba Palm Court (#, 1912 N Arlington Heights Rd., Arlington Heights, IL 60004 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2043 Fifth Wheel Truck Stop 001, Inc. (#, 3767 South Golden State Blvd, Fresno, CA 93725 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Diamond Estates LLC (#, 110 Court St Ste 1, Cromwell, CT 06416 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Burgess and Dudley, Incorporated (#, 24462 NW 9th Place, Newberry, FL 32669 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 The Law Office of Jared E. Shapiro, P.A (#, 7777 Glades Rd, Ste 100, Boca Raton, FL 33434 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Royalty Freight Inc (#, 3728 W McKinley Ave, Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 LP Industries, Inc and Playground Packages, LLC (#, 2040 Norwood, Lenoir, NC 28645 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Accel Compression Inc.,Accel Workover Services Inc dba Mica Tool (#, 4500 S Country Rd, Odessa, TX 79768 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2044 Cammarata Associates LLC (#, 5 Greentree Center, Marlton, NJ 08053 Credit Intermediation and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 C D Trucking Equipment Service, Inc. (#, 4015 Jennings Rd, Cleveland, OH 44109 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2043 Precision Bytes LLC dba Tower Connect (#, 607 West Magnolia Ave, Fort Worth, TX 76104 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Baseline Health, LLC Baseline Health Management, LLC (#, 1101 Stewart Ave Ste 104, Garden City, NY 11530 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 
 F-270 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Sesolinc GRP, Inc. (#, 806 Randy Lowery Rd, Statesboro, GA 30461 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 ETS Tree Service Inc and Eastern Tree Service, Inc (#, 4813 Pinson Valley Pkwy, Birmingham, AL 35215 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Alaska Motor Home Inc (#, 6633 Brayton Dr, Anchorage, AK 99507 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Graff Excavating, Inc (#, 803 E State St., Toledo, IA 52342 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Local Liberty Inc dba The Wardsboro Country Store (#, 23 Main St., Wardsboro, VT 05355 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2043 Yellow Fin Marine Services LLC, K Marine XI, LLC K Marine VIII, LLC (#, 2043 Coteau Rd, Houma, LA 70364 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Flashii App, Inc. (#, 3031 Tisch Way, 1st Floor, San Jose, CA 95128 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Healthy and Fresco LLC (#, 1671 Belle Isle Ave Ste 110- Office C, Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2029 Roots N Shoots, LLC Yardplus LLC (#, 86 Boston Rd, Chelmsford, MA 01824 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 CK Green Partners, LLC dba Reis and Irvy"s Columbus (#, 5010 Augusta Dr, Westerville, OH 43082 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2029 Hotel Compete, LLC (#, 223 W Jackson Blvd, Chicago, IL 60606 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 Accent Comfort Services, LLC (#, 5035 W. W.T. Harris Blvd Ste C, Mecklenburg, NC 28269 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2028 Sheldon T Banks and Sheldon T Banks LLC dba Serenity Funeral chapel ll (#, G-2340 West Carpenter Rd, Flint, MI 48505 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2044 JejoJesi Corp dba Dukunoo Jamaican Kitchen, Dunkunoo (#, 316 NW 24th St., Miami, FL 33180 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2029 The Cromer Company (#, 9800 NW 78th Ave, Hialeah Gardens, FL 33016 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2028 Ventures TBD LLC dba The Bottle Tree (#, 102 Davis St., Belmont, NC 28012 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2043 Peanut Butter Co., Inc. (#, 119 West 57th St., Ste 300, New York, NY 10019 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Mediterranean Tastes Inc dba Mediterranean Tastes Since 1974 (#, 196-15 Northern Blvd, Flushing, NY 11318 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Alpha Landscape Contractors, Inc (#, 2823 Fllintstone Rd, Millers, MD 21102 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2029 Alpha Omega Trucking LLC (#, 14432-14452 Stateline Rd, Brookings, OR 97415 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 
 F-271 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Cordoba Foods LLC, Multi Logistics Network Inc, Karina Mena (#, 4477 E 11th Ave, Hialeah, FL 33013 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Healthy Human, LLC (#, 1007 Johnnie Dodds Blvd., Ste 123, Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Fitness Orlando LLC Fitness Orlando Oviedo, LLC (#, 160 Tuskawilla Rd Ste 1214, Winter Springs, FL 32708 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 L M Services, LLC (#, 560 Main St., Milford, UT 84751 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2043 Sound Contracting LLC (#, 148 Holmgren Place, Girdwood, AK 99587 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2028 Sound Contracting LLC (#, 148 Holmgren Place, Girdwood, AK 99587 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2043 OC Helicopters LLC (#, 19711 Campus Dr Ste 260, Santa Ana, CA 92707 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2028 The Miller Center for Esthetic Excellence, (#, 22 Old Short Hills Rd,, Livingston, NJ 07039 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2043 Plan B Burger LLC (#, 484 Farmington Ave, Hartford, CT 06105 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2029 Burton Realty Co., Inc dba Anchor Realty, Northeast (#, 2200 Michener St, Ste 12, Philadelphia, PA 19115 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2028 Tapia Auto Care, LLC dba Shoreline Quick Lube and Car Wash (#, 2 Center Rd,, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2043 Mateo Enterprise Inc dba El Milagro Market (#, 575 Panama Lane, Bakersfield, CA 93307 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2043 Tier1 Solutions LLC (#, 1000 Essington Rd, Ste 111, Joliet, IL 60435 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Airstrike Firefighters LLC (#, 18115 62nd Ave NE, Kenmore, WA 98028 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2028 Ashwood Food Services Inc. dba Jake Rooney's (#, 119 Brooks Rd, Harwich Port, MA 02646 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2043 Behind The Scenes Chicago, LLC dba Paramount Events (#, 2744 W. Roscoe St., Chicago, IL 60618 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Ashwood Food Services, Incorporated dba Jake Rooney's (#, 119 Brooks Rd, Harwich Port, MA 02646 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Mateo Enterprise Inc dba El Milagro Market (#, 575 Panama Lane, Bakerfield, CA 93307 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/12/2029 Googlyoogly, LLC dba Bi-Rite Supermarket (#, 10867 W Jefferson Ave, River Rouge, MI 46218 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2043 Hilltop Wine Shop, Inc dba Hiltop Wine Shop (#, 7505 Highland Rd, White Lake, MI 48383 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2043 Oregon Medical Training Private Career School Inc. (#, 1126 Gateway Loop, Ste 108, Springfield, OR 97702 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 
 F-272 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 TFE Resources ,LTD (#, 11 Easter Court Ste G, Owings Mills, MD 21117 Utilities Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 Duck's Nuts Inc dba Pet Place Market (#, 212 Bendigo Blvd. N, North Bend, WA 98045 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 EMES Supply, LLC (#, 35622 Vine St., EastLake, OH 44095 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/11/2029 White Wilson Associates LLC (#, 16238 Louis Ave., South Holland, IL 60473 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2043 Team Henry, LLC dba Kelly Automotive of Deltona (#, 1290 Doyle Rd, Deltona, FL 32725 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2043 ZLM Services LLC (#, 51343 Oro Rd, Shelby Township, MI 33444 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2029 Food Service Industry Consultants Inc. (#, 1465 Kelly Johnson Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80920 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/7/2029 CET Inc (#, 4709 N El Capitan Ave. Ste 205, Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/6/2029 Metro R Services Inc. and Metal Roof Supplies Inc. (#, 20 Universal Place, Carlstadt, NJ 07072 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/6/2029 Unique Home Solutions Inc. and Unique Home Solutions of Ohio (#, 5550 Progress Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46241 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2029 Levine Daycare Inc dba Kids R Kids (#, 415 Woodbury Rd, Orlando, FL 32828 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2029 The Altitude Group LLC (#, 949 A Clint Moore Rd, Boca Raton, FL 33487 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2029 Access Staffing, LLC (#, 360 Lexington Ave 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/4/2029 York Concrete Corp (#, 1 Plumb CT., Huntington Station, NY 11746 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2043 Swantown Inn and Spa, LLC (#, 1431 11th Ave SE, Olympia, WA 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 1/3/2029 Cabrera's Auto Services LLC (#, 2206 N Central Ave, Chicago, IL 60639 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2043 Hernando Beach Motel LLC,The Purple Cow House o APancake AInc. (#, 4291 Shoal Line Blvd, Hernando Beach, FL 34607 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2043 Luxury Furniture, Inc.dba Venicasa Luxe Home Interiors (#, 13762 W State Rd 84, Davie, FL 33325 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2028 Microplex Co, Third Market LLC (#, 244 Spokane Ave, Whitefish, MT 59937 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2028 Water Station Holdings LLC (#, 1104 N Keystone Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46201 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2028 Tammy's Place LLC (#, 235 North Mosby Ave, Littleton, NC 27850 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2044 Albert M. Quashie, DDS, PC (#, 3331 Toledo Terrace Ste 308, Hyattsville, MD 20782 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2043 
 F-273 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Albert M Quashie, DDS, PC (#, 3331 Toledo Terrace Ste 308, Hyattsville, MD 20782 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2028 JJB Production LLC (#, 458 N 7th St., Newark, NJ 07107 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2028 Level Up Gaming, Inc (#, 1132 Creighton Rd, Pensacola, FL 32504 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2043 True Love Christian Academy LLC (#, 466 E Raines Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Extreme Granite Corp (#, 251 NW 1st St., Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2043 Sky Wonder Pyrotechnics, LLC dba Sky Wonder Fire and Safety Gear Up (#, 3626 CR 203, Liverpool, TX 77577 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2043 Thames Aquatic Club, LLC (#, 14 Iron St., Ledyard, CT 06339 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2029 Best Global Alternative North, LLC (#, 69 Lewis Ave, Atlantic Beach, NY 11509 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 BEK Holdings LLC, Veseli Fine Art Galleries, LLC, Trusted.com LLC (#, 12930 Worldgate Dr, Herndon, VA 20170 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 M.A.W. Enterprises LLC dbaY-Not Pizza (#, 45 E Main St., New Palestine, IN 46163 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 On Call Electrical of Georgia LLC (#, 2120 Plaster Bridge Rd NE, Atlanta, GA 30324 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2043 Commonwealth Warehouse Inc (#, 11013 Kenwood Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45242 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2028 K A Automotive Inc (#, 2070 Nooseneck Hill Rd, Coventry, RI 02816 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2043 High Desert Transport, Inc. (#, 2973 Via Meridiana, Henderson, NV 89012 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2028 Cali Fit Meals (#, 3450 East Orangethrope Ave, Anaheim, CA 92806 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2028 Cocomo Joe's LLC (#, 3949 New Rd, Youngstown, OH 44515 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2028 Saunders Management LLC dba Northern Light Espresso Bar and Cafe (#, 536 Spruce St, Scranton, PA 18503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2028 Beau HB Inc dba Beau's Billiard, Bowling Arcade (#, 100 Village Rd, Port Lavaca, TX 77979 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2029 Beau HB Inc dba Beau's Billard, Bowling Arcade (#, 100 Village RD, Port Lavaca, TX 77979 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2043 Schafer Fisheries Inc. (#, 21985 Waller Rd, Fulton, IL 61252 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2028 US Dedicated LLC (#, 13410 SE 26th Circle, Vancouver, WA 98683 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2028 
 F-274 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Salon Femi LLC (#, 1107 Broad St., Bloomfield, NJ 07003 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2028 McNeill Stokes (#, 5372 Whitehall Pl SE, Mableton, GA 30126 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2028 Vancole Investments, Inc. dba Smoothie King #913 (#, 876 Virginia Ave, Hapeville, GA 30354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/7/2044 Peter Thomas Roth Labs LLC and June Jacobs Labs, LLC (#, 460 Park Ave, Floor 16, New York, NY 10022 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2028 Modutech Marine Inc (#, 2218 Marine View Dr, Tacoma, WA 98422 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2028 Abington Caregivers, LLC (#, 7804 Montgomery Ave Unit 3-6, Elkins Park, PA 19027 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2043 Steele Security, LLC dba Signal 88 Security of San Antonio (#, 11230 West Ave, Ste 2210, San Antonio, TX 78213 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2028 C.A.T.I. Armor, LLC (#, 435 Packard Hwy, Charlotte, MI 48813 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2043 UK, LLC dba Pita Pit (#, 20038 West Valley HWY, Kent, WA 98032 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2029 Organic Juice Bar Wexford LLC dba The OJB The Organic Juice Bar (#, 1500 Village Run Rd, Wexford, PA 15090 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2029 Ohio Gold Pawn LLC, Our New Building LLC and Corey Fischer (#, 3970 Everhard Rd, NW, Canton, OH 44709 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2028 The Face Place, LLC dba Classic Aesthetics (#, 4268 Cahaba Heights CT Ste 115, Vestavia, AL 35243 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2028 Bellas Sports Pub, Inc dba Brewmasters Tavern (#, 1152 Main St., Coventry, RI 02816 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2043 Shovels and Whiskey LLC (#, 446 SE Washington St, Hillsboro, OR 97123 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2043 Hackstaff Restaurants LLC (#, 248 W 1st. St. Ste 201, Reno, NV 89501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 Cater To You Agency, LLC, dba Cater To You (#, 1319 Sherrick Rd SE, Canton, OH 44707 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2043 Faydon, Inc (#, 1905 W Baker St., Ste A, Plant City, FL 33567 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2028 MB Click It Photography, LLC (#, 100 Manchester Ranch Place, Aynor, SC 29511 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2043 Wellfleet Consulting Inc. (#, 2275 Research Blvd Ste # 500, Rockville, MD 20850 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/9/2028 Apps Inc and Market Share Inc. (#, 80 Main St., Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 10/5/2028 Moore Care LLC (#, 8550 United Plaza Blvd., Baton Rouge, LA 79809 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/4/2028 
 F-275 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 SwabCo Inc. (#, 2341 East Ellis St., Leveland, TX 79336 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2043 La Venezia Corporation dba La Venezia Ballroom Robertos Lounge (#, 4646 SE 11th Place, Cape Coral, FL 33904 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2043 Throop Family Holdings, Inc (#, 7130 Crater Lake, White City, OR 97603 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2043 Burd Brothers Inc. (#, 4005 Borman Dr, Batavia, OH 45103 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 A-1 Van Sevices, Inc. (#, 154 Sandy Creek Rd, Verona, PA 15147 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 JAM Media Solutions LLC (#, 11 Netherwood Terrace, East Orange, NJ 07017 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 Rami Technology USA, LLC (#, 10400 NW 33rd St., Miami, FL 33172 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2028 Blackwater Diving, LLC (#, 112 Forrest Rd, Morgan City, LA 70380 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Blue Seven, LLC (#, 11111 San Jose Blvd, Ste 70, Jacksonville, FL 32223 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2029 TFR Transit Inc, The Free Ride Inc, South Florida Free Ride Inc. (#, 777 South Flagler Dr Ste 800W, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Quality Electric Data (#, 85 Franklin Rd Unit 9B, Dover, NJ 07801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 LG Law Center, Inc (#, 15452 Amar Rd, La Puente, CA 91744 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Quality Electric Data Inc. (#, 85 Franklin RD Unit 9B, Dover, NJ 07801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2043 Action Barricade Company, LLC and Barricade Holding LLC (#, 1802 N 27th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85009 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2028 Dentistry By Design, P.C (#, 315 Walt Whitman Rd Ste 204-205, South Huntington, NY 11746 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2028 US Shipping Trans Inc, Esteem Trucking Inc (#, 16102 Sweetwater Court, Lathrop, CA 95330 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2028 Ace Auto Recovery, Inc. (#, 1209 North Lane Ave, Jacksonville, FL 32254 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2043 Above and Beyond Preschool LLC (#, 672-678 Camellia Dr, Royal Palm Beach, FL 33411 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2043 LTS School, Inc. (#, 3731 NW 9th Ave, Deerfield Beach, FL 33064 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2043 Bhatti LLC, Bhatti 3 LLC, dba Auntie Annes (#, 7219 Silver Mist Ave, North Chesterfield, VA 23237 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2028 Phillip Ramos Upholstery Inc. (#, 3835 Elm St., Denver, CO 80207 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2028 
 F-276 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 DC Lofty, LLC, (#, 301 I St. NW, Washington, DC 20001 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2028 The Garden Club, LLC (#, 125 South DuBuque St., Iowa City, IA 52240 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2028 MillClem Corporation Monticello Corporation (#, 16660 Oak St., Dillwyn, VA 22936 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2043 Southern Services and Equipment, Inc. (#, 321 Bayou Rd, Saint Bernard, LA 70085 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2043 Southern Services and Equipment, Inc (#, 321 Bayou Rd, Saint Bernard, LA 70085 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2028 Watearth Inc (#, 445 South Figuerora Ste 3128, Los Angeles, CA 90071 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2028 Dash Point Distributing LLC, Dash Point Logistics LLC and Sara (#, 35000 Pacific Hwy, Federal Way, WA 98003 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2028 Super Station Inc (#, 8855 N Country Rd 25A, Pique, OH 45356 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2043 M P RV LLC dba M P RV (#, 10 Century Lane, Dillsburg, PA 17019 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2043 C3 Capital, Inc (#, 10010 N. Hampton Cove Lane, Indianapolis, IN 46236 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2028 DB Talak LLC (#, 2018 SE 6th Ave, Portland, OR 97214 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2043 E G Enterprises LLC dba Comfort Keepers (#, 220 Middle St., Franklin, VA 23851 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2028 Pastel de Feira LLC dba Original Pastel De Feira (#, 4244 Pine Ridge CT, Weston, FL 33331 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2028 Glendale Grill Inc, Roddy Cameron, Jr John K Symasko (#, 65 Glendale St., Easthampton, MA 01027 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2043 Culmination Motorsports, Inc. (#, 160 W 91st Ave, Unit B, Anchorage, AK 99515 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2043 Baby's on Broadway LLC (#, 47 East Broadway, Little Falls, MN 56345 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 L M Equipment, Inc (#, Mile 2.5 Alaska Peninsula Hwy, Naknek, AK 99633 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2043 QBS, LLC dba Sterling Optical Exton (#, 211 W Lincoln Hwy, Exton, PA 19341 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 J C Garcia LLC (#, 26 Broad St., Alexander City, AL 35010 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 Innovim LLC (#, 6401 Golden Triangle Dr Ste 200, Greenbelt, MD 20770 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/14/2028 Underground Productions LLC dba 31 Escape (#, 1731 Decatur Hwy, Fultandale, AL 35068 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2043 Innovative Network Solutions Inc (#, 31567 West 10 Mile Rd, Farmington Hills, MI 48336 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2028 
 F-277 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Rancho Paving, Inc (#, 339 Cypress Lane, El Cajon, CA 92020 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2028 Asheville Spine and Nerve Institute PC (#, 190 Broadway St Ste 205, Asheville, NC 28801 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2043 MurlinComputerCompany LLC dba Murlin Computer, (#, 1014 Thompson Blvd Ste 38B, Sedalia, MO 65301 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2028 Pelican Executives Suites, LLC (#, 2200 Colorado Ave Sutie 131, Santa Monica, CA 90404 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2028 Pool Guard of LA (#, 10866 Washington Blvd, Apartment #24, Culver City, CA 90232 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2028 Living Centers Inc. dba Veranda House Senior Living (#, 5129 E 5th St, Katy, TX 77493 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2043 XL Soccer World Orlando. LLC, XL Soccer World Saco LLC, XL Sports Worl (#, 825 Courtland St., Orlando, FL 32804 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2043 Extreme Engineering, Inc. (#, 598 Oliver Dr, Troy, MI 48084 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2028 Kotyark LLC dba Gibsonton Motel (#, 11545 US Hwy 41S, Gibsonton, FL 33534 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2043 Greenfield Hill Wines Spirits, LLC (#, 65 Hillside Rd, Fairfield, CT 06824 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2028 ARVAmethod LLC (#, 516 N Ogden Ave # 150, Chicago, IL 60642 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2028 Graphish Studio, Inc. (#, 231 Main St., Stamford, CT 06901 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2028 Atlas Geo-Constructors LLC (#, 3466 Thomasville Rd Winston, Winston-Salem, NC 27107 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Finn Emma LLC (#, 1275 Bloomfield Ave Building 5 Unit 28B, Fairfield, NJ 07004 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Montana Life Group, LLC (#, 8 N 9th Ave, Bozeman, MT 59715 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Wearware Inc dba FlyWire Cameras (#, 2204 Blackmoor Park Lane, Lexington, KY 40509 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2028 Zash LLC dba Papa Murphy's take 'N' Bake Pizza (#, 2303 White Bear Ave, Maplewood, MN 55025 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/23/2028 Buffalo Biodiesel Inc. (#, 225 Sawyer Ave, Tonawanda, NY 14150 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2028 GeoTek Alaska, Inc (#, 2756 Commercial Dr, Anchorage, AK 99501 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2044 ATI Jet, Inc. (#, 7007 Boeing Dr, El Paso, TX 79925 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2028 Lewins Law, P.C. (#, 7920 Belt Line Rd Ste 650, Dallas, TX 75254 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2028 
 F-278 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 GS Bath Inc (#, 5335 E Kaviland Ave, Fresno, CA 93725 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2028 Pamletics LLC dba F45 (#, 22015 IH 10 West, San Antonio, TX 78257 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2028 David D. Sullivan dba DMS Construction (#, 6400 Charwood Place, Bakersfield, CA 93306 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 8/9/2028 Crystal Shores Inc. dba Shorewood Laundromat (#, 700 West Jefferson St., Shorewood, IL 60404 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2028 Palanuk Associates, Inc.dba Wolfpk (#, 28110 SE Fern Dr, Boring, OR 97009 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/8/2028 Mercedes Cab Company, Inc (#, 35 Alden St., Province Town, MA 02657 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2028 CJNR, LLC (#, 208 East Main St., Elma, WA 98541 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2043 Ron's Pool and Spa Services LLC (#, 1419 NE 30th St., Pompano, FL 33064 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2028 Alma Jacobsen,ODD Family Eye Care Contact Lens LLC (#, 1700 Nottingham Way Ste 12A, Hamilton, NJ 08619 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2028 20th Century Lanes, Inc dba West Seattle Bowl (#, 4505 39 Ave SW, Seattle, WA 98116 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2028 Millwork Unlimited, Incorporated (#, 8264 Pine Cay Rd, Wellington, FL 33414 Wholesale Electronic Markets and Agents and Brokers Term Loan Prime plus 8/2/2028 Accel Compression Inc., Accel Workover Services, Inc (#, 4500 S Country Rd, Odessa, TX 79765 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2043 Accel Compression Inc., Accel Workover Services Inc. dba Mica Tool (#, 4500 S. Country Rd 1310, Odessa, TX 79765 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2028 Samy Optical LLC dba Site for Sore Eyes (#, 1350 Travis Blvd Ste 1507A, Fairfield, CA 94533 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/1/2028 CSL Services Inc (#, 7905 Browning Rd, Ste.312,314,316, Pennsauken, NJ 08109 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2028 Nunez Enterprises Corporation dba La Casa (#, 3330 Piedmont RD NE, Atlanta, GA 30305 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2028 Relevant Elephant ,LLC (#, ON320 Woodvale St, Winfield, IL 60190 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2028 TR Nails, LLC dba Simple Nails (#, 158 Great Rd, Bedford, MA 01730 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2028 674 Club LLC (#, 674 N Orleans, Chicago, IL 60654 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2043 ZA Trucking LLC (#, 5945 York Way, East Lansing, MI 48823 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2028 Smart-tel Communications LLC (#, 9720 W. Colfax Ave Ste 100, Lakewood, CO 80215 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2028 
 F-279 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Mother's Cantina LLC dba Mother's Cantina (#, 2810 Philadephia Ave Unit #10, Ocean City, MD 21842 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2028 HQTRONICS LLC (#, 10135 South Roberts Rd Ste 209, Palos Hills, IL 60465 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/13/2028 Smoove Move Productions, LLC dba Smoove Move Productions (#, 3932 North 16th St., Omaha, NE 68110 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/12/2028 Vital Inspection Professionals, Inc. dba VIP (#, 180 Airpark Industrial Rd, Alabaster, AL 35007 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/3/2028 US Cargo Express, LLC (#, 4735 22 Mile Rd, Utica, MI 48317 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/2/2043 M J Losito Electrical Contractor's, Inc (#, 98 Wooster St., Bethel, CT 06801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2028 Bio-Haz Solutions, Inc. (#, 23 Tonoli Rd, Nesquehoning, PA 18240 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2044 Bio-Haz Solutions, Inc (#, 23 Tonolli Rd, Nesquehoning, PA 18240 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2029 Critter Cabana, LLC dba Critter Cabana (#, 516 East Main St., Newberg, OR 97132 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2028 Corptek Solutions LLC (#, 2363 N. Hwy # 287 Ste # 111, Mansfield, TX 76063 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2028 Nick's Country Kitchen, LLC (#, 3 Flanders RD, Building #1, Bethlehem, CT 06751 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2028 Bengals, Inc. dba Royal Liquor Mart (#, 3714 E State St., Rockford, IL 61108 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2043 Peter Thomas Roth Labs LLC, June Jacobs Labs, LLC, (#, 460 Park Ave, Floor 16, New York, NY 10022 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2028 Sun Pools, Inc (#, 130 Holiday LN, Albany, KY 42602 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2043 Sun Pools, Inc dba Sun Fiberglass Pools (#, 130 Holiday Lane, Albany, KY 42602 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2028 DPF Filters Inc. (#, 2832 Golden State Blvd., Madera, CA 93637 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2028 Martha Beauty Supply And Braiding, Inc. (#, 538 E Boughton Rd, Bolingbrook, IL 60440 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2043 Sushi Prime, LLC and Vasilia Investments (#, 32 SE 2nd Ave, Delray Beach, FL 33444 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2028 The Desert House Assisted Living ,LLC (#, 11055 E Grove St, Mesa, AZ 85208 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2043 York Woods Tree Service, LLC dba York Woods Tree and Products, LLC (#, 300 Harold Dow Hwy, Elliot, ME 03903 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2043 Independent Life LLC (#, 4955 S Durango Dr, Ste124, Las Vegas, NV 89113 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2028 
 F-280 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 York Woods Tree Service, LLC dba York Woods Tree and Products, LLC (#, 300 Harold Dow Hwy, Eliot, ME 03903 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2028 Colovic Hackettstown Dairy LLC (#, 22 Route 57, Hackettstown, NJ 07840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2043 Mid America Motorworks, Inc and Yager Holdings L.P (#, 2900 North 3rd St., Effingham, IL 62401 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2043 Jones Roger Sherman Inn, Inc. (#, 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2028 Allen Theatre and Back Stage Cafe LLC (#, 36 East. Main St., Annville, PA 17003 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2043 Schumacker Recreation, LLC (#, 5325 S University Dr, Davie, FL 33328 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2028 Softrol Systems Inc dba Softrol Systems (#, 1100 Northpoint Pkwy SE, Acworth, GA 30102 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2028 Dianne Williams and Louis Williams dba Sweetlips Store (#, 3870 Sweet Lips Rd, Henderson, TN 38340 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2043 Oil Palace Inc. (#, 10408 Hwy 64 East, Tyler, TX 75707 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2043 Venzix Ventures Inc. dba Venzix (#, 750 Legend Oak Dr, Fountain, CO 80817 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2028 Tele Tax Express Inc (#, 166 Getty Ave, Paterson, NJ 07503 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2028 E J Sims Co. LLC (#, 28 Broad St., Bloomfield, NJ 07003 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2028 Team Sandy Blanton Realty, Inc (#, 1225 West Gregory St, Pensacola, FL 32502 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2043 Mastiff Studios LLC (#, 2919 West Colorado Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80904 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/13/2043 
 Camp K-9 Pet Resort Spa, Inc. (#, 18501 Le Claire Ave, Tinley Park, IL 60478 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2028 Icebox Cafe, L.C. and Icebox Cafe at Doral,LLC (#, 1855 Purdy Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33139 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2028 Beyond Grooming LLC and Michelle McWatters (#, 1200 Old Martindale Rd, San Marcos, TX 78666 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2043 Hardway Inc and A F C Leasing, Inc (#, 12533 S. 73rd East Place, Bixby, OK 74008 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2028 Sowells Consulting Engineers, LLC (#, 13430 Northwest Freeway #260, Houston, TX 77040 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2028 Funtime ,LLC dba Indoor Playgrounds International (#, 13200 West Foxfire Dr Ste 144, Surprise, AZ 85378 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2028 SSD Designs LLC (#, 10840 Bay Hill Club Dr, Charlotte, NC 28277 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2028 
 F-281 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Mastrocinque Restaurant Management Company LLC dba Santionii's (#, 3535 Hwy 17 Unit 14 15, Fleming Island, FL 32003 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2028 BTD Feed Nutrition, LLC dba Thomaston Feed Cheshire (#, 943 South Main St., Cheshire, CT 06410 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2028 Awan Business Management Group LLC, Awan Sign Company LLC (#, 14429 South Wallin Dr, Plainfield, IL 60544 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2043 Crowley Ventures, LLC (#, 665 Worthington Rd, Westerville, OH 43082 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2028 Starship, LLC dba Tint World Smyrna (#, 2274 S Atlanta Rd SE, Smyrna, GA 30080 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2043 Adow Pools LLC (#, 393 Glenbrook Rd, Stamford, CT 06906 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2028 Ocean Breeze Holdings, LLC, Ocean Beach Resort LLC Ocean Breeze (#, 3 Williams Ave, Mystic, CT 06355 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2043 Broadalbin Properties LLC dba Broadalbin Hotel 1854 Pub Eatery (#, 59 West Main St, Broadalbin, NY 12025 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2043 Dream Spa LLC and Dream Spa Greenwich LLC (#, 1220 Post Rd East, Westport, CT 06880 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2028 DMA Equipment LLC (#, 700 Lee St., Elk Grove Village, IL 60007 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2043 Chem-Flotronics, Inc. (#, 195 Paterson Ave, Little Falls, NJ 07424 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2028 Mark A Espinoza, DDS PLLC dba Central Dental Care (#, 9315 N Central Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85020 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2028 Clore Construction LLC (#, 21220 FM 1420, Harlingen, TX 78550 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2028 Joshua One Limited Liability Company dba Genesis Personal Fitness (#, 28 North State St. Unit 100, Newtown, PA 18940 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2043 James T. Hendel dba Autotexx Mobile Auto Repair (#, 5857 Hwy101 North, Rockmart, GA 30153 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/15/2028 Fireplace Outlet Inc (#, 8216 Main St., Williamsville, NY 14221 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/15/2028 Daniel Woodward, DC PLLC dba Doc's Body Shop (#, 3084 N Goliad St., Ste 114, Rockwall, TX 75087 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2028 Circle and Square, Inc dba Stamford Kumon (#, 50 Forest St. Ste 902, Stamford, CT 06901 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2028 Baby Gentry's Childcare Learning Academy (#, 4203 Shenandoah Dr, Dayton, OH 45417 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2028 Buy Gitomer Inc., Gitgo LLC.,GitGo Archives, LLC (#, 310 Arlington Ave Unit 329, Charlotte, NC 28203 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2043 
 F-282 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Schmaltz Operations LLC dba Companion Camp (#, 3408 Castle Rock Farm Rd, Pittsboro, NC 27312 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/7/2028 Container Shipping, LLC (#, 533 Nova Rd Ste 213B, Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2028 Wilbur Standford Jr Trucking and Excavating, LLC (#, 7505 North Chases Lake Rd, Watson, NY 13343 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2028 Olmsted LLC and 626 Van LLC dba Maison Yaki (#, 659 Vanderbilt Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11238 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2029 Brenden Kehren Development LLC (#, 14689 Gemara Rd, Sparta, WI 54656 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2028 Metropolitan Solutions Inc. (#, 1420 Chestnut St., Portsmouth, VA 23704 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2043 Corona Dance, LLC dba Huracan Dance Studio (#, 480 West Main St., Stamford, CT 06902 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2028 Saltamontes Tire Company, LLC (#, 1955 Boston Ave, Brodgeport, CT 06604 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2043 Sunlinc Inc (#, 170 Canterbury Court, East Windsor, NJ 08520 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2028 Little Angels Daycare and Learning Center LLC (#, 4551 Summit Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2043 Rory James Contracting LLC (#, 33 Bennett Place, Amityville, NY 11701 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2028 Kastoria Inc. dba Bantam Pizza (#, 768 Bantam Rd, Bantam, CT 06750 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2028 RWT Corporation dba Welding Works (#, 32 New Rd, Madison, CT 06443 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2043 LMH Optics LLC dba Sterling Optical (#, 1272 Smallwood Dr West, Waldorf, MD 20603 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 K S Hardware LLC (#, 1865 W Wayzata Blvd, Long Lake, MN 55356 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 Pledge 4 Hope LLC (#, 53 Bayberry Loop South, Purvis, MS 39475 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 RWT Corporation dba Welding Works (#, 32 New Rd, Madison, CT 06443 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 Matrix Z, LLC (#, 800 SW 21st Terrace, Ft Lauderdale, FL 33312 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2028 Joe Sons Service, Inc (#, 855 Atwood Ave, Cranston, RI 02920 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/24/2028 Spitnale's Garage LLC (#, 3761 Mahoning Ave, Youngstown, OH 44515 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2043 Just for Boats LLC (#, 459 Dupre Rd, McClellanville, SC 29458 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2043 Rosemarie Products Company LLC (#, 5400 Crooked Tree Dr, Mason, OH 45040 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2028 
 F-283 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Veterinary Preventive Care, LLC (#, 945 Riverview Ct, Xenia, OH 45385 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2028 A New Dawn Psychotherapy Associates, LLC (#, 308 E Broad St, Bethlehem, PA 18018 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2043 Southern HVAC LLC (#, 119 Ouachita 212, Camden, AZ 71701 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2043 Southern HVAC LLC (#, 119 Ouachita 212, Camden, AR 71701 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2028 Southern Oaks Athletic Club, LLC (#, 15253 Shenandoah Ave, BATON ROUGE, LA 70817 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2043 Patricia A. Freeman Samuel C. Freeman dba Teenas Pizza (#, 35 E Main St., Pekin, IN 47165 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/13/2043 Precision Components Group Inc (#, 190 Doty Circle, West Springfield, MA 01089 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/11/2028 Sexy Nails Center LLC (#, 57 Passaic St., Garfield, NJ 07026 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/10/2043 Mark Baker (#, 1653 Evalie Dr, Fairfield, OH 45014 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2028 Innovation Transport LLC (#, 1 International Blvd, Ste 400, Mahwah, NJ 07495 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2028 Shree Lakshminarayyn Grocery Stores LLC (#, 3307 Charles St., Rockford, IL 61108 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2043 Newsome Mobile Notary LLC (#, 8153 12th Ave SW, Seattle, WA 98106 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/5/2028 Master Roofing and Siding Inc. (#, 1 Paragon Dr # 122, Montvale, NJ 07645 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Romancing the Stone (#, 140 Centre of New England Blvd, Coventry, RI 02816 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 Alaska Industrial Paint LLC (#, 229 Whitney Rd, Unit B, Anchorage, AK 99501 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Fifth Wheel Truck Stop 001 (#, 3767 S Golden State Blvd, Fresno, CA 93725 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 Michael S Brown Physical Therapy, P.C (#, 300 Hempstead Tpke Ste. 3 4, Hempstead, NY 11552 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 America's Little Leaders Academy, Inc (#, 2570 NW 152nd Terrace, Opa-Locka, FL 33054 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 Payne's Environmental Services LLC (#, 5617 Causeway Blvd, Tampa, FL 33619 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 Technical Ordnance Solutions,LLC (#, 9950 Business Circle, Ste 13, Naples, FL 34112 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 3/30/2028 Alaska Industrial Paint LLC (#, 229 Whitney Rd Unit B, Anchorage, AK 99501 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 GQ Investments,LLC (#, 5772 Miami Lakes Dr East, Miami, FL 33014 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 
 F-284 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Kaz Wellness, LLC dba Grounded Wellness Center (#, 104 Clover Court, Bartlett, IL 60103 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2028 Lou Choo Enterprises Inc. (#, 2101 West Hunting Park Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2044 Clancy 15 LLC and Allied Molded Products LLC (#, 1145 13th Ave East, Palmetto, FL 34221 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2028 Corning Lumber Company Inc Frank R Close Son Inc dba True Valley (#, 111 E. Laurel St., Willows, CA 95988 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2028 Clancy 15 LLC and Allied Molded Products LLC (#, 1145 13th Ave East, Palmetto, FL 34221 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2043 Montage Mountain Resorts, LP (#, 1000 Montage Mountain Rd, Scranton, PA 18505 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2043 Cartwright Termite Pest Control Inc. and Cartwright Termite Pest Co (#, 1376 Broadway, El Cajon, CA 92021 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2028 K.C. Communications, Inc. (#, 2715 Saturn St., Brea, CA 92821 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2028 Aque Investment Group LLC (#, 3838 N. Sam Houston Pkwy E, Houston, TX 77032 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Cable Management, LLC (#, 200 Pratt St., Meriden, CT 06450 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 All Regional Recyclers of Wood LLC dba ARROW (#, 104 Wooster St., Bethal, CT 06801 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Denton BioFuels LLC and Amercian BioSource, LLC (#, 624 W. University Dr.#359, Denton, TX 76201 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Sunshine Tents and Event Rentals LLC (#, 2322 SW 58th Terrace, West Park, FL 33023 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Shweiki Media Inc dba Study Breaks Magazine (#, 4954 Space Center Dr, San Antonio, TX 78218 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Kajun Martial Arts LLC (#, 36546 Mission St., Prairieville, LA 70769 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 New York Label Box Corp (#, 50 Oval Dr, Islandia, NY 11749 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2043 Sofasco, Inc (#, 182 Garber Lane, Winchester, VA 22602 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2043 GeoTek Alaska, Inc (#, 2756 Commercial Dr, Anchorage, AK 99501 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2043 RTSP Union LLC (#, 2438 Route 22 East, Union, NJ 07083 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2028 Rexco Foods LLC dba Papa John's (#, 18640 Fm 1488 Ste C, Magnolia, TX 77354 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2028 Cest Chic Concepts, LLC dba Salon Cest Chic (#, 15231 Hall Station Rd Unit 104, Bowie, MD 20721 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2028 Petroleum Equipment Services, Inc (#, 5631 Silverado Way Unit G, Anchorage, AK 99518 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2028 
 F-285 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Camerabots Media, LLC (#, 4501 Ford Ave Ste 207, Alexandria, VA 22302 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2028 CTD Operations Inc (#, 219 Saint Nazaire Rd STE G, Broussard, LA 70518 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2028 Rojenco, Inc. dba Buggy Bathe Auto Wash Lube Detail Shoppe (#, 2217 Richmond Rd, Williamsburg, VA 23188 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2043 Rojenco II,Inc. (#, 4357 Shore Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23455 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2043 Rojenco II, Inc. (#, 4357 Shore Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23455 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2043 Rojenco, Inc. dba The Buggy Bathe Auto Wash Lube Detail Shoppe (#, 2217 Richmond Rd, Williamsburg, VA 23188 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2043 Summit Insights Group LLC (#, 19 Briant Pkwy, Summit, NJ 07901 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2028 2b Mom Inc dba Mom's the Word Maternity (#, 3150 18th St., Ste 435, San Francisco, CA 94110 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2028 Dante Ultimate Cleaning Service LLC (#, 16969 River Park Dr, Covington, LA 70345 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2028 SRG Waterfront LLC (#, 88 District Square SW, Washington, DC 20005 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2028 Unpainted Arizona, LLC dba Westside Bowl (#, 2617 Mahoning Ave, Youngstown, OH 44509 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2043 BC Bishop Enterprises LLC dba 9Round Pooler (#, 105-107 Grand Central Blvd, Pooler, GA 31322 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/2/2028 Merciful Heavenly Homes, LLC (#, 401 Dillar's Mill Rd, Tyner, NC 27980 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Fixed 2/28/2043 Urban Fitness Group LLC dba Crunch Fitness Group LLC (#, 2800 S IH-35, Ste 220, Round Rock, TX 78681 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2028 Connie Engelbrecht (#, 20640 Raven Dr, Eagle River, AK 99577 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2028 The Law Offices of Samuel R Miller LLC (#, 7405 Lake Worth Rd, Lake Worth, FL 33467 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2043 Betty's Catering Corp, Betty's Decoration Wedding Center Inc. (#, 94-33 Corona Ave, Corona, NY 11373 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2043 Jackpine Technologies Corporation (#, 1 Mill Main Pl., Ste 330, Maynard, MA 01754 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 2/22/2028 Crossfit iQ LLC (#, 346 Pike Rd, Bay 8 9, West Palm Beach, FL 33411 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2028 Wellfleet Consulting Inc. (#, 2275 Research Blvd Ste 500, Rockville, MD 20850 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/21/2028 Town Country Transportation Co. (#, 191-193 Arch St., New Britain, CT 06051 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/16/2028 
 F-286 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Lulinjett LLC dba All American Printing Design (#, 4621 Bayshore Rd, Fort Myers, FL 33917 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2043 Margab Inc dba Smoothie King (#, 14200 SW 8th St Unit #102, Miami, FL 33184 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2028 JumboMarkets, Inc. (#, 15500 SW Trail Dr, Indiantown, FL 34956 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/13/2028 Tony Herring Associates, Inc. (#, 211 West Camellia Dr, Slidell, LA 70458 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2028 Start UP Dreams, Inc dba SDC Concrete (#, 30521 134th St SE, Sultan, WA 98294 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2028 Quality Machine of Iowa, Inc (#, 1040 4th Ave, Audubon, IA 50025 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2028 Apps Inc., Market Share, and Singular Leaseholdings LLC (#, 800 Village Walk #159, Guilford, CT 06437 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 2/8/2028 De La Vega LLC dba De La Vega Deland and De La Vega Oviedo (#, 128 North Woodland Blvd, Deland, FL 32720 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2028 Macrotech Integrated Management Solutions dba Extreme Lawn Care (#, 2425 Durrance LN, Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2028 Midlothian Hardware Inc dba Grills True Value (#, 4751 West 147th St., Midlothian, IL 60445 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 2/2/2028 Rocco'sLandscaping LLC (#, 151 Kitts Lane, Newington, CT 06111 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2043 USA General Investment LLC dba Braniff Paint and Body Shop (#, 2290 NW 21st Terrace, Miami, FL 33142 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2028 WydeBodi, LLC dba Wyde Bodi Auto Tags (#, 706 North 37th St., Philadelphia, PA 19104 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2043 New Phaze Packaging Inc (#, 9533 Irondale Ave, Los Angeles, CA 91311 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/26/2043 Concrete Services LLC and James Ward (#, 24 County Rd 901, Jemison, AL 35085 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/25/2028 Flair Interiors, Inc dba Giant Don's Flooring America (#, 7725 Old Seward Hwy, Anchorage, AK 99502 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/24/2028 Tier1 Solutions LLC (#, 1000 Essington Rd, Juliet, IL 60435 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/23/2028 Lavish Specs Inc (#, 262 Glen St., Glen Cove, NY 11542 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2028 Weeping Willow Kennels, Inc. (#, 6041 Hammond School Rd, Salisbury,, MD 21804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2028 Lou Choo Enterprises Inc dba Lou Choo Lounge (#, 2101,2103 2105 West Hunting Park Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2043 MedWorxs Inc. (#, 6857 Timbers Dr., Evergreen, CO 80439 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2028 
 F-287 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Specialized Dairy Processors LLC and Nathaly Zapata (#, 2200 N Commerce Pkwy, Weston, FL 33326 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/16/2028 Work of Heart Inc dba Little Nest Portraits (#) 1000 Merdian Blvd, Ste 112, Franklin, TN 37067 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 1/10/2028 Human Resource Time Manager LLC (#, 2737 Humphrey St., East Elmhurst, NY 11369 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2028 Sandfree Systems LLC (#, 116 Cricket Ave Ste B, Ardmore, PA 19003 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2028 Crad Holding LLC dba Neighborhood Laundry of Bloomfield (#, 60 Dodd St., Bloomfield, NJ 07003 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2028 Social Link LLC (#, 41Peabody St., Nashville, TN 37210 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2027 Farec, Inc (#) 30250 W Nine Mile Rd, Farmington, MI 48336 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 12/29/2042 Anderson Farms Inc (#) 271 West Hwy 30, Burley, ID 83318 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/22/2027 Muckamuck Trucks, Inc. (#, 510 S Spring St., Ukiah, CA 95482 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Medical Plaza of Boro Park PC (#, 1266 51St 1st Floor, Brooklyn, NY 11219 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 O'Rourke's Diner, LLC (#, 728 Main St., Middleton, CT 06457 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Landmark Ventures USA Inc (#, 475 Park Ave South 25th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Salida Family Chiropractic-PPLC dba Salida Sport and Spine (#, 203 G St., Salida, CO 81201 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2027 Blue Lagoon Resort, LLC dba Hill View Cottages (#, 3670 Lake Shore Dr, Lake George, NY 12845 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2042 CT Auto Spa LLC (#, 39 Albany Turnpike, West Simsbury, CT 06092 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2027 DHD Enterprise LLC dba Edible Arrangements #1699 (#, 828 Washington Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33139 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2027 DBMS Consulting, Inc. (#, 164 West 83rd St.- Units 1F/1P, New York, NY 10024 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2027 Auto Excellance of Fort Myers Inc. (#, 3105 Fowler St., Fort Myers, FL 33901 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2042 1-0 Granny's Helpful Hands, LLC (#, 705 East Lake St., Minneapolis, MN 55407 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 Legion Bowl, Inc Legion Pub Inc (#, 661 Park St., Cranston, RI 02910 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2042 Ocean Trans LLC Dehal Trucking LLC (#, 1415 W. Anderson St., Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2042 
 F-288 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Peanut Butter Co., Inc (#, 119 West 57th St., Ste 300, New York, NY 10019 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 KR Calvert Co, LLC (#, 1620 Westgate Circle Ste 100, Brentwood, TN 37027 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 Royalty Freight Inc (#, 3728 W Mckinley Ave, Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 Atlas Geo-Constructors, LLC (#, 3466 Thomasville Rd, Winston Salem, NC 27107 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 AADJ Empire Inc and AADJ Galaxy Inc. (#, 1599 Post Rd, Warwick, RI 02888 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2042 Heung Kyun Im (#, 6235 Conlan Bay Dr, Houston, TX 77041 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 LP Industries Inc. dba Childforms (#, 2040 Norwood St. SW, Lenoir, NC 28645 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2027 Nichols Fire and Security LLC (#, 1906 Vanderhorn Dr, Memphis, TN 38134 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2042 Hardway Inc AFC Leasing Inc (#, 12533 S. 73rd E. Place, Bixby, OK 74008 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2027 LPB LPB Property Management Inc dba Wilderness View Cabins Ellijay (#, 498 Wilderness View, Chatsworth, GA 30705 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2042 Clore Construction LLC (#, 21220 FM 1420, Harlingen, TX 78550 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 A-1 Van Services Inc (#, 154 Sandy Creek Rd, Verona, PA 15147 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 Jai Ganeshai LLC, Mahiveera 1 LLC, Mahiveera 2 LLC KSVP LLC (#, 1120 Wren School Rd, Piedmont, SC 29673 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 AV Strategy Inc (#, 9468 American Eagle Way Ste 100, Orlando, FL 32837 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2027 Clear Sound Communications, Inc (#, 680 Old Medford Ave, Medford, NY 11763 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2027 Kim Howard Corp dba NPN Machine Tools (#, 9130 Wayfarer Lane, Houston, TX 77075 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/7/2042 ODS Inc (#, 626 N Delsea Dr, Glassboro, NJ 08028 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2027 Healthcare Interventions, Inc dba Brightstar Healthcare of Brightstar (#, 5300 W. Atlantic Ave. Ste 501, Delray Beach, FL 33484 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2027 Oil Palace, Inc. (#, 10408 Hwy 64 East, Tyler, TX 75707 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2042 PS Camping Inc. (#, 43595 US Hwy 50, Canon City, CO 81212 Accommodation Term Loan Fixed 12/1/2027 Utara LLC (#, 214 Pine St, Sandpoint, ID 83864 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2027 
 F-289 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Square1 Partners, LLC (#, 1088 Greenbriar Lane, Northbrook, IL 60062 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2027 Linda Jean Howard Riley dba The Rusty Bolt (#, 22345 W. Rt 66, Seligman, AZ 86337 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2042 Salud Bar Grill LLC (#, 1413 Bushwick Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/1/2027 WTI Distribution Inc (#, 5491 E Francis St, Ontario, CA 91761 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2027 J. Venture Holdings, LLC (#, 2285 St. Andrews Ave, Zachary, LA 70791 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2027 OPH Lexington, Inc (#, 235 Walton Ave, Lexington, KY 40502 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2042 Our Playhouse Preschool, LLC (#, 3501 NC Hwy 54 W, Chapel hill, NC 27516 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2042 Beacon Brewing LLC and C' Sons, LLC (#, 700 Lincoln St., Lagrange, GA 30204 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2042 Webtez Inc dba Mod Vans (#, 920 Graves Ave, Oxnard, CA 93003 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2027 Step Up Academy of the Arts, LLC (#, 2258A Wigwam Pkwy, Henderson, NV 89074 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2027 JMD Corporation dba Dart's True Value (#, 121 South Main St., Payette, ID 83661 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2027 Grumpy's Restaurant Company, LLC (#, 834 Kingsley Ave, Orange Park, FL 32073 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2027 Cali Fit Meals (#, 3450 East Orangethrope Ave, Anaheim, CA 92806 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2027 PB Market LLC dba Pure Barre (#, 164-C Market St, Charleston, SC 29401 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2027 B Lam LLC (#, 9419 Kenwood Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45242 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2042 Maya Motel, LLC dba Town House Motel (#, 1701 Washington Ave, Waco, TX 76701 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2042 Southern Specialty Contractor, LLC Ronald David Holbrook Jr. (#, 1990 Flippen Rd, Stockbridge, GA 30281 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2027 H H Hotshot Services, Inc. (#, 5455 N. 51st Ave Ste 30, Glendale, AZ 85301 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 11/16/2027 Auto Rx LLC,J P Auto Repair Inc (#, 91 95 Woodbury Rd, Hicksville, NY 11801 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2042 J R Wholesale Tires Auto Center, LLC (#, 822 Cameron Lane, Lugoff, SC 29078 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2042 Marcaco LLC (#, 124 Lincoln Ave, Colonie, NY 12205 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2042 Paramount Dance Studios Inc. and Homestead Dance Supply (#, 112 N Krome Ave, Homestead, FL 33030 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2043 
 F-290 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Wing King at the Gardens LLC (#, 4235 South Fort Apache Rd, Ste 250, Las Vegas, NV 89147 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2027 JNP Delivery Inc (#, 4500 North Providence # 7, Appleton, WI 54913 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Fixed 11/7/2027 His Loving Hands Christian Academy, Inc. (#, 15020 Harrison St., Miami, FL 33176 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/6/2042 Sterling Campbell Insurance Agency, Inc (#, 36359 North Gantzel Rd Ste 102, San Tan Valley, AZ 85140 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2027 S S Auto Body Shop Inc. (#, 5001 W. Clay St., Richmond, VA 23230 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2042 Top Quality Dent Service LLC (#, 1541 Vapor Trail, Colorado Springs, CO 80905 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2027 Rachael Reel dba Rachel Reel Insurance Age (#, 208 Bank St., Lenoir, TN 37771 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2027 Die Hard Used Car Sales (#, 1668 West Grand Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2042 The Five Lakes LLC (#, 13705 Holmes Rd, Kansas City, MO 64154 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/30/2042 Blue Eagle Transport Inc , Golden Eagle Transport, Inc Green Eagle (#, 377 Boston Post Rd Unit B, Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2027 Sage Oil LLC (#, 8913 Egyptian Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89143 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2027 Ashore Ventures Inc dba PuroClean Professional Restoration (#, 909 SE Everett Mall Way Ste A-140, Everett, WA 98208 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2027 Suzie LLC dba Tony D's Restaurant (#, 92 Huntington St., New London, CT 06320 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2042 Grand Blanc Lanes, Inc. (#, 5301 S. Saginaw Rd, Flint, MI 48507 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2027 Schafer Fisheries Inc (#, 21985 Waller Rd, Fulton, IL 61252 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/25/2027 The Jig, LLC (#, 3115 Camp Phillips Rd, Wausau, WI 54403 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 10/24/2042 Island Refrigeration AC Inc (#, 3201 Flagler Ave, Unit 510 511, Key West, FL 33040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/18/2042 Blueridge Armor LLC (#, 1495 Hwy 74-A Bypass, Ste 150192, Spindale, NC 28160 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/17/2027 H and K Dry Cleaning LLC ,Quintero Shopping Center LLC,Aqua Laundry (#, 1227 Burnside Ave, East Hartford, CT 06108 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Fixed 10/17/2042 Cortez Landscaping, LLC (#, 4 Powder Rd, Norwalk, CT 06854 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2027 On Call Services LLC (#, 15060 281St Ave NW, Zimmerman, MN 55398 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2027 
 F-291 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Pro Anderson, LLC (#, 1092 Hampton Inn Way, Ste 400, Jacksonville, NC 28546 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2027 Becky Lou Corp dba Rent A Center (#, 3578 Route 611, Ste 210, Bartonsville, PA 18321 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2027 Ains Holding Company LLC (#, 122 W. 26th St., New York, NY 10001 Management of Companies and Enterprises Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2027 Dan Cline Transport Inc. (#, 501 State Dr, Mount Vernon, MO 65712 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2030 Harco Metal Products Inc (#, 7895 East Acoma Dr Ste 102, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2042 Sashshel Corporation (#, 676 Franklin Blvd, Somerset, NJ 08873 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2042 Threads of Time LLC (#, 207 S Buchanan St., Danville, IL 61832 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/29/2042 Pets A Go Go LLC (#, 589 North State Rd, Briarcliff Manor, NY 10510 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2042 Rhode Island Tennis Management LLC (#, 636 Centerville Rd, Warwick, RI 02886 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2042 Nicholson Lumber Co Inc. (#, 377 Main St., Nicholson, PA 18446 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2030 Rhode Island Tennis Management LLC (#, 636 Centerville Rd, Warwick, RI 02886 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2042 Complete Care IT LLC (#, 4801 South University Dr, Ste 125, Davie, FL 33328 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2027 Technologist Inc (#, 3120 Farview Dr, Ste 610, Falls Church, VA 22042 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2027 Inspirations Food Design, Inc (#, 1338 Memorial Ave, West Springfield, MA 01089 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2042 KB Waterjet Cutting LLC (#, 4330 Parker Lane, Addis, LA 70710 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2027 JPS Arthur Kill Rd Bakery Corp dba Aunt Butches of Brooklyn (#, 4864 Arthur Kill Rd Units 102,103,104 105, Staten Island, NY 10309 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/22/2027 Sallee Pro-Custom Fabrication Shop LLC (#, 8865 North County Rd 600 W, Scipio, IN 47273 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2027 NY Tent LLC NY Tent Parent, LLC dba Tent Company of New York (#, 1401 Lakeland Ave, Bohemia, NY 11716 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Imagine By Carleen, Inc. (#, 1404 Del Prado Blvd. South, Units 100 105, Cape Coral, FL 33904 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Insight Diagnostic Technologist Services (#, 2030 Forest Ave, Ste 110, San Jose, CA 95128 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Sound Manufacturing, Inc. Monster Power Equipment, Inc. (#, 51 Donnelley Rd, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 
 F-292 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 CR Park Incorporated dba Define Body and Mind (#, 49 W. Allandale Ave, Allendale, NJ 07401 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Montessori Community School (#, 123 South Navarra Dr, Scotts Valley, CA 95066 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2042 Stone's Construction and Remodeling, LLC (#, 5210 Kaylin Dr, Akron, OH 44319 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2027 Li Family Spokane LLC (#, 21 E. Lincoln Rd, Spokane, WA 99208 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2042 Alaska Motor Home Inc (#, 6633 Brayton Dr, Anchorage, AK 99507 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2027 Nails By Mercede LLC (#, 2994 and 2996 Edgewater Dr, Orlando, FL 32804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2027 Rajbai Maa Inc. dba Nara Lounge (#, 244-252 Atwells Ave, Providence, RI 02903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2042 Town Country Transportation Co. and Popco, LLC. (#, 191 Arch St., New Britain, CT 06051 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2042 Health Performance Center, LLC (#, 1862 Craigshire Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63146 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2027 
 Morgan Lynn Kerstetter dba Catherine School of Dance (#, 315 Mill St. 3rd Floor, Danville, PA 17821 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2027 Foxtail, LLC and Tottly New Services Corp (#, 1481 Highland Ave, Cheshire, CT 06410 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2042 Crazy Beatz Productions LLC (#, 20014 NE 138th St., Kearney, MO 64060 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2027 South Fulton Landscape Nursery, Inc. (#, 3415 Enon Rd, College Park, GA 30349 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2042 Dreaming Big Learning Center Inc (#, 3301 W Oak St, Kissimmee, FL 34741 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/5/2042 Big Coop's Trucking LLC (#, 3066 Misty Creek Dr., Swartz, MI 48473 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/1/2027 Blue EagleTransport Inc, Greeneagle Transport Inc Golden Eagle (#, 377 Boston Post Rd, Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 8/31/2027 Lake County Tow LLC (#, 15409 Country Rd 565A, Clermont, FL 34711 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2042 Parlay Disributors LLC (#, 20 Medford Ave, Ste 104, Patchogue, NY 11772 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2027 Genuine Ventures LLC and Seaweed Ventures LLC (#, 432 S Franklin St, Juneau, AK 99801 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/24/2030 Delicias de Minas Restaurant, LLC (#, 168-170 McWhorter St., Newark, NJ 07105 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2027 L V Auto Sales, Inc. (#, 1504 West Franklin Blvd., Gastonia, NC 28052 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2027 
 F-293 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Damiano Global Corp (#, 333 Birch Hills Dr, Rochester, NY 14622 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/21/2027 Tier1 Solutions LLC (#, 1000 Essington Rd Ste. 109 111, Joliet, IL 60435 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/18/2027 Tony Herring Associates, Inc (#, 211 West Camellia Dr, Slidell, LA 70458 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2027 Chester's World Enterprise LLC (#, 140 W Alameda Dr, Ste 104, Tempe, AZ 85282 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/16/2027 D'Amato Sons Construction, Inc. (#, 117 Oak St., Amityville, NY 11701 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2027 Roundhay Partners LLC and Roundhay Farming LLC (#, 6160 Granite Spring Rd, Somerset, CA 95684 Crop Production Term Loan Fixed 8/8/2042 L J Corporate Services Inc (#, 866 NW 110th Ave, Coral Springs, FL 33071 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/4/2027 Work of Heart Inc dba Little Nest Portraits (#, 1000 Merdian Blvd, Ste 112, Franklin, TN 37067 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 7/28/2027 Sharon G McMillen, MA Psychologist, Inc. (#, 216 West Main St, Kingwood, WV 26537 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2027 HQTRONIC LLC (#, 10135 S. Roberts Rd, Ste. 209, Palos Hills, IL 60465 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2027 Oberon IT, Inc. (#, 1404 W. Walnut Hill Lane, Irving, TX 75038 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/26/2027 Gilles Peress Studio LLC (#, 76 Lafayette Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11217 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/25/2027 Obok LLC (#, 2720 S. Havana St., Unit H, Aurora, CO 80014 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2027 Lil Tots' Learning Center LLC (#, 3042 S 78th St, Tampa, FL 33619 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2042 Ocean Trans LLC (#, 1415 W Andersonr Way, Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2027 Matrix Z LLC (#, 800 SW 21st Terrace, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2027 Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC , Aitheras Aviation Group, LLC (#, 2301 N Marginal Rd, Cleveland, OH 44114 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2027 Wildflour Bakery Cafe, LLC (#, 5137 Clareton Dr, Ste 100,110 120, Agoura Hills, CA 91301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2027 Koep Companies dba Pipestone True value (#, 207 East Main St., Pipestone, MN 56164 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/14/2042 McCord Holdings, Inc. dba Fast Signs 176101 (#, 7640 N. Wickham Rd, Melbourne, FL 32940 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/7/2027 Thrifty Market Inc dba Thrifty Foods (#, 702 10th St., Wheatland, WY 82201 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/6/2027 
 F-294 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Hamilton Associates Real Estate and Investments Firm LLC (#, 11776 West Sample Rd, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2042 J. T. O'Neill Company, L.L.C (#, 19972 Willowin Farm Lane, Purcellville, VA 20132 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2027 J M Civil Construction Services LLC (#, 1221 County Rd 4371, Decatur, TX 76234 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2027 BQRS, Inc. DBA Gresham Meineke Car Care Center (#, 18081 SE Division St., Portland, OR 97236 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2027 New Chicago Wholesale Bakery Inc. (#, 795 Touhy Ave, Elk Grove Village, IL 60007 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2027 Best Bees Company (#, 839 Albany St., Boston, MA 02119 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Oakhill Farms, LLC (#, 15 Carl St., Johnston, RI 02919 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2030 Stiegelbauer Associates Inc. (#, 63 Flushing Ave, Unit 101, Building 280, Brooklyn, NY 11205 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Intellixion LLC (#, 7447 Egan Dr, Ste 110 A, Savage, MN 55378 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Ocean Trans LLC and Dehal Trucking LLC (#, 760 W. Charter Way, Stockton, CA 95206 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Foxhop Fitness, LLC (#, 4211 NW Federal Hwy, Jensen Beach, FL 34957 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2027 Old Dominion Transportation Group, Inc. (#, 2510 Hunters Place, Ste 202, Woodbridge, VA 22192 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2027 Auxiliary Systems Inc.,Sharrick Company, LLC KMN, LLC (#, 211 East 25th St., Norfolk, VA 23504 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2030 Ains Holding Company, LLC (#, 122 West 26th St., New York, NY 10001 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2027 Northern Industries, LLC (#, W 5585 Dehart Dr, Tomahawk, WI 54484 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2042 Vella Construction Enterprises, Inc. dba Vella Construction (#, 318 28th Ave, San Mateo, CA 94403 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2027 Birches Group, LLC (#, 228 East 45th St. 12th FL South, New York, NY 10017 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2027 Scarlet Spartan Inc.dba FastSigns of Brighton (#, 533 W. Grand River Ave, Brighton, MI 48116 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2027 Don G. Timpton DDS Associates PA and Indsaad Properties,LLC (#, 11535 Carmel Commons Blvd. Ste 200, Charlotte, NC 28226 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2042 JAM Media Solutions, LLC (#, 4744 Tackawanna St., Philadelphia, PA 19124 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2027 All Regional Recyclers of Wood LLC dba ARROW, Superior Carting, LLC (#, 104 Wooster St., Bethel, CT 06801 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2042 
 F-295 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 ESA 365 Corp and Lucathor Realty LLC (#, 2420 Grand Ave, Baldwin, NY 11520 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2042 Susan Hughes dba Aloha Junction B and B (#, 19-4037 Olapalapa Rd, Volcano, HI 96785 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2042 Hull's Kitchen, LLC and HK Too, LLC (#, 19 Hull Shore Dr, Hull, MA 02045 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2042 Tele Tax Express Inc., El Rancho Paiso, LLC and Nestor Romero (#, 577 Main Ave, Paterson, NJ 07055 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2042 Refoleen Inc dba Spice and Tea Exchange (#, 849 E Commerce St. Ste 121, San Antonio, TX 78205 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2027 Skydive California, LLC (#, 25001 S Kasson Rd, Tracy, CA 95301 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2027 SCW, LLC dba Arthur Murray Dance Studio (#, 2383 Old Dixwell Ave, Hamden, CT 06518 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2042 Speaker City, Inc.and Speaker Town, LLC dba Rollin Thunder (#, 246 East Belt Blvd, Richmond, VA 23224 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/1/2042 Funtime, LLC and Universal Entertainment Group LLC (#, 13200 W. Foxfire Dr #144, Surprise, AZ 85387 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2027 Ricnet III, Inc. dba Edible Arrangements (#, 716 Foxcroft Ave, Martinsburg, WV 25401 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2027 Haroon Baig,Inc.dba US1 Petrol (#, 1280-1290 Dixwell Ave, Hamden, CT 06514 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2042 Sage Oil LLC (#, 8913 Egyptian Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89143 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2027 Chet Lemon Enterprises LLC dba All American Sports (#, 1544 Lane Park Cutoff, Tavares, FL 32778 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2042 Swantown Inn Spa LLC (#, 1431 11th Ave SE, Olympia, WI 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2042 Eagle Wood Works LLC (#, 1448 Horsehead Rd, Lugoff, SC 29078 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2027 Hurricane Group, Inc. (#, 312 West Fourth St., Carson City, NV 89703 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2027 Beyond Waves A Unique Salon LLC and Lori Ann Carlson (#, 2290 Foxon Rd Route 80, North Branford, CT 06471 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2027 Locavore LLC dba Paloma Restaurant (#, 401 S. Guadalupe St., Santa Fe, NM 87501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2027 Abdul Naushad MD PC dba Advanced Pain Centers (#, 2865 James Blvd, Poplar Bluff, MO 63901 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2042 Innovim, LLC (#, 6401 Golden Triangle Dr Ste 200, Greenbelt, MD 20770 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2027 Iron Men Home Repair, Inc. and Ironmen House Lifting Inc. (#, 132 North Wellwood Ave, Lindenhurst, NY 11757 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2042 
 F-296 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Tres K Deli,Grocery,Fruit and Meat Inc. (#, 125 West Tremont Ave, Bronx, NY 10453 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2027 Hayden Trucking LLC (#, 11540 Eagle Vista Dr, Fort Worth, TX 76179 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/19/2027 PS Camping, Inc. dba Prospectors RV Resort (#, 43659 43595 US Hwy 50, Canon City, CO 81212 Accommodation Term Loan Fixed 5/19/2042 Mr. B's Bicycles Mopeds, Inc. (#, 1870 S. 4th Ave, Yuma, AZ 85364 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2042 Waterford Plumbing Co, Inc. (#, 2425 W. Cuyler Ave, Chicago, IL 60618 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2027 Bay Car Wash LLC (#, 952 South Commercial St. and West Magnolia, Aransas Pass, TX 78336 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2042 Computech Computers Inc. (#, 40-24 76th St., Office #2B, Elmhurst, NY 11373 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/17/2027 Arco Electrical Contractors Inc. dba Arco Construction Group (#, 22-24 South Seventh St., Elizabeth, NJ 07202 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2027 5 Stars Learning Center Inc (#, 14 Paine Ave, Irvington, NJ 07111 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/16/2042 Sanderson Distribution Inc. (#, 100 Daniel Dr, Alamo, CA 94507 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2027 B G F Bobby Q's Inc (#, 447 N. Main St., Freeport, NY 11520 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2027 Estelle Finkel Educational Associates,LLC (#, 125 West Mount Pleasant Ave, Livingston, NJ 07039 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2027 NHS, LLC (#, 212 N Douglas Ave, Ellsworth, KS 67439 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2027 Innovation Transport, LLC (#, 1 International Blvd, Mahwah, NJ 07495 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2027 NHS, LLC (#, 212 N Douglas Ave, Ellsworth, KS 67439 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2042 Benchmark Building, Inc. (#, 1439 Stargazer Terrace, Sanford, FL 32771 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2027 Cable Management LLC (#, 290 Pratt St., Meriden, CT 06450 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/3/2027 Fine Arts Center of Easley, Inc. dba Midtown Music (#, 117 S. Pendleton St., Easley, SC 29640 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/2/2042 Love and Glory Learning Center, Inc. (#, 4911 N. 42nd St., Tampa, FL 33610 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2042 Sneads Ferry Foods, Inc. dba DQ Grill Chill (#, 920 Hwy 210, Sneads Ferry, NC 28460 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2042 JMA Inc. dba Primecut and Mezzo; Primecut at Marquee (#, 393 Charles St., Providence, RI 02904 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2042 
 F-297 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Ralph's Hair Salon, Inc. (#, 175 NW 14th St., Homestead, FL 33030 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2042 Getting Even LLC dba The Zoo Health Club (#, 377 South Willow St., Ste B 2-1, Manchester, NH 03103 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2027 Condron Brothers LLC DBA Luv 2 Play (#, 4790 La Sierra Ave, Riverside, CA 92505 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/19/2027 The Altitude Group, LLC and Core Home Security, LLC (#, 949 Clint Moore Rd, Unit 949A, Boca Raton, FL 33487 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2027 Citizens Lanes, LLC (#, 5100 Goodson Connector Rd, Union City, GA 30291 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2042 Landmark Ventures USA, Inc. (#, 475 Park Ave South 25th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2027 Golden Hen Inc. dba Cafe (#, 468 W. Cheltenham Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19126 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2027 Bear Trail Lodge LLC (#, Mile 1 Bear Trail Rd, King Salmon, AK 99613 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2042 Schafer Fisheries Inc. (#, 21985 Waller Rd, Fulton, IL 61252 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2042 Sea Smoke Barbeque, Corp and Danwen LLC (#, 20 Island Farm Rd, Oak Bluffs, MA 02557 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2042 Gauri Hospitality Group LLC dba Microtel Inns Suites by Wyndham (#, 1221 Kentucky Mills Dr, Louisville, KY 40299 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2042 Discount Price, LLC dba Robert's Market (#, 2 Hill Rd, Franklin, NH 03235 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2042 Douglas K. Soderblom . dba Loma Linda Optometry (#, 25815 Barton Rdad, Unit C104, Loma Linda, CA 92354 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2027 H and H Hotshot Services, Inc. dba AA Hotshot Logistics (#, 5455 N 51st St., # 30, Glendale, AZ 85301 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2030 New England Country Day School, Inc. and Thomas D. Walker (#, 27 Kenosia Ave, Danbury, CT 06810 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2042 Heil Hornik LLC dba Elysium Tennis (#, 7637 C. Commerce Place, Plain City, OH 43064 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2042 Color Graphic Press, Inc. (#, 42 Main St., Nyack, NY 10960 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2027 JBK Truck Trailer and Bus Inc. (#, 8669 South State Rd 67, Camby, IN 46113 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2042 Denton Bio Fuels LLC and American Bio Source LLC (#, 624 W. University Dr. Ste 359, TX, TX 76201 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2027 Executive Fitness Nutrition Inc. (#, 8610 Roosevelt Ave Ste 2, Jackson Heights, NY 11372 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2027 
 F-298 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Baton Rouge Cargo Services Inc. and 6507 Westport, LLC (#, 6507 Westport Ave, Shreveport, LA 71129 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2042 The Purple Cow House of Pancake Inc (#, 6 10 Skowhegan Rd, Fairfield, ME 04937 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2042 Texcor, Inc.dba Texas Corral,Texas Coral Restaurants II, Inc. (#, 5880 US Hwy6, Portage, IN 46368 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2027 1MTX LLC and Sunrise Transportation and Logistics, LLC and Mustafa (#, 6510 North Broadway, Saint Louis, MO 63147 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2027 Dwayne Bernard Tate (#, 1238 Woodcliff Court SW, Lilburn, GA 30047 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2027 Elegant Occasions, LLC dba E Productions (#, 3650 Coral Ridge Dr Units 103-104, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/10/2042 Anthony LLC dba Star of Woodward Market (#, 5730 Woodward Ave, Detroit, MI 48202 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2042 Podium Auto Sales Inc and RRS Property, LLC (#, 246 S. Dixie Hwy, Pompano Beach, FL 33060 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/3/2042 Weeping Willow Kennels, Inc and Aileen N Black (#, 6041 Hammond School Rd, Salisbury, MD 21804 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2042 Getting Even LLC dba The Zoo Health Club (#, 377 South Willow St. Unit B2-1, Manchester, NH 03103 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2027 McNally Enterprises Inc. (#, 1010 N. Grove St., Anaheim, CA 92806 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2027 Teracore Inc. (#, 3300 Holcomb Bridge Rd, Ste 226, Norcross, GA 30092 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2027 B J Bicycle Shop Inc. (#, 1620 E. Sample Rd, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2027 3W Enterprises LLC (#, 2727 Industrial Pkwy, Elkhart, IN 46516 Textile Product Mills Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2042 TMJ Pizza Mesa LLC dba Rosati's Pizza Restaurant (#, 2235 S. Power Rd Ste 118, Mesa, AZ 85209 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/24/2027 Ameritube, LLC and Ravone Properties, LLC (#, 1000 North State. Hwy 77, Hillsboro, TX 76645 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2042 Baton Rouge Cargo Services Inc. and 2808 Court Street, LLC (#, 2808 Court St., Port Allen, LA 70767 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2042 Marvic Enterprises Inc dba Jordan's Liquor (#, 199 Taunton Ave, East Providence, RI 02914 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2042 Maximo Canot dba Wash and Dry Laundrymat (#, 34 Morningside Ave, Yonkers, NY 10703 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2042 Harrison Logging Company LLC (#, 127 Legate Rd, Indian Mound, TN 37079 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2027 
 F-299 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 8 Minute Oil Change Auto Repair Tire Center and Jumir L.L.C. (#, 174-176 Mountain Ave, Springfield, NJ 07081 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2042 DBMS Consulting, Inc. (#, 164 West 83rd St. Units 1F/1P, New York, NY 10024 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/1/2042 Chidlren's House Learning, Inc and Tarps Investment Group (#, 720 Wilbraham Rd, Springfield, MA 01109 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2042 Fave Realty Inc. (#, 1875 Grand Ave, Baldwin, NY 11510 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2042 SRC Publishing LLC (#, 8690 Waterford Bend St., Las Vegas, NV 89123 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2027 Rhone Wolf Vineyard LLC, Goldline Brands Inc. and Myka Cellars, Inc. (#, 5245 Bucks Bar Rd, Placerville, CA 95667 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 1/19/2030 Jolibe LLC and Jolibe Atelier LLC (#, 357 w 36th #401, New York, NY 10018 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2027 Eickmann Management Group LLC dba Jimmy Johns of Dundee (#, 568 Techumseh St., Dundee, MI 48131 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/17/2027 Fullbro Trust dba Menemsha Blues (#, 2 Basin Rd, Chilmark, MA 02535 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 1/13/2027 Echelon Enterprises, Inc (#, 16701 E. Iliff Ave, Aurora, CO 80013 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/10/2027 Metropolitan Solutions Group Inc. (#, 1420 Chestnut St., Portsmouth, VA 23704 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2041 Techni-Pro Institute LLC (#, 414 NW 35th St., Boca Raton, FL 33431 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2026 Sempco, Inc. (#, 51 -55 Lake St. Unit #2-6, Nashua, NH 03060 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2041 New Chicago Wholesale Bakery, Inc. (#, 795 Touhy Ave, Elk Grove Village, IL 60007 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2041 Allied Welding Inc. (#, 1820 N. Santa Fe Ave, Chillicothe, IL 61523 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 12/15/2041 Elita 7, LLC (#, 16 Marble St., Worcester, MA 01603 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2041 Trison Enterprises Inc.dba Lee's Automotive (#, 13281 Aurora Ave N, Seattle, WA 98311 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2041 Wayfarer Bicycle LLC (#, 118-120 Ocean Ave, New London, CT 06320 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2041 Roast Beef Levittown LLC dba Arby's (#, 2080 Hempstead Turnpike, East Meadow, NY 11554 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2026 
 F-300 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Mack Team Enterprises Inc.dba The UPS Store #6815 (#, 38200 Ave of the States, Fort Gordon, GA 30905 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2026 eCommerce Direct, LLC (#, 3440 Gannett Ave, Des Moines, IA 50321 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2026 Recycling Revolution,LLC (#, 4190 Collins Rd, Unadilla, GA 31091 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/9/2041 New Life Hospital LLC (#) 17400 Red Oak Dr, Houston, TX 77090 Hospitals Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2041 Hanson's Greeks LLC (#, 8132 N. 87th Place, Ste A, Scottsdale, AZ 85258 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/8/2026 The Lake Shore Hospitality Inc dba Dowagiac Baymont Inn Suites (#) 29291 Amerihost Dr, Dowagiac, MI 49047 Accommodation Term Loan Fixed 12/5/2041 Pebble Wood Lane, LLC and Good Sam's Assisted Living Resiidence,LLC (#) 1 Pebble Wood Lane, Palm Coast, FL 32164 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2041 Quick Ship, LLC (#) 448 W. 19th St, Houston, TX 77008 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2026 Imaginarium Foods LLC, (#, 751 N. Cable Rd, Lima, OH 45805 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2042 Access Staffing, LLC (#, 360 Lexington Ave 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2026 Usman Jalil, LLC dba Food Mart (#) 147 N Washington St., Plainville, CT 06062 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/29/2041 WPN Recycling Company LLC (#, 5101 Andard Ave, Baltimore, MD 21226 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2026 CRK Mens, LLC dba Spiff for Men (#, 750 Third Ave, New York, NY 10017 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/23/2026 Broms Asset Management LLC (#, 215 East 79th St. Apt 9E, New York, NY 10075 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2026 JBK Truck Trailer and Bus Inc. (#) 8669 S. State Rd 67, Camby, IN 46113 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2041 Bouquet Restaurant LLC (#, 519 Main St., Covington, KY 41011 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/22/2041 Skaggs RV Outlet LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr, Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2026 Catherine Christine Morin dba Purr-Fect Pets (#, 1915 North Austin Ave, Georgetown, TX 78626 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2026 Hoosier Health Plus, LLC (#, 520 East 8th St., Anderson, IN 46012 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/15/2026 MIK LLC dba Firehouse Subs (#, 17250 Royalton Rd, Strongsville, OH 44136 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2026 Dyer Properties, LLC and Bayview Pharmacy, Inc. (#) 3844 Post Rd, Warwick, RI 02886 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2041 
 F-301 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Fine Line Interiors, Inc. (#) 2530 SW 30th Ave, Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/4/2041 131 Miles LLC and Ohm Shubh Laxmi, LLC. dba Mr Hero (#, 13215 Miles Ave, Cleveland, OH 44105 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/3/2041 Veracruz Shabo, LLC Waterfalls Quick Lube LLC (#) 1325 Broad St., Central Falls, RI 02863 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2041 Glocecol LLC (#, 10302 NW South River Dr, Bay #18, Miami, FL 33178 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2026 Moolchan Enterprises LLC dba Staying Green (#) 2650 S.W. 154 Ave, Davie, FL 33331 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2026 Woodstock Enterprises Corp dba True Scent Candle Co (#) 191 2nd Ave, Warwick, RI 02888 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2041 Elite Structures Inc (#, 401 Old Quitman Rd, Abel, GA 31620 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/27/2029 Blakeslee Arpaia Chapman Inc and Chapman Construction Services LLC (#, 200 North Branford Rd, Branford, CT 06405 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2026 Worldwide Estate, Inc. dba Washington Heights Manor (#, 10620 W. Greenwood Terrace, Milwaukee, WI 53224 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 10/21/2041 Gold Wind Logistics LLC (#) 2830 Beech Daly Rd, Inkster, MI 48141 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/20/2041 Speaker City, Inc. dba Rollin Thunder (#) 246 East Belt Blvd, Richmond, VA 23224 Electronics and Appliance Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/14/2041 Maine Service Corp (#) 59-22 55th St., Maspeth, NY 11378 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2026 Justin Partlow (#) 100 Independence Place, Ste 414, Tyler, TX 75703 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2026 Reliable Recovery Services LLC (#) 2401 West Mcdowell Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85009 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 10/7/2026 Wyspen Corporation dba Charlestown Ace (#) 5 Austin St., Charlestown, MA 02129 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2026 Ailky Corporation (#) 352 Beford St., Lakeville, MA 02347 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2026 JJA Transportation Management Inc. (#) 15 Church St., Upland, PA 19015 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2026 Seaway LLC and Reklaw LLC dba Allure Lounge (#) 415 -417 Halsey Dr, Newark, NJ 07102 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2041 CNC Precision Machine, Inc. (#) 18360 Industrial Circle, Burton, OH 44021 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2041 CD Game Exchange Inc. (#) 3719 N Mississippi, Portland, OR 97227 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2026 Beadon Inc (#) 2601 Old Ocean City Rd, Salisbury, MD 21804 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2026 
 F-302 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Ridge Road Equestrian LLC dba Ricochet Ridge Ranch (#) 24201 North Hwy 1, Fort Bragg, CA 95437 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2026 TPFC,LLC dbaThe Picture Frame Company (#) 5957 Glenway Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45238 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2041 Cuppiecakes LLC (#) 313 S Main St., McGregor, TX 76557 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2041 Wrecking Crew Media LLC (#) 229 Commercial Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2026 Metropet Dog Center, Inc (#) 2057 West Shore Rd, Warwick, RI 02889 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2041 Animal Intrusion Prevention Systems Holding Company, LLC dba Critter (#) 1362-1366 W. Carrier Pkwy, Grand Prairie, TX 75050 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2026 Raem Corporation dba Dryclean Express (#) 557 West Whitney Rd, Fairport, NY 14450 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2041 Warren Dale Warrington dba Custom Paint and Body (#) 705 S Market Ave, Fort Pierce, FL 34982 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2041 TR Companies LLC dba Liberty Rental 4 U (#) 410 N Church Rd, Liberty, MO 64068 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2026 Rosmel Pools Inc (#) 9300 NW 25th St. Ste 103, Miami, FL 33172 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2026 Avery Management Inc. dba Whetstone Upholstery (#) 1122 N Bloulevard, Richmond, VA 23230 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/25/2026 2 Cool Beans LLC dba Menchies's Frozen Yogurt (#) 11331 Thienes Ave, South El Monte, CA 91733 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/11/2026 Grayson O Company (#) 6509 Newell Ave, Kannapolis, NC 28082 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 8/10/2041 Paul Belanger dba Paul Belanger Landscaping (#) 2595 Military Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90064 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/9/2026 The Hungry Rhino LLC (#) 47 South Main St., Windsor Locks, CT 06096 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2041 USA General Investment LLC dba Braniff Paint and Body Shop (#) 2290 NW 21st Terrace, Miami, FL 33142 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2026 Little Tree Huggers Child Care LLC (#) 38620 9 Mile Rd, Farmington Hills, MI 48335 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2041 303 Tower Drive LLC (#) 303 Tower Dr, Ste A, Middletown, NY 10941 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2041 676 Club LP dba The Green Door Tavern/The Drifter (#) 676 and 678 North Orleans ST, Chicago, IL 60654 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2041 Intrepid Trinity LLC (#) 680 Douglas Ave, Providence, RI 02908 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2041 EPEC Juice LLC dba Jamba Juice (#) 810 Ninth St., Ste 128, Durham, NC 27705 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2026 
 F-303 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 JAG Unit 1, LLC dba Arooga's Grille House and Sports Bar (#) 1 West Main St., Patchogue, NY 11772 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/27/2026 My Sainath Inc dba Motel 6 (#) 1008 E Crest Dr, Waco, TX 76705 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2041 Robert G Larson State Farm Insurance (#) 7922 Jamaica Ave, Woodhaven, NY 11421 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 7/22/2026 Robert P Daniels dba Ginger and Friend's Peppermint Village Gift Shop (#) 1502 Hwy 157, Mansfield, TX 76063 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/18/2026 Franklin Firm LLC dba Luv 2 Play (#, 1310 East Stan Schleuter Loop, Killeen, TX 76542 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2041 Martin Inventory Management LLC (#) 304 1/2 Main St., Edgefield, SC 29824 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 P L H Pharmaco Inc dba Farmacia San Jose (#) 149 48th St., Union City, NJ 07087 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 Desert Tacos LLC (#) 245 East Bell Rd Ste A-2, Phoenix, AZ 85022 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 VMA Technologies LLC (#) 120 South Serenata Dr Unit 332, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2026 Corning Lumber Company Inc and Frank R Close and Son Inc (#) 1314 Sixth St., Orland, CA 95963 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2029 WGI, LLC dba Williams Grant Inn (#) 154 High St., Bristol, RI 02809 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2041 O.D.S. Inc dba Four Seasons Health Racquet and Step 'N' Motion, Inc (#) 626 Delsea Dr N, Glassboro, NJ 08028 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2026 Island Time Investments, LLC dba Swantown Inn Bed Breakfast (#) 1431 11th Ave SE, Olympia, WA 98501 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2041 Visual Advantage LLC dba Signs Now Perryberg (#) 23248 Dunbridge Rd, Perrysburg, OH 43443 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2041 Long Island Comedy LLC dba Governors and New York Comedy, LLC (#) 90 A Division Ave, Levittown, NY 11756 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2041 Shooting Sports Academy LLC and Jetaa LLC dba Shooting Sports Academy (#, 27 Main St., Monroe, CT 06468 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2041 Bagelicious, LLC (#) 945 S Main St, Cheshire, CT 06410 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2026 Blue Eagle Transport Inc, Greeneagle Transport Inc and Golden Eagle (#) 377 Boston Post Rd, Milford, CT 06460 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2026 Jai-Alexia Consulting, Inc. (#) 14660 Paddock Dr, Wellington, FL 33414 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2026 
 F-304 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Pumpkin Patch Child Care of Southington, LLC and Giuseppe Pugliares (#) 1137 West St., Southington, CT 06489 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2041 Luv 2 Play AZ LLC (#) 15495 Bell Rd, Surprise, AZ 85374 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2026 Refoleen Inc dba Spice and Tea Exchange (#) 849 East Commerce St., Ste 121, San Antonio, TX 78205 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2026 Larry H. Patterson and Rainbow Movers, Inc (#) 2325 Hollers Ave, Bronx, NY 10475 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2026 AP5 LLC dba Krauser's Food Store (#) 5 Pond Point Rd, Milford, CT 06460 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2041 ATI Jet Inc (#) 7007 Boeing Dr, El Paso, TX 79925 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/31/2026 Angelo Faia dba AVF Construction (#, 55 Arbour Lane, Sewell, NJ 08080 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2041 Premier Athletic Center of Ohio, Inc (#) 8957 Kingsridge Dr, Centerville, OH 45459 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2026 Southwest Division Inc (#) 2103 NE 3rd Terrace, Cape Coral, FL 33909 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2026 Jack Frost Firewood Inc. and David Dubinsky (#) 3168 Holland Rd, Virginia Beach, VA 23453 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2041 International Kitchen Supply LLC (#) 3466 North Hwy 11, West Union, SC 29696 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 5/25/2026 Island Life Graphics Inc dba FASTSIGNS #576 (#) 1410 E. Oak St., Fernandina Beach, FL 32034 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2026 Powerspec Inc (#) 1 Linsley Place, Metuchen, NJ 08840 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2026 
 Horseshoe Barbecue, LLC (#) 6555, 6565, 6575 N. Sandario Rd, Tucson, AZ 85743 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 Elderfriend Inc dba Granny Nannies dba GN Live Scan (#) 1499 W. Palmetto Park Rd., Ste #115, Boca Raton, FL 33486 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2026 HBA LLC dba Palmetto Twist-Vista (#) 1225-1229 Lincoln St., Columbia, SC 29201 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2026 Dedicated Incorporated (#) 2916 North 39th St., Phoenix, AZ 85019 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2041 FJN Catering Inc (#) 106 Main St., Mineola, NY 11951 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2041 Pumpkin Patch Inc and Christine Feliciano and Antonio Feliciano (#) 11 Kirby Rd, Cromwell, CT 06419 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/12/2041 Sabir Inc. dba Bear Diner (#) 603 Pulaski Hwy, Bear, DE 19701 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/11/2041 Marc S. Rosenberg P.C. dba Mammuth and Rosenberg (#) 401 East City Ave Ste 122, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2026 
 F-305 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Warner Home Comfort, LLC dba Smith Piping (#) 1571 Canton Rd., NW, Carrollton, OH 44615 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2041 Hard Exercise Works Winter Park LLC (#) 11551 University Blvd, Ste. 4C Building 1, Orlando, FL 32817 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2026 Alpha Omega Trucking LLC (#) 14432-52 State Line Rd, Brookings, OR 97415 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2041 Empowerschool LLC and Empower Autism Academy, LLC (#) 1250 South A. W. Grimes Rd, Round Rock, TX 78665 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2041 Loriet LLC (#) 5001 Vivienda Way, Sarasota, FL 34235 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2026 Costume World Inc (#) 950 South Federal Hwy, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2041 Accent Comfort Services, LLC (#) 5035-C West W. T. Harris Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28269 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/26/2026 Automotive Core Recycling, LLC and 828 Old Colony Road, LLC (#) 27-29 Cooper St., Meriden, CT 06053 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2041 AAA Mill Direct, Inc. dba Carpet Mill Outlets (#) 1 North Armistead Ave, Hampton, VA 23669 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2026 KNS Early Learning Academy LLC (#) 57 Merritt St. SE, Marietta, GA 30060 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2041 Waterfalls Quick Lube LLC and Veracruz Shabo LLC (#) 1325 Broad St., Central Falls, RI 02863 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/6/2041 Vehicle Safety Supply LLC (#) 15 East 72nd St., Ste 14-H, New York, NY 10021 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2026 Dana A. Farley dba Independent Cabinets (#) 5805 NE Minder Rd, Poulsbo, WA 98370 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2041 Christian Soderquist dba Soderquist Plumbing and Heating LLC (#) 7 Oak Dr, Sandy Hook, CT 06482 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2041 Cameo Carter, MD A Professional Corporation dba The Garden Pediatric (#) 101 East Redlands Blvd., Ste 106, Redlands, CA 92373 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2026 MTS Car Service LLC (#) 9 Gibson Court Apt# 1, Norwalk, CT 06854 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2026 Gordon Rogers and Heidi Rogers dba Stone House Motor Inn (#) 162 Danielson Pike, Foster, RI 02825 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2026 Wyldewood Cellars, Inc. (#) 951 East 119th St, Mulvane, KS 67120 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2041 Barrocas Gym LLC dba Snap Fitness (#) 260 West Main St., Avon, CT 06001 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2026 Marathon Engineering Corporation (#) 5615 2nd St. W, Lehigh Acres, FL 33971 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2041 
 F-306 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Revolution Physical Therapy LLC dba Apex Network Physical Therapy (#) 2705 Dougherty Ferry Rd Ste 104, St. Louis, MO 63122 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2026 ActKnowledge, Inc (#) 365 5th Ave, New York, NY 10016 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2026 Precious Care LLC and Precious Care Management LLC (#) 186-06 Union Turnpike, Fresh Meadows, NY 11364 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2026 Kekoa Enterprises Inc dba Signarama Sandy (#) 8942 South 700 East, Sandy, UT 84070 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2026 Taylors Zinn Enterprises Inc dba Eons Auto Care Inc (#) 330 West Harden St., Graham, NC 27253 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2041 Brian T Rice dba BD Logging (#) 800 3rd St Apt B, St Marys, WV 26170 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 3/17/2026 R D Enterprises Inc dba My Pool Man (#) 291 North Texas Ave., Orlando, FL 32805 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2026 Mustafa Inc and Raouf Properties LLC (#) 3538 Pin Oak Dr, San Antonio, TX 78229 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/14/2041 Dupre Capital LLC dba Fastsigns (#) 215 Quartermaster Court, Jeffersonville, IN 47130 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/11/2026 Step Up Academy of the Arts LLC (#) 2558 Wigwam Pkwy Ste A, Henderson, NV 89074 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2026 Faith Summit Supply Inc dba Summit Supply and Summit True Value (#) 8584 US Business Hwy 277, Haskell, TX 79521 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/9/2026 Swerve Salon LLC (#) 1419 N Wells St., Chicago, IL 60610 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2026 J W Hardwood Flooring Inc (#) 14967 Madison St, Brighton, CO 80602 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/7/2026 Living Essentials HVAC Corp (#) 42 West St., Apt 24, Randolph, MA 02368 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2026 The River Beas, LLC dba Subway and Punam Singh (#) 5516 Baltimore Ave, Hyattsville, MD 20781 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2041 Drug Detection Laboratories, Inc. and Minh Tran (#) 9700 Business Park Dr, Sacramento, CA 95827 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2026 Aaradhya LLC dba Market Square Laundry (#) 7727 Crittenden St., Philadelphia, PA 19118 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/23/2026 Ei3 Corporation (#) 136 Summit Ave, Montvale, NJ 07645 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2026 Gilmore Heights Dental Holdings, LTD and Chas Rob LLC (#) 2250 Warrensville Center Rd, University Heights, OH 44118 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2029 Jersey Shore Marina Boat Sales, Inc. (#) 841 Route 70 East, Brick, NJ 08724 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2041 Wildflour Bakery Cafe LLC (#) 5137 Clareton Dr., Ste 100, Agoura Hills, CA 91301 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2026 
 F-307 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Dolarian Realty LLC and OV's Restaurant Inc (#) 34 Old Colony Ave, East Taunton, MA 02718 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/5/2041 Lemonberry Food Stores Inc dba Lemonberry Frozen Yogurt (#) 1196 Inverness Lane, Stow, OH 44224 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2025 MCF Forte LLC (#) 1245 W Baseline Rd Unit 105, Mesa, AZ 85202 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2025 Panditos LLC dba White Lotus Home (#) 431 Raritan Ave, Highland Park, NJ 08904 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2025 800 on the Trax LLC and Matrix Z LLC (#) 800 SW 21st Terrace, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2040 Ridge Road Equestrian LLC dba Ricochet Ridge Ranch Inc (#) 24201 North Hwy 1, Fort Bragg, CA 95437 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2040 Joyce Outdoor Advertising Chicago LLC (#) 2443 West 16th St., Chicago, IL 60608 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2040 Premier Athletic Center of Ohio Inc. and Gates Investments and Wade (#) 8957 Kingsridge Dr, Centerville, OH 45459 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2028 Hattingh Incorporated dba Prosthetic Care Facility (#) 4415 Woodridge Pkwy, Ste 180, Leesburg, VA 20176 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2025 Accent Tag and Label Inc (#) 2201 Rittenhouse St, Des Moines, IA 50321 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2040 Trip Consultants U.S.A. Inc. (#) 311 85th St., Brooklyn, NY 11209 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/18/2025 Sourceco Limited Liability Company (#) 17 Palmer Ave, West Long Branch, NJ 07764 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Fixed 12/17/2025 Abitino's JFK LLC dba Abitino's (#) Terminal 8 JFK ExpressWay Airport, Jamaica, NY 11430 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2022 JAG Unit 1, LLC (#) 1 West Main St., Patchogue, NY 11772 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2025 Swalm Street LLC and New York Home Health Care Equipment LLC (#) 30 Hopper St., Westbury, NY 11590 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/16/2040 Moments to Remember USA LLC dba Retain Loyalty (#) 1250 Sanders Ave SW, Massillon, OH 44646 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2025 New York Home Health Care Equipment, LLC (#) 30 Hopper St., Westbury, NY 11590 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2025 Basista Family Limited Partnership and UPE, Inc. (#) 3401 Brecksville Rd, Richfield, OH 44286 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2040 DC Enterprises Ltd. dba Lakeview True Value (#) 318 North F St., Lakeview, OR 97630 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/14/2025 LC Blvd Holdings LLC and Mt Pleasant Wash Wax LLC (#) 880 Lowcountry Blvd, Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2040 
 F-308 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 DWeb Studio, Inc. (#) 10800 E. Bethany Dr, Ste 275, Aurora, CO 80014 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2025 Ronny Ramirez RX Corp dba Naturxheal Family Pharmacy (#) 3105 NW 107 Ave Ste 102, Doral, FL 33172 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2025 S.B.B. Enterprises Inc dba Williamston Hardware (#, 139 S Putnam St., Williamston, MI 48895 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2040 Financial Network Recovery Inc (#, 250 E Easy St. Ste 1, Simi Valley, CA 93065 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/26/2025 ADMO Inc dba Mid States Equipment (#, 16180 Westwoods Business Park, Ellisville, MO 63021 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2025 R.H. Hummer Jr., Inc. (#, 2141 P Ave, Williamsburg, IA 52361 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2025 Barub Realty LLC and Barub LLC dba Woodlawn Cabinets (#, 1838 Adee Ave, Baychester, NY 10469 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2040 Binky's Vapes LLC (#, 10539 Greenbelt Rd Ste 102, Lanham, MD 20706 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2025 Greensward of Marco Inc. (#, 54 Marco Lake Dr, Marco Island, FL 34146 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2040 RIM Investments LLC and RIM Architects LLC (#, 645 G St. Ste 400, Anchorage, AK 99501 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/28/2040 Daniel W. Stark dba Mountain Valley Lodge and RV Park (#, 223 Hwy 80, Rodeo, NM 88056 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2040 Prestigious LifeCare for Seniors LLC (#, 5701 North Pine Island Rd, Tamarac, FL 33321 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2025 St Lawrence Hotel Corp and Oheka Catering Inc dba Quality Inn (#, 10 West Orvis St., Massena, NY 13662 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/24/2040 Finish Strong Inc dba FASTSIGNS St Peters (#, 98 North Hillview Dr, St Peters, MO 63376 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2025 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 51 Donnelley Rd, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/21/2025 Vanderhoof LLC dba Soxfords (#, 11 Sellecks Walk, Pound Ridge, NY 10576 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2025 MiJoy Inc dba Imo's Pizza (#, 215 South Kirkwood Rd, Kirkwood, MO 63122 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2025 Naeem Khan LTD (#, 260 West 36h St., New York, NY 10018 Apparel Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2025 FirstVitals Health and Wellness Inc (#, 521 Ala Moana Blvd. Ste 261, Honolulu, HI 96813 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2025 Gardner's Wharf Holdings LLC and Gardner's Wharf Seafood Inc (#, 170 Main St., North Kingstown, RI 02852 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 9/8/2040 Empower Autism Academy (#, 1250 South A. W. Grimes Rd, Round Rock, TX 78665 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/4/2040 
 F-309 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Elite Institute LLC dba Huntington Learning Center (#, 13526 Village Park Dr Ste 214, Orlando, FL 32837 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/28/2025 God Be Glorified Inc dba GBG Inc (#, 40 West. 162nd St, South Holland, IL 60473 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 8/20/2025 GDP Gourmet LLC dba Joe and John's Pizza Restaurant (#, 136 New Jersey Ave, Absecon, NJ 08201 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/19/2040 Gold Jet Corp. (#, 2472 Broadway, New York, NY 10025 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 8/14/2025 SKJ Inc dba Subway (#, 401 S Woodlawn Ave, Bloomington, IN 47401 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/13/2025 LP Industries Inc dba Childforms (#, 110 Charleston Dr, Mooresville, NC 28117 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2025 Free Ion Advisors LLC (#, 322 Evandale Rd, Scarsdale, NY 10583 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2025 Murrayville Donuts, Inc dba Dunkin' Donuts (#) 2304 N College Rd, Wilmington, NC 28405 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2040 Jonathan E Nichols and Nichols Fire and Security LLC (#, 1906 Vanderhorn Dr, Memphis, TN 38134 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2025 Thrifty Market, Inc. dba Thrifty Foods (#, 702 10th St, Wheatland, WY 82201 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2030 Summit Beverage Group LLC (#, 211 Washington Ave, Marion, VA 24354 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/29/2030 E G Enterprises LLC dba Comfort Keepers (#, 220 Middle St., Franklin, VA 23851 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2025 SofRep, Inc dba Force 12 Media (#, 930 Tahoe Blvd Ste 802-543, Incline Village, NV 89451 Other Information Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2025 TJU-DGT Inc dba The Lorenz Cafe (#, 714-718 Lorenz Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15220 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2029 Jihan Inc dba ARCO AM/PM and Diana Inc dba Diana's Recycling (#, 13886 Campo Rd, Jamul, CA 91935 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2040 CEM Autobody LLC dba Dawn's Autobody (#, 7 Division St, Keyport, NJ 07735 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2040 Wolf Enviro Interests, LLC and Enviromax Services Inc (#, 18002 Mueschke Rd, Cypress, TX 77433 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2040 Ohs Auto Body, Inc. dba Ohs Body Shop (#, 3560 Hwy 93 South, Kalispell, MT 59901 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 6/25/2040 Evinger PA One, Inc. dba Postal Annex, Falcon (#, 7661 McLaughlin Rd, Falcon, CO 80831 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 6/24/2025 RJI Services, Inc. (#, 353 E Angeleno Ste G, Burbank, CA 91502 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/23/2025 Real Help LLC dba Real Help Decorative Concrete (#, 2221 Broadway St., Buffalo, NY 14212 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2025 KRN Logistics, LLC and Newsome Trucking, Inc (#) 2262 Hwy 53 W, Jasper, GA 30143 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2025 
 F-310 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Inverted Healthcare Staffing of Florida LLC dba Interim Healthcare (#, 111 N Pompano Beach Blvd., Pompano Beach, FL 33062 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2025 AM PM Properties, LLC and AM PM Willington, LLC (#, 1308 Stafford Rd, Storrs Mansfield, CT 06268 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/17/2040 Mirage Plastering Inc and Mpire LLC and Mpire II LLC (#, 1802 W Grant Rd Ste 114, Tucson, AZ 85745 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2040 Eldredge Tavern LLC dba Gonyea's Tavern (#, 150 Main St., Pascoag, RI 02859 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2040 ViAr Visual Communications, Inc. dba Fastsigns 281701 (#, 4721 University Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2025 Medworxs LLC (#, 10901 W. Toller Dr, Littleton, CO 80127 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2025 DTM Parts Supply Inc. (#) 31 Sageman St, Mount Vernon, NY 10550 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 6/2/2025 XCESSIVE THROTTLE, INC dba Jake's Roadhouse (#, 5980 Lamar St., Arvada, CO 80003 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2025 Villela CPA PL (#, 777 Brickell Ave, Ste 500, Miami, FL 33131 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2025 Douglas Posey and Sally Watkinson dba Audrey's Farmhouse (#, 2188 Brunswyck Rd, Wallkill, NY 12589 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 5/20/2040 15 McArdle LLC and No Other Impressions Inc (#, 15 McArdle St., Rochester, NY 14611 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/15/2040 South Park Properties LLC and Midlothian Hardware LLC (#, 4751 147th St., Midlothian, IL 60445 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2040 Matthew Taylor and Landon Farm LLC (#) 6103 N Church St, Greensboro, NC 27455 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/4/2040 Cares Inc dba Dumpling Grounds Day Care Center (#, 4508 Blakiston St., Philadelphia, PA 19136 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 5/1/2040 Diamond Solutions LLC (#, 7845 East Evans Rd. Ste A, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 4/21/2025 Faramarz Nikourazm dba Car Clinic Center (#, 10707 Shady Trail, Dallas, TX 75220 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2040 Copper Beech Financial Group LLC (#, 1223 North Church St., Moorestown, NJ 08057 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2025 Sunset Marine Resort LLC and GoXpeditions LLC and Lavon Gomes (#, 40 Buzzard Ridge Rd, Sequim, WA 98382 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2040 Shorr Enterprises Inc dba New Design Furniture Manufacturers (#, 3033 NW 28 St., Lauderdale Lakes, FL 33311 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2025 Shellhorn and Hill Inc dba Total Fleet Service (#, 501 South Market St, Wilmington, DE 19801 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2040 
 F-311 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Foresite Realty Partners LLC and Foresite Real Estate Holdings LLC (#, 5600 N. River Rd #925, Rosemont, IL 60018 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2025 Joyce Outdoor Advertising NJ LLC and Joyce Outdoor Advertising LLC (#, 800 James Ave, Scranton, PA 18510 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/26/2040 Zero-In Media Inc (#, 1123 Broadway Ste 704, New York, NY 10010 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2025 Loriet LLC (#, 5001 Vivienda Way, Sarasota, FL 34235 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2025 Shelton Incorporated dba Mrs. Winners (#, 4509 N. Henry Blvd., Stockbridge, GA 30281 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2040 Jaymie Hazard dba Indigo Hair Studio and Day Spa (#, 2016 Warwick Ave, Warwick, RI 02889 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2040 R R Security and Investigations Inc dba Pardners Lake Buchanan (#, 15615 State Route 29, Buchanan Dam, TX 78609 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2040 MMS Realty, LLC and Molecular MS Diagnostics LLC (#, 1224 Greenwich Ave, Warwick, RI 02886 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/18/2040 Royal Crest Motors LLC (#, 769 Amesbury Rd, Haverhill, MA 01830 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2040 Luigi's on Main LLC and Luigi's Main Street Pizza Inc (#, 491 Montauk Hwy, Eastport, NY 11941 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/4/2025 Pace Motor Lines, Inc. (#, 1425 Honeyspot Rd Extension, Stratford, CT 06615 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2025 Kingseal LLC dba Desoto Health and Rehab Center (#, 475 Nursing Home Dr, Arcadia, FL 34266 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Term Loan Prime plus 2/26/2040 Kiddie Steps 4 You Inc. (#, 1700 West 63rd St., Chicago, IL 60636 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2040 Grand Blanc Lanes, Inc. and H, H and H, LLC (#, 5301 S Saginaw Rd, Flint, MI 48507 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2039 First Prevention and Dialysis Center, LLC (#, 17940 NW 27th Ave, Miami Gardens, FL 33056 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2024 Bowlerama Inc (#, 3031 New Castle Ave, New Castle, DE 19720 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2039 The Lodin Group LLC and Lodin Health Imaging Inc dba Highlands Breast (#, 114-115 Medical Center Ave, Sebring, FL 33870 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2039 Thermoplastic Services Inc and Paragon Plastic Sheet, Inc (#, 1700 W 4th St., Dequincy, LA 70633 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2039 B.S. Ventures LLC dba Dink's Market (#, 48649 Hwy 58, Oakridge, OR 97463 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2039 Will Zac Management LLC dba Papa John's (#) 2410 West Jefferson St., Ste B, Joliet, IL 60435 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 12/19/2024 
 F-312 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 The Jewelers Inc. dba The Jewelers of Las Vegas (#, 2400 Western Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89102 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2024 B W Towing, LLC and Boychucks Fuel LLC (#, 701 Addison Rd, Painted Post, NY 14870 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2039 Kemmer LLC and Apples Tree Top Liquors LLC (#, 1300 S Jackson St., Salem, IN 47167 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2039 Teamnewman Enterprises LLC dba Newmans at 988 and John H. Newman (#, 988 Hemlock St., Cannon Beach, OR 97110 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/25/2039 Legacy Estate Planning Inc dba American Casket Enterprises (#, 2176 Route 119 North, Greensburg, PA 15601 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2024 DC Real LLC and DC Enterprises LTD dba Lakeview True Value (#, 318 North F St., Lakeview, OR 97630 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2039 Heartland American Properties LLC and Skaggs RV Outlet LLC (#, 301 Commerce Dr, Elizabethtown, KY 42701 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2039 DNT Storage and Properties LLC (#, 38 Old National Pike, West Alexander, PA 15376 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2039 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 51 Donnelley Rd, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/10/2024 Doctors Express Management of Central Texas LLC (#, 3614 SW HK Dodgen Loop, Ste F, Temple, TX 76504 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/8/2024 Michael Rey Jr. and Lynn J. Williams and GIG Petcare dba Hickory (#, 900 Alpine Rd, Bridgeville, PA 15017 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2039 Sumad LLC dba BrightStar Care of Encinitas (#, 680 Fletcher Pkwy, Ste 206, El Cajon, CA 92020 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2024 Roccos LLC and Sullo Pantalone Inc dba Rocco's (#, 79 Beach Rd Units B13 and B14, Vineyard Haven, MA 02568 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2039 Gordon E Rogers dba Stonehouse Motor Inn (#, 162 Danielson Pike, Foster, RI 02825 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2039 Andrene's LLC dba Andrene's Caribbean Soul Food Carry Out (#, 308 Kennedy St. NW, Washington, DC 20011 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/23/2024 Ryan Crick and Pamela J. Crick and Crick Enterprises Inc (#, 3390 W. Andrew Johnson Hwy, Greeneville, TN 37743 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/17/2039 Animal Intrusion Prevention Systems Holding Company, LLC (#, 3330 N Beach St., Fort Worth, TX 76111 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2024 Tavern Properties LLC and Wildwood Tavern LLC (#, 6480 West Touhy Ave, Niles, IL 60714 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/15/2039 B P Diners LLC dba Engine House Restaurant (#, 71 Lafayette St.,, Salem, MA 01970 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/10/2024 
 F-313 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Atlas Auto Body Inc dba Atlas Auto Sales (#, 20 Providence St., West Warwick, RI 02893 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 8/22/2039 Katie Senior Care LLC dba Home Instead Senior Care (#, 222E Eufaula St Ste 220, Norman, OK 73069 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2024 Alpha Preparatory Academy LLC (#, 4462 Mink Livsey Rd, Snellville, GA 30039 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2039 Hamer Road Auto Salvage, LLC and Scott T. Cook and Nikki J. Cook (#, 10463 Hamer Rd, Georgetown, OH 45121 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 8/8/2039 Almost Home Property LLC and Almost Home Daycare LLC (#, 35 Copps Hill Rd, Ridgefield, CT 06877 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2039 575 Columbus Avenue Holding Company, LLC and LA-ZE LLC (#, 575 Columbus Ave, New Haven, CT 06519 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2039 Honeyspot Investors LLP and Pace Motor Lines Inc (#, 1425 Honeyspot Rd Extension, Stratford, CT 06615 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/24/2039 AMG Holding, LLC and Stetson Automotive, Inc (#, 309 Route 9, Waretown, NJ 08758 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2039 Honeyspot Investors LLP and Pace Motor Lines Inc (#, 1425 Honeyspot Rd Extension, Stratford, CT 06615 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2039 Lisle Lincoln II Limited Partnership dba Lisle Lanes LP (#, 4920 Lincoln Ave Route 53, Lisle, IL 60532 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2024 Nikobella Properties LLC and JPO Inc dba Village Car Wash (#, 1372 South US Route 12, Fox Lake, IL 60020 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/25/2039 Big Sky Plaza LLC and Strickland, Incorporated dba Livingston True Val (#, 1313 West Park St. #1, Livingston, MT 59047 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/20/2039 Sico Walsh Insurance Agency Inc and The AMS Trust (#, 106 Concord Ave, Belmont, MA 02478 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2039 Sujata Inc dba Stop N Save Food Mart and Dhruvesh Patel (#, 15637 St Clair Ave, Cleveland, OH 44110 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/3/2024 Long Island Barber Institute Inc (#, 266 Greenwich St., Hempstead, NY 11550 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/2/2039 Pocono Coated Products, LLC (#, 100 Sweetree St., Cherryville, NC 28021 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/30/2024 Jonesboro Health Food Center LLC (#, 1321 Stone St., Jonesboro, AR 72401 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/27/2024 The River Beas LLC and Punam Singh (#, 11704 Centurion Way, Potomac, MD 20854 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/8/2039 AS Boyals LLC dba Towne Liquors (#, 117 South Broad St., Woodbury City, NJ 08096 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2039 
 F-314 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Gerami Realty, LC Sherrill Universal City Corral, LP dba Golden (#, 2301 Pat Booker Rd, Universal City, TX 78148 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/23/2027 Island Wide Realty LLC and Long Island Partners, Inc. (#, 201-203-205 West Merrick Rd, Valley Stream, NY 11580 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2039 Wilshire Media Systems Inc (#, 2649 Townsgate Rd. Ste 500, Westlake Village, CA 91361 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2024 1899 Tavern Tap LLC and Ale House Tavern Tap LLC (#, 1899 State Route 35, South Amboy, NJ 08879 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2039 Hodges Properties LLC and Echelon Enterprises Inc dba Treads Bicycle (#, 16701 E. Iliff Ave, Aurora, CO 80013 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2039 Kemmer, LLC and Pitts Package Store, Inc. (#, 201 S. Main St., Salem, IN 47167 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2039 636 South Center Holdings, LLC and New Mansfield Brass and Aluminum Co (#) 636 South Center St., New Washington, OH 44854 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2039 Cormac Enterprises and Wyoming Valley Beverage Incorporated (#, 63 S Wyoming Ave, Edwardsville, PA 18704 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/20/2039 R R Boyal LLC dba Cap N Cat Clam Bar and Little Ease Tavern (#, 3111 and 3135 Delsea Dr, Franklinville, NJ 08322 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2039 Summit Beverage Group LLC (#, 211 Washington Ave, Marion, VA 24354 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2024 952 Boston Post Road Realty, LLC and HNA LLC dba Styles International (#, 952 Boston Post Rd, Milford, CT 06460 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2039 Faith Memorial Chapel LLC (#, 600 9th Ave North, Bessemer, AL 35020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2039 96 Mill Street LLC, Central Pizza LLC and Jason Bikakis George Bikaki (#, 96 Mill St., Berlin, CT 06037 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/12/2039 JWB Industries, Inc. dba Carteret Die Casting (#, 74 Veronica Ave, Somerset, NJ 08875 Primary Metal Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2024 986 Dixwell Avenue Holding Company, LLC and Mughali Foods, LLC (#, 986 Dixwell Ave, Hamden, CT 06510 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/7/2039 Sarah Sibadan dba Sibadan Agency (#, 102-05 101st Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11416 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2039 Icore Enterprises Inc dba Air Flow Filters Inc (#, 151 W 24th St, Hialeah, FL 33010 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 1/15/2024 Nutmeg North Associates LLC Steeltech Building Products Inc (#, 636 Nutmeg Rd North, South Windsor, CT 06074 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2038 
 F-315 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Amboy Woodbridge Realty LLC and United Premium Foods LLC (#) One Amboy Ave, Woodbridge, NJ 07095 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 6/14/2024 KK International Trading Corporation (#, 219 Lafayette Dr, Syosset, NY 11791 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2028 Kurtis Sniezek dba Wolfe's Foreign Auto (#, 712 5th St., New Brighton, PA 15066 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2038 920 CHR Realty LLC V. Garofalo Carting Inc (#, 920 Crooked Hill, Brentwood, NY 11717 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/10/2038 DKB Transport Corp (#, 555 Water Works Rd, Old Bridge, NJ 08857 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2038 Firm Foundations Inc David S Gaitan Jr and Christopher K Daigle (#, 1455 S Richland Creek Rd, Sugar HIll, GA 30518 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2038 BVIP Limousine Service LTD (#, 887 W Liberty, Medina, OH 44256 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2038 AcuCall LLC (#, 824 U.S Hwy 1, Ste 335, North Palm Beach, FL 33408 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2023 Kids in Motion of Springfield LLC dba The Little Gym of Springfield IL (#, 3039-3043 Hedley, Springfield, IL 62704 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/18/2023 Polpo Realty, LLC Polpo Restaurant, LLC (#, 554 Old Post Rd #3, Greenwich, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/6/2038 Mid-Land Sheet Metal Inc (#, 125 E Fesler St., Santa Maria, CA 93454 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2038 Master CNC Inc Master Properties LLC (#, 11825 29 Mile Rd, Washington, MI 48095 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2038 1 North Restaurant Corp dba 1 North Steakhouse (#, 322 W. Montauk Hwy, Hampton Bays, NY 11946 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2038 Janice B. McShan and The Metropolitan Day School, LLC (#, 2817 Lomb Ave, Birmingham, AL 35208 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2023 Clairvoyant Realty Corp. and Napoli Marble Granite Design, Ltd (#, 77 Mill Rd, Freeport, NY 11520 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2038 Greenbrier Technical Services, Inc (#, 407 E. Edgar Ave, Ronceverte, WV 24970 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/24/2023 Lenoir Business Partners LLC LP Industries, Inc dba Childforms (#, 2040 Norwood, Lenoir, NC 28645 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2038 LP Industries, Inc dba Childforms (#, 110 Charleston Dr, Ste 105-107, Morresville, NC 28117 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2038 Cencon Properties LLC and Central Connecticut Warehousing Company, Inc (#, 37 Commons Court, Waterbury, CT 06704 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2038 Mitchellville Family Dentistry, Dr. Octavia Simkins-Wiseman DDS PC (#, 12150 Annapolis Rd, Ste 301, Glenn Dale, MD 20769 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2038 
 F-316 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Anthony C Dinoto and Susan S P Dinoto and Anthony C Dinoto Funeral (#, 17 Pearl St., Mystic, CT 06355 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/26/2038 Kiddie Steps 4 You Inc. (#, 1700 West 63rd St., Chicago, IL 60636 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2038 Serious-Fun in Alpharetta, LLC dba The Little Gym of Alpharetta (#, 11585 Jones Bridge Rd, Ste 4G, Johns Creek, GA 30022 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2023 Faith Memorial Chapel LLC (#, 600 9th Ave North, Bessemer, AL 35020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2038 Maynard Enterprises Inc dba Fastsigns of Texarkana (#, 3735 Mall Dr, Texarkana, TX 75501 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2023 Grafio Inc dba Omega Learning Center-Acworth (#, 5330 Brookstone Dr, Ste 320, Acworth, GA 30101 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2023 The Berlerro Group, LLC dba Sky Zone (#, 111 Rodeo Dr, Edgewood, NY 11717 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2023 Sound Manufacturing Inc (#, 51 Donnelley Rd, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 9/12/2028 Prospect Kids Academy Inc (#, 532 St Johns Place, Brooklyn, NY 11238 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/11/2038 Schmaltz Holdings, LLC and Schmaltz Operations, LLC (#, 3408 Castle Rock Farm Rd, Pittsboro, NC 27312 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/4/2038 Gulfport Academy Child Care and Learning Center, Inc. and Jennifer Sis (#, 15150 Evans St., Gulfport, MS 39503 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2023 Caribbean Concepts, Inc. dba Quick Bleach (#, 120 East 56th St., St.#730, New York, NY 10022 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2023 Daniel W and Erin H Gordon and Silver Lining Stables CT, LLC (#, 38 Carmen Lane, Monroe, CT 06468 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 7/24/2023 Angkor Restaurant Inc (#, 10 Traverse St., Providence, RI 02903 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2038 Harbor Ventilation Inc and Estes Investment, LLC (#, 509 East Park St., Livingston, MT 59047 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2038 Tri County Heating and Cooling Inc. (#, 509 East Park St., Livingston, MT 59047 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2023 Morning Star Trucking LLC and Morning Star Equipment and Leasing LLC (#, 1 Poppy Ave, Neptune, NJ 07753 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 7/17/2023 Maxiflex LLC (#, 512 Verret St., New Orleans, LA 70114 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2023 GIA Realty LLC and VRAJ GIA LLC dba Lakeview Laundromat (#, 411 Sharp St., Millville, NJ 08332 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2038 2161 Highway 6 Trail, LLC, R. H. Hummer JR., Inc. (#, 2141 P Ave, Williamsburg, IA 52361 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/19/2026 
 F-317 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Blakeslee Arpaia Chapman, Inc. dba Blakeslee Industrial Services (#, 200 North Branford Rd, Branford, CT 06405 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Prime plus 6/18/2028 KDP LLC and KDP Investment Advisors, Inc and KDP Asset Management, Inc (#, 24 Elm St., Montpelier, VT 05602 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2023 
 Elite Structures Inc (#, 401 Old Quitman Rd, Adel, GA 31620 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2038 Absolute Desire LLC and Mark H. Szierer and Sophisticated Smile (#, 85 Reaville Ave, Flemington, NJ 08822 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/5/2038 Gregory P Jellenek OD and Associates PC (#, 4640 Monticello Ave, Ste 8A, Williamsburg, VA 23188 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/28/2023 Ryan D. Thornton and Thornton Associates LLC (#, 800 Bethel St., Ste 200, Honolulu, HI 96813 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/24/2023 Peanut Butter Co., Inc. (#, 250 West 54th St., New York, NY 10019 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 4/30/2023 1258 Hartford TPKE, LLC and Phelps and Sons, Inc (#, 1258 Hartford Turnpike, Vernon, CT 06066 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2038 Xela Pack, Inc. and Aliseo and Catherine Gentile (#, 8300 Boettner Rd, Saline, MI 48176 Paper Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2028 A M Commerce, Inc. dba Cranberry Sunoco (#, 398 Baltimore Blvd, Westminster, MD 21157 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2038 American Diagnostic Imaging, Inc. dba St. Joseph Imaging Center (#, 3937 Sherman Ave, Saint Joseph, MO 64506 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2038 Michael A.and HeatherR. Welsch dba Art FrameEtc. (#, 2819 West T C Jester Blvd., Houston, TX 77018 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2038 Sound Manufacturing, Inc. and Monster Power Equipment Inc. (#, 51 Donnelley Rd, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2023 Osceola River Mill, LLC Ironman Machine, Inc. (#, 27 Hungerford St., Pittsfield, MA 01201 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2038 Retain Loyalty LLC (#, 1250 Sanders Ave SW, Massillon, OH 44647 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 2/15/2038 Sherill Universal City dba Golden Corral LP (#, 2301 Pat Booker Rd, Universal City, TX 78148 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2038 Macho LLC Madelaine Chocolate Novelties Inc (#, 96-03 Beach Channel Dr, Rockaway Beach, NY 11693 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2037 Polpo Realty LLC Polpo Restaurant LLC (#, 554 Old Post Rd #3, Greenwich, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2037 Daniel Gordon and Erin Gordon and Silver Lining Stables CT, LLC (#, 38 Carmen Lane, Monroe, CT 06468 Support Activities for Agriculture and Forestry Term Loan Prime plus 11/28/2037 Richmond Hill Mini Market, LLC (#, 101 Richmond Hill Ave, Stamford, CT 06902 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/27/2037 
 F-318 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 DRV Enterprise, Inc. dba Cici's Pizza # 339 (#, 5771 East Fowler Ave, Temple Terrace, FL 33617 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/26/2022 U A Food and Fuel, Inc. dba Express Gas Food Mart (#, 1345 Wampanoag Trail, East Providence, RI 02915 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/21/2037 R J Petroleum LLC Manar USA, Inc. (#, 305 Quincy Shore Dr, Quincy, MA 02107 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 11/20/2037 St Judes Physical Therapy P.C. (#, 7712 Fourth Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11209 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2022 Hi-Def Imaging, Inc. dba SpeedPro Imaging (#, 3580 Progress Dr, Unit Q, Bensalem, PA 19020 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2022 Reidville Hydraulics Mfg Inc dba Summit (#, 175 Industrial Lane, Torrington, CT 06790 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 11/2/2037 O'Rourkes Diner LLC dba O'Rourke's Diner (#, 728 Main St., Middletown, CT 06457 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2037 AJK Enterprise LLC dba AJK Enterprise LLC (#, 1901 Naylor Rd, SE, Washington, DC 20020 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/27/2022 Suncoast Aluminum Furniture, Inc (#, 6291 Thomas Rd, Fort Myers, FL 33912 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 8/17/2037 Central Tire, Inc. dba Cooper Tire Auto Services (#, 1111 S Tillotson Ave, Muncie, IN 47304 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2037 KIND-ER-ZZ Inc dba Kidville (#, 30 Maple St., Summit, NJ 07901 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/15/2022 Graphish Studio, Inc. and Scott Fishoff (#, 231 Main St., Stanford, CT 06901 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/14/2022 Tracey Vita-Morris dba Tracey Vita's School of Dance (#, 4181 9th Ave West, Bradenton, FL 34025 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/10/2022 Access Staffing, LLC (#, 360 Lexington Ave, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2022 Manuel P. Barrera and Accura Electrical Contractor, Inc. (#, 6187 NW 167th St. Unit H3, Miami, FL 33015 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 3/23/2028 Shweiki Media, Inc. dba Study Breaks Magazine (#, 4954 Space Center Dr, San Antonio, TX 78218 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2027 ATI Jet, Inc. (#, 7007 Boeing Dr, El Paso, TX 79925 Air Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2026 J. Kinderman Sons, Inc. dba Brite Star Manufacturing Company (#, 2900 South 20th St., Philadelphia, PA 19145 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2036 39581 Garfield, LLC and Tricounty Neurological Associates, P.C. (#, 39581 Garfield Rd, Clinton Township, MI 48038 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2036 39581 Garfield, LLC and Tri County Neurological Associates, P.C. (#, 39581 Garfield Rd, Clinton Township, MI 48038 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2036 
 F-319 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Michael S. Decker Janet Decker dba The Hen House Cafe (#, 401 Caribou St., Simla, CO 80835 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2036 Valiev Ballet Academy, Inc (#, 635 - 637 Londonderry Lane, Denton, TX 76205 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2036 LaHoBa, LLC d/b/a Papa John's (#, 3001 Pontchartrain Dr, Slidell, LA 70458 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/3/2036 Lavertue Properties LLP dba Lavertue Properties (#, 24 Wakefield St., Rochester, NH 13867 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2036 Lisle Lincoln II Limited Partnership dba Lisle Lanes LP (#, 4920 Lincoln Ave Route 53, Lisle, IL 60532 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2036 Profile Performance, Inc. and Eidak Real Estate, L.L.C. (#, 44600 Michigan Ave, Canton, MI 48188 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/20/2036 Northwind Outdoor Recreation, Inc. dba Red Rock Wilderness Store (#, 2267 Fernberg Trail, Ely, MN 55731 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 4/18/2036 Michael S. Korfe dba North Valley Auto Repair (#, 7516 B 2nd St., NW, Albuquerque, NM 87107 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2036 Seagate Group Holdings, Inc. dba Seagate Logistics, Inc. (#, 64-68 North Central Ave, Valley Stream, NY 11580 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2036 Robert F. Schuler and Lori A. Schuler dba Bob s Service Center (#, 2879 Limekiln Pike, Glenside, PA 19038 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2035 Rudy Louise Chavez dba Clyde's Auto and Furniture Upholstery (#, 2320 2nd St., Albuquerque, NM 87107 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 9/2/2035 Tanner Optical Inc. dba Murphy Eye Care (#, 305 Shirley Ave, Douglas, GA 31533 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2035 Animal Intrusion Prevention Systems Holding Company, LLC (#, 3330 North Beach St., Haltom City, TX 76111 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2024 D D's Divine Beauty School of Esther, LLC (#, 5524 Germantown Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19144 Educational Services Term Loan Fixed 8/1/2031 Bliss Coffee and Wine Bar, LLC (#) 1402-A Handlir Dr, Bel Air, MD 21015 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 11/30/2022 1911 East Main Street Holdings, Corp (#, 1911 East Main St., Endicott, NY 13760 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 5/18/2032 Water Works Laundromat, LLC (#, 968-970 Bergen St., Newark, NJ 07104 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/7/2027 Dave Kris, and MDK Ram Corp. (#, 15 Elm Park, Groveland, MA 01930 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2026 Head To Toe Personalized Pampering, Inc. (#, 2331 North State Rd 7, Lauderhill, FL 33313 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/27/2031 
 F-320 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments (1) (22) 

 Moonlight Multi Media Production, Inc. (#, 2700 West Cypress Creek Rd, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Other Information Services Term Loan Fixed 2/1/2025 David M. Goens dba Superior Auto Paint Body, Inc. (#) 1912 Manhattan Ave, Harvey, LA 70058 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 8/26/2024 Whirlwind Car Wash, Inc. (#, 1370 Le Anne Marie Circle, Columbus, OH 43026 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2029 Shuttle Car Wash, Inc. dba Shuttle Car Wash (#, 745 Cheney Hwy, Ttitusville, FL 32780 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 11/10/2028 Min Hui Lin (#, 1916 Broad St., Lanett, AL 36863 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2028 Auto Sales, Inc. (#, 1925 State St., Hamden, CT 06417 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 8/17/2023 Robin C. Charles E. Taylor Brigantine Aquatic Center LLC (#) 3118 Bayshore Ave, Brigantine, NJ 08203 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/14/2023 Track Side Collision Tire, Inc. (#, 98-16 160 Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11414 Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/16/2025 Deesha Corporation, Inc. dba Best Inn Suites (#, 9225 Pkwy East, Birmingham, AL 35206 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2025 Randall D. Patricia D. Casaburi dba Pat's Pizzazz (#, 386 Winsted Rd, Torrington, CT 06790 Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2023 Naseeb Corporation (#, 1696 North Broad St., Meriden, CT 06450 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2024 Stillwell Ave Prep School (#, 1990 Stillwell Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11214 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 1/14/2023 Alyssa Corp dba Knights Inn (#, 1105 Columbus Pkwy, Opelika, AL 36801 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2023 Bhailal Patel dba New Falls Motel (#, 201 Lincoln Hwy, Fairless Hills, PA 19030 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2023 Pegasus Automotive, Inc. (#, 3981 Hylan Blvd, Staten Island, NY 10308 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2022 Total SBA Unguaranteed Accrual Investments 
 F-321 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 D D Optics Inc dba Sterling Optical ,#, 1487 East LaSalle Dr, Bismark, ND 58503 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Edge Studios Inc Radiant Yoga LLC ,#, 448 Howe Ave, Sacramento, CA 95825 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2027 3SIXO Motorsports LLC dba 3SIXO Motorsports Shop ,#, 217 W Main St., Centralia, WA 98531 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 1/6/2029 ABC Sandblasting, LLC ,#, 14029 56th St. NW, Williston, ND 58801 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 Acton Hardware LLC and Mark Allgood Jamie Allgood ,#) 31814 Crown Valley Rd, Acton, CA 93510 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 3/24/2041 Advance Case Parts RE Holdings LLC and Advance Case Parts Inc ,#) 12485-12489 NW 44th St., Coral Springs, FL 33071 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2040 Albas Bar Grill LLC ,#, 221 Self Main St., Homer City, PA 15748 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 10/13/2042 Alive Design, LLC ,#) 1906 NE 23 rd Ave, Cape Coral, FL 33909 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/13/2027 All Printing Solutions, Inc. dba Pryntcomm ,#) 303 E. Sioux Ave., Pierre, SD 57501 Printing and Related Support Activities Term Loan Fixed 6/27/2041 Amboy Group, LLC dba Tommy Moloney's ,#) 1 Amboy Ave, Woodbridge, NJ 07095 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 6/14/2024 Anderson Companies LLC ,#, 3015 S White Horse Pike, Hammonton, NJ 08037 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2044 Anglin Cultured Stone Products LLC ,#, 877 Salem Church Rd, Newark, DE 19702 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Fixed 12/27/2042 Anglin Cultured Stone Products LLC dba Anglin Construction ,#) 877 Salem Church Rd, Newark, DE 19702 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2025 Anurag, LLC dba Oakwood Package Store ,#, 191-195 Oakwood Ave, West Hartford, CT 06107 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2043 Apple Tree NC Inc dba Williams Farm Garden Center ,#) 109 Barkside Lane, New Bern, NC 28562 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 7/28/2041 Arclay ,LLC ,#, 49 Geyser Rd Ste 100, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 5/5/2030 Auto Shine Carwash Inc and AKM R. Hossain and Jessica F. Masud ,#) 2646 South Rd, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Fixed 9/26/2024 AWA Fabrication Construction, L.L.C. ,#) 811 Country Rd #99, Headland, AL 36345 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 4/30/2025 B for Blonde, LLC dba Blo Blow Dry Bar ,#) 142 East 49th St., New York, NY 10017 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 2/12/2026 B for Brunette dba Blo ,#, 50 Glen Cove Rd, Greenvale, NY 11548 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 9/10/2023 D for Dream LLC dba Blo Blow Dry Bar Inc ,#, 460 East 3rd Ave, New York, NY 10016 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Fixed 5/13/2029 
 F-322 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 B B Fitness and Barbell, Inc. dba Elevations Health Club ,#) Route 611 North, Scotrun, PA 18355 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 6/22/2035 B C Texas Leasing Inc and M W Hot Oil, Inc. ,#, 8124 Sprague Rd, Odessa, TX 73764 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2028 B C Texas Leasing Inc.,M W Hot Oill, Inc ,#, 8124 Sprague Rd, Odessa, TX 79764 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2043 B4 Fitness LLC dba The Zoo Health Club ,#) 4 Beehive Dr, Epping, NH 03042 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/23/2026 Baker Sales, Inc. d/b/a Baker Sales, Inc. ,#) 60207 Camp Villere Rd, Slidell, LA 70460 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Fixed 3/29/2036 Band Sawn Lumber,LLC and Nathan Ryan Adams ,#, 1873 State Hwy 29, Johnstown, NY 12095 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 5/15/2042 Baobab Asset Management LLC ,#, 2 Greenwich Office Park, Ste 260, Greenwich, CT 06831 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 BB Services, LLC ,#, 580 39 Rd, Palisade, CO 81526 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Bear Creek Entertainment LLC dba The Woods at Bear Creek ,#, 3510 Bear Creek Rd, Franklinville, NY 14737 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 8/12/2041 Bear Creek Entertainment, LLC dba The Woods at Bear Creek ,#) 3510 Bear Creek Rd, Franklinville, NY 14737 Accommodation Term Loan Fixed 12/30/2024 Bebos Inc dba Pizza Hut Sunoco ,#) 2003 West 5th St., Clifton, TX 76634 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Fixed 3/28/2028 Bev's Sweets LLC ,#, 3778 Hwy 254, Cleveland, GA 30528 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Fixed 9/30/2044 Big Picture Group LLC ,#, 935 N La Jolla, Los Angeles, CA 90046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/12/2027 Big Picture Group LLC ,#, 935 N La Jolla, Los Angeles, CA 90046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/28/2029 Bloomquist Communications Inc. ,#) 131 East Trinity Place, Decatur, GA 30030 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2026 Bone Bar Grill LLC ,#) 3547 3551 Philipsburg Bigler Hwy, West Decatur, PA 16878 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 6/30/2042 Bowl Mor, LLC dba Bowl Mor Lanes / Spare Lounge, Inc. ,#) 201 Highland Ave, East Syracuse, NY 13057 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/13/2039 Brandywine Picnic Park, Inc. and B.Ross Capps Linda Capps ,#) 690 South Creek Rd, West Chester, PA 19382 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/30/2031 Calhoun Satellite Communications, Inc. ,#) 1914 Tigertail Blvd, Dania Beach, FL 33004 Telecommunications Term Loan Fixed 12/2/2026 Capital Containers LLC ,#, 7610 Auburn Blvd #4B, Citrus Heights, CA 95610 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 
 F-323 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Carl R. Bieber, Inc. dba Bieber Tourways/Bieber Transportation/Bieber ,#) 320 Fair St., Kutztown, PA 19530 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 9/30/2027 Central Medical Clinic, PLLC- Clinica Central ,#) 393 North Dunlap St. Ste LL26, LL34, LL38, St. Paul, MN 55104 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 6/7/2029 Chickamauga Properties, Inc., MSW Enterprises, LLP ,#) 214 Sutherland Way, Rocky Face, GA 30740 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 12/22/2035 Children First Home Health Care Inc ,#, 1220 Broadcasting Rd Ste 202, Wyomissing, PA 19610 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/27/2028 CIS BIG DOG, LLC ,#, 8920 US HWY, 62 WEST, Cynthiana, KY 41031 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2027 Clark Realty LLC ,#) 4 Walker Way, Albany, NY 12205 Real Estate Term Loan Fixed 8/29/2041 Cleland Pharmacy LLC ,#, 202 S First St., Wakeeney, KS 67672 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 Royal Blue Investments, Inc. and Cleland Pharmacy LLC ,#, 202 S. 1st St., Wakeeny, KS 67672 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2042 Colts V LLC and Nowatzke Service Center, Inc dba Nowatzke Truck Trai ,#) 6900 Whitmore Lake Rd, Whitmore Lake, MI 48189 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Fixed 9/26/2039 Commonwealth Diagnostics International, Inc ,#, 39 Norman St. a/k/a 1 Holyoke Square, Salem, MA 01970 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/20/2027 Conference Services International ETC LLC ,#, 4802 West Van Buren St., Phoenix, AZ 85007 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Fixed 8/14/2028 Custom Software, Inc. a Colorado Corporation dba M-33 Access ,#) 380 E. Borden Rd, Rose City, MI 48654 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 11/30/2024 CZAR Industries, Inc. ,#, 1424 Heath Ave, Ewing, NJ 08638 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 12/19/2027 D G Capital LLC dba Miami Grill 277 ,#) 2521 North Federal Hwy, Unit C, Boca Raton, FL 33431 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 12/16/2025 D.A.F.S Transport, LLC ,#, 207 S. Teresa St., Monahans, TX 79756 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2028 Darnoc Enterprises Inc, Setira Paul Inc dba Conrad's Famous Bakery, In ,#, 299 Utica Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11203 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2043 Dean 1021 LLC dba Pure Pita ,#, 106 Central Ave, Westfield, NJ 07090 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/29/2025 Dependable Lawn Care, Inc. ,#, 2320 138TH ST, Blue Island, IL 60406 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2029 Dependable Lawn Care, Inc. ,#, 2320 138th St., Blue Island, IL 60406 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/21/2044 
 F-324 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Destination Hope, Inc, TrilogyTreatment Wellness Center, Inc, The Ac ,#) 6555 NW 9th Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2029 DG Business Solutions, Inc ,#, 11008 Rene St., Lenexa, KS 66215 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/30/2029 Dixie Transport, Inc. Johnny D. Brown Jimmy Brown Maudain Brown ,#, 2685 US Hwy 41, Calhoun, GA 30701 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/28/2035 Doxa Deo Inc dba Luv 2 Play ,#) 1600 Village Market Blvd, Leesburg, VA 20175 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 2/28/2026 Driven Warehouse/Distribution LLC ,#) 271 East North Ave, Glendale, IL 60139 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/22/2027 Dynamic Dental Corporation ,#, 3760 NW 126th Ave, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 5/31/2029 E I Holdings, LP PA Farm Products, LLC ,#) 1095 Mt Airy Rd, Stevens, PA 17578 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 4/30/2030 Eagle Aggregate Transportation, LLC and Eagle Pneumatic Transport LLC ,#, 4401 N I-35 #113, Denton, TX 76207 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2024 Earth First Recycling, LLC and 191 Clark Road, LLC ,#, 400 Island Park Rd, Easton, PA 18040 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Fixed 6/5/2027 Elegant Fireplace Mantels, Inc. dba Elegant Fireplace Mantels ,#, 11949 Borden Ave, San Fernando, CA 91340 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 12/31/2022 Ericon, Inc. ,#) 740 Davenport Ave, Fremont, NE 68025 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Fixed 12/1/2041 ERT Group Inc and Curt's Tools Inspection Inc ,#) 5229 142nd Dr. NW, Williston, ND 58801 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Fixed 3/18/2041 Evergreen Pallet LLC and Evergreen Recycle LLC ,#) 302 W 53rd St N., Wichita, KS 67204 Wood Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 3/16/2026 Magill Truck Line LLC and Jeff J. Ralls ,#) 211 West 53rd St. N., Park City, KS 67204 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 2/23/2026 Evernook Valley Milk LLC ,#, 7448 Emmerson Rd, Everson, WA 98247 Animal Production and Aquaculture Term Loan Fixed 8/31/2042 Excel RP Inc ,#, 6531 Park Ave, Allen Park, MI 48101 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 8/30/2023 Excel RP Inc ,#) 6531 Park Ave, Allen Park, MI 48101 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 3/25/2026 Excel RP, Inc./Kevin and Joann Foley ,#) 6531 Park Ave, Allen Park, MI 48101 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 7/8/2028 Florida Apnea Diagnostics LLC ,#, 2664 Cypress Ridge Blvd Ste. 101 102 A, Wesley Chapel, FL 33544 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 10/20/2027 Flower City Customs Inc. ,#, 1805 Tebor Rd, Unit 4, Webster, NY 14580 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2030 
 F-325 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Four Seasons Laser Center Inc. ,#, 4720 NW 2nd Ave Unit D-104 and Unit D-105, Boca Raton, FL 33498 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2042 Four Seasons Laser Center Inc. ,#, 4720 NW 2nd Ave Unit D104 and Unit D-105, Boca Raton, FL 33498 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2029 Freedom Enterprises, Inc ,#) 2431 14th Ave SE, Watertown, SD 57201 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 Freedom Enterprises, Inc - New RE company to be formed ,#) 2431 14th Ave SE, Watertown, SD 57201 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2044 Frontier Sand LLC ,#, 305 Country Hwy AA, New Auburn, WI 54757 Mining (except Oil and Gas) Term Loan Fixed 11/30/2027 GEM2K, LLC dba Precision Precast Group ,#, 4150 E Magnolia St., Phoenix, AZ 85034 Miscellaneous Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 5/19/2027 Grand Manor Realty, Inc. Kevin LaRoe ,#) 318 S. Halsted St., Chicago, IL 60661 Real Estate Term Loan Fixed 2/20/2023 Greensboro Plastic Surgical Associates, PA ,#, 2716 Henry St., Greensboro, NC 27405 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 6/29/2042 GT Performance Plus Inc ,#, 4210 College St., Beaumont, TX 77707 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2044 GT Performance Plus Inc ,#, 4210 College St., Beaumont, TX 77707 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 6/11/2029 H.M.C, Incorporated ,#, 7190 Oakland Mills Rd Ste 10, Columbia, MD 21046 Furniture and Related Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 7/3/2028 Hackensack Steel Corporation and Luzerne Ironworks Inc ,#, 300 Sly St., Swoyersville, PA 18709 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2026 Hana Pastries Enterprises LLC dba Hana Kitchens, Hana Pastries, Inc. d ,#, 34 35th St., Brooklyn, NY 11232 Food Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 12/14/2027 HDD Solutions, LLC ,#) 6550 Progress Pkwy, Cedar Hill, MO 63016 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 12/31/2028 HG Ventures, Inc. dba Diamond Head Trucking ,#, 100 Phoenix Dr, Finleyville, PA 15332 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 6/29/2030 Humd, LLC dba La Rosa Chicken and Grill ,#) 3111 N. University Dr, Coral Springs, FL 33065 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/31/2030 iFood, Inc. dba Steak N Shake ,#, 2840 E Millbrook Rd, Raleigh, NC 27604 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2039 iFood, Inc. dba Steak N Shake ,#, 5900 Duraleigh Rd, Raleigh, NC 27612 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/31/2024 IHC Hardware Inc. ,#, 614 Broad St., Story City, IA 50248 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 12/6/2042 Insight Vision Care, PC, CRMOD Lubbock, P.C.,Vielm Vision Eyecare Inc ,#, 4899 Griggs Rd, Houston, TX 77021 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/27/2043 
 F-326 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Iredell Oral Facial Surgery, P.C. dba Johnson Oral Surgery ,#, 229 Medical Park Rd, Ste 310, Mooresville, NC 28117 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 3/29/2044 J K Fitness, LLC dba Physiques Womens Fitness Center ,#) 2505 Verot School Rd, Lafayette, LA 70508 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 6/8/2036 J. A. Kohlhepp Sons, Inc. dba Kohlhepp's True Value ,#) 640 Dubois St., Du Bois, PA 15801 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2026 J. A. Kohlhepp Sons, Inc. dba Kohlhepp's True Value ,#) 640 Dubois St., Dubois, PA 15801 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2041 Japp Business Inc dba Pick and Eat and Japp Drink Corp. ,#) 4179 Broadway, New York, NY 10033 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/30/2025 Jay Carlton's, LLC dba Jay Birds Rotisserie Grill ,#, 24480 W 10 Mile RD, Southfield, MI 48033 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 1/4/2029 Jessie's Radiator and Automotive ,#, 1777 N Ventura Ave, Ventura, CA 93001 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 10/31/2029 JMD Aviation Holdings, LLC ,#, 8050 North West 90th St., Medley, FL 33166 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2027 Johnny's Boy LLC ,#, 127 East King St., Martinsburg, WV 25401 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/7/2044 Kantz LLC and Kantz Auto LLC dba Kantz's Hometown Auto ,#) 200 West Adams St, Cochranton, PA 16314 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 10/29/2039 Kids at Heart,LLC dba Monster Mini Golf ,#) 10 Newbury St., Danvers, MA 01923 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/22/2026 Kidtastic LLC dba The Little Gym of Audubon ,#) 2850 Audubon Dr, Audubon, PA 19403 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 7/27/2026 Kostekos Inc dba New York Style Pizza ,#) 10 South King St., Gloucester, NJ 08030 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 2/6/2040 LA Diner Inc dba Loukas L A Diner ,#) 3205 Route 22 East, Branchburg, NJ 08876 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2037 LAN Doctors Inc ,#) 14 Pierson Court, Mahwah, NJ 07430 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 8/28/2025 LAN Doctors Inc ,#) 14 Pierson Court, Mahwah, NJ 07430 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Fixed 3/16/2026 Legacy Roof Contractors LLC ,#, 32091 Broken Branch Circle, Spanish Fort, AL 36527 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 2/28/2044 Linqserv Inc. ,#, 1555 Lyell Ave, Rochester, NY 14606 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 11/9/2027 Luv 2 Play Nor Cal, LLC ,#, 82 Clarksville Rd, Folsom, CA 95682 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/25/2029 Luv 2 Play Nor Cal, LLC dba Luv 2 Play ,#) 82 Clarksville Rd, Folsom, CA 95630 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2026 Luv 2 Play Temecula, LLC ,#) 26469 Ynez Rd, Temecula, CA 92591 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 8/15/2026 
 F-327 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Malhame Company Publishers Importers Inc. ,#, 180 Orville Rd, Bohemia, NY 11780 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/29/2027 Mariam Diner Inc dba Country Kitchen Restaurant ,#) 17393 Main St., Hesperia, CA 92345 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 3/18/2026 Marlin Lighting LLC ,#, 7207 B Lockport Pl, Lorton, VA 22079 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 12/19/2028 Matchless Transportation LLC dba First Class Limo ,#) 31525 Aurora Rd # 5, Solon, OH 44139 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 5/31/2020 Medeiros Holdings Inc dba Outdoor Lighting Perspectives of the Triad ,#) 780 S Peace Haven Rd, Winston Salem, NC 27103 Electrical Equipment, Appliance, and Component Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 11/25/2025 MIT LLC ,#, 11 North Peach ST., Medford, OR 97504 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2042 Mojo Brands Media, LLC ,#) 3260 University Blvd., Ste 100, Winter Park, FL 32792 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Fixed 8/28/2023 Moon Landscaping, Inc, Moon Group, Inc moon Nursery, Inc, Moon Site Ma ,#, 145 Moon Rd, Chesapeake City, MD 21915 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Morris Glass and Construction Inc ,#) 40058 Hwy 30, Astoria, OR 97103 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 10/1/2023 Mr. Lube, Inc ,#, 721 E Westpoint Dr., Wasilla, AK 99654 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2043 Mr. Lube, Inc. ,#, 721 E. West Point Dr, Wasilla, AK 99654 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/22/2028 Murf Sons LLC ,#, 3821 Pleasant Hill Rd, Store #B-107, Kissimmee, FL 34746 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 11/16/2027 N Transport LLC ,#, 5348 W Brown Ave, Fresno, CA 93722 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 11/20/2027 National Dredging Services of North Florida, Inc. ,#, 1537 Northwest Main Blvd., Lake City, FL 32055 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2028 National Dredging Services of North Florida, Inc. ,#, 1537 Northwest Main Blvd., Lake City, FL 32055 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2043 Olsen Bros. Transportation, Inc. Golden Spike Leasing, LLC ,#, 2520 Pennsylvania Ave, Ogden, UT 84401 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 6/20/2028 Panther Ironworks and Rigging Solutions LLC ,#) 1028 Washburn Switch Rd, Shelby, NC 28150 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 11/10/2026 Paragon Fabricators Inc, Paragon Field Services, Inc and Paragon Globa ,#) 412 and 500 Main St., La Marque, TX 77568 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2026 Paragon Global, LLC and Paragon Fabricators Inc and Paragon Field Serv ,#) 412 and 500 Main St., La Marque, TX 77568 Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Term Loan Fixed 9/28/2041 Pecos Entertainment LLC dba State Theater and Pecos Inn LLC dba Econo ,#, 421 S. Oak St., Pecos, TX 79772 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/27/2042 
 F-328 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Pecos Entertainment LLC dba State Theater ,#, 421 South Oak St, Pecos, TX 79772 Motion Picture and Sound Recording Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2029 Pecos Inn LLC dba Econo Lodge ,#) 2207 W Third St., Pecos, TX 79772 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 4/28/2041 Peter K Lee MD, PC dba Atlanta Primary Care ,#, 211 Roberson Mill Rd, Milledgeville, GA 31061 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 9/13/2043 Peter K Lee MD, PC dba Atlanta Primary Care LLC ,#, 5 Ashford Way, Hawkinsville, GA 31061 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 9/13/2028 Picon Motors LLC dba The New Young's Motors ,#, 199-211 Central Ave, Orange, NJ 07080 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Fixed 6/12/2029 Play4Fun dba Luv 2 Play ,#, 13722 Jamboree Rd, Irvine, CA 92602 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 3/7/2028 Top Cat Ready Mix, LLC, Ples Investments LLC, and Pappy's Sand and ,#) 13851 S State HWY 34, Scurry, TX 75158 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Fixed 10/28/2025 Prestige Construction of Florida, LLC ,#, 1404 Yorktown St. Ste E, Deland, FL 34944 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Fixed 5/23/2042 Providence Management Environmental, LLC, Tindol Energy Group, LLC ,#, 6570 W Hwy 67, Cleburne, TX 76033 Waste Management and Remediation Services Term Loan Fixed 6/19/2029 R K Contracting Inc ,#) 3605 NW 31st Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 2/18/2026 Ramjay Inc. ,#, 85 S. Bragg St. Ste 303, Alexandria, VA 22312 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 1/13/2027 Recovery Boot Camp, LLC, Rule 62, Inc. and Healing Properties, LLC ,#, 85 SW 5th Ave, Delray Beach, FL 33444 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 12/28/2028 RG Productions LLC ,#, 2414 W Battlefield Ste H, Springfield, MO 65807 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Fixed 3/28/2029 Rich's Food Stores LLC dba Hwy 55 of Wallace ,#) 611 East Southerland St., Wallace, NC 28466 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/14/2026 Rihahn Inc. dba RDBL, Inc ,#, 1397 McGuire Rd, Lamar, AR 72846 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Fixed 9/14/2028 RIHAHN INC dba RDBL, INC. ,#, 1397 McGuire Rd, Lamar, AR 72846 Forestry and Logging Term Loan Prime plus 2/5/2029 Route 130 SCPI Holdings LLC Route 130 SCPI Operations LLC ,#) 423-429 Route 156, Trenton, NJ 08620 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 9/30/2039 RWBB LLC ,#, 4120 7th Ave, Kenosha, WI 53140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/26/2044 RWBB LLC ,#) 4120 7th Ave, Kenosha, WI 53140 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2029 Sambella Holdings, LLC and Strike Zone Entertainment Center LLC ,#) 726-740 South Fleming St., Sebastian, FL 32958 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 11/23/2040 Sambella Holdings, LLC and Strike Zone Entertainment Center LLC ,#, 726-740 South Fleming St., Sebastian, FL 32958 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/24/2041 
 F-329 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 Sanabi Investment, LLC dba Oscar's Moving and Storage ,#, 11421 N W 107th St., #13, Miami, FL 33178 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/5/2027 Sandlot Ventures LLC and Sandbox Ventures LLC ,#, 1857A Elmdale Ave, Glenview, IL 60025 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Fixed 9/25/2040 Select Propane Fuel Inc. and Select Fuel Convenience LLC ,#) 3822 State Route 3, Red Bud, IL 62278 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Fixed 2/10/2030 Shining Star Kids, Inc. dba Brain Balance ,#, 17323 Ventura Blvd, Encino, CA 91316 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/7/2029 Shooter's Gun Club, LLC ,#, 2429 Iowa St. Stes B, C and D, Lawrence, KS 66046 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2030 Sky Way Enterprises, Inc, A-Liner-8-Aviation, Inc, Kissimmee Aviation ,#, 3031 Patrick St, Kissimmee, FL 34741 Air Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/12/2027 Skyways LTD,Jet 60 LLC,Mendean Jonath, Inc,Jet AOG, Inc Jonathan Men ,#, 426 15th St. NW, Huron, SD 57350 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 6/8/2043 Skyways, LTD ,#, 350 15th St. NW, Huron, SD 57350 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2029 Sovereign Communications LLC ,#) 26 E 3 Mile Rd,, Sault Sainte Marie, MI 49783 Broadcasting (except Internet) Term Loan Fixed 2/7/2024 Space Express, LLC ,#, 2775 Burris Rd, Davie, FL 33314 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/12/2029 Specialty Surgery Center, Inc. ,#, 5505 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd Stes 640,645, Atlanta, GA 30342 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Fixed 6/28/2029 SSI Refrigerated Express Inc. and Robert M Stallone ,#, 1001 E. Cooley Dr Ste 102, Colton, CA 92324 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 11/17/2027 SSI Refrigerated Express Inc. and Robert M Stallone dba SSI Express ,#, 1001 E. Cooley Dr Ste 102, Colton, CA 92324 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2027 Stat Constructor L.P ,#, 9573 US Hwy 220, Stoneville, NC 27048 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2028 StillBasi Holdings, Inc. dba Buxton Auto Transport ,#, 9371 Jackson Rd, Sacramento, CA 95826 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 3/29/2029 Suncrest Stone Products LLC ,#) 341 County Farm Rd, Ashburn, GA 31714 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 8/29/2041 Suncrest Stone Products LLC ,#) 341 County Farm Rd, Ashburn, GA 31714 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Fixed 8/29/2026 T and B Boots Inc dba Takken's Shoes ,#) 72 South Main St., Templeton, CA 93465 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Fixed 12/7/2026 Tarver-Henley Inc. and Tar-Hen LLC ,#, 2125 College Ave, Jackson, AL 36545 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Fixed 6/21/2042 
 F-330 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Unguaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (3) (22) 

 The Alba Financial Group, Inc. ,#) 1420 Spring Hill Rd, McLain, VA 22102 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Term Loan Fixed 3/10/2021 The Country House Restaurant, LLC and Pelton Real Estate, LLC ,#, 677 US Route 7, Pittsford, VT 05763 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/30/2042 Victorian Restaurant and Tavern, LLC ,#, 226 Maple Ave, Cheshire, CT 06410 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 2/22/2042 Video Vault Tanning LLC and Mosaic Salon LLC ,#) W7003 Parkview Dr, Ste A B, Greenville, WI 54942 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/4/2040 White Hawk Inc. ,#, 2101 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd, Stockton, CA 95205 Truck Transportation Term Loan Fixed 12/15/2026 Wilban LLC ,#) 454 US Hwy 22, Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 3/11/2026 Wilban LLC ,#) 454 US Hwy 22, Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Fixed 3/28/2039 Zahmel Restaurant Suppliers Corp dba Cash Carry;Zahners Hardware;Zan ,#, 33-51 11th St., Astoria, NY 11106 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Fixed 4/28/2027 Zeeba Company, Inc dba Zeeba Rent-A-Van 5 Star Rent- A-Van ,#, 3200 Wilshire Blvd Ste 1000, Los Angeles, CA 90010 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Fixed 9/27/2028 Total Unguaranteed Non-Accrual SBA Investments Total Unguaranteed SBA Investments 

F-331 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

The Hall at the Yard 1412 Alden Rd, Orlando, FL 32803 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/2/2031 Little Angels Daycare 4551 Summit Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33415 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 10/3/2046 Clean Energyz LLC 881 Alma Real Dr Ste T-16, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2031 Woodzzy LLC 1133 Clarkson Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11212 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/19/2046 Five Rivers 1938 Enterprise Inc. 3032 W Jack London Blvd, Livermore, CA 94551 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2032 Kamboj Investments Inc. dba Chicago's Pizza 1156 South Main St., Manteca, CA 95337 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/29/2031 Crux Solutions, LLC 6938 Westover St., Houston, TX 77087 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 Montauk Donut Group Inc. 1669 Montauk Hwy, Bellport, NY 11713 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/12/2031 THE JAR CIRCLE INC 3545 Merrick Rd, Seaford, NY 11783 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/20/2031 MA Allen LLC dba Premier Martial Arts 380 East Bethany Dr, Allen, TX 75002 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/25/2031 Tiny's Gumbo Bar NYC LLC 275 Church St., New York, NY 10013 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/25/2032 Shrijee LLC 908 Washington St., Manitowoc, WI 54220 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/31/2046 LAOR 7900 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Unit 1, Orlando, FL 32809 Health and Personal Care Stores Term Loan Prime plus 5/26/2047 RGV Poke LLC 5401 North 10 St. Unit 126, McAllen, TX 78504 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/2/2032 Alaska Industrial Paint LLC 1301 North Post Rd, Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 1/8/2032 B W Towing LLC 701 Addison Rd, Painted Post, NY 14870 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/9/2047 Black Market Restaurant Group Inc 29941 Aventura, Ste K, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2032 C.D.A. Serviceability Trust Inc. 4501 6th Ave, Tacoma, WA 98406 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/27/2046 CJ REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC 1800 E Palm Ave, Tampa, FL 33605 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/28/2047 Jafar Jamal Inc. 11 Highland Ave, Malden, MA 02148 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/29/2032 Metro of Livernois 17149 Livernois, Detroit, MI 48221 Telecommunications Term Loan Prime plus 1/29/2047 Mitchell Authentic, Inc. dba Rock Box Fitness 4880 Lower Roswell Rd, Marietta, GA 30068 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/12/2032 
 F-332 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Balanced Health Fitness LLC 5110 Mae Anne Dr, Ste 702, Reno, NV 89521 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 2/19/2032 Kynytyx Inc. 990A Station Rd, Bellport, NY 11713 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 5/22/2032 M P_CAL, LLC 8086 East Santa Canyon Rd, Anaheim, CA 92808 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/22/2032 Kedai Indonesian Caf 110 S Mountain Ave, Upland, CA 91786 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/27/2032 Potato Bros LLC dba Crumbl Cookies 1435 N Wells St., Chicago, IL 60610 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 3/28/2032 INE Incorporated 1040-1100 S. Mt. Vernon Ave, Riverside, CA 92507 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/3/2032 Square One Step LLC 10710 Barker Cypress Rd, Ste B, Cypress, TX 77433 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 4/4/2032 Bofill's Barbeque LLC 15159 South Cicero Ave, Oak Forest, IL 60452 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 2/10/2047 Fyzical Therapy Balance Center 3780 Riverchase Village, Ste 900, Hoover, AL 35244 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/19/2032 Gerland Investments, Inc. 12611 I-10 West, Ste 102, San Antonio, TX 78230 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/22/2032 LR Greenview LLC 2977 Ygnacio Valley Rd, Unit 2977, Pleasant Hill, CA 94523 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 4/24/2032 Hotworxs Studio 13435 University Ave, Clive, IA 50325 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/30/2032 Foster the Community LLC 13451 and 13453 Fishhawk Blvd, Riverview, FL 33569 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/8/2032 Suha Signs LLC 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2032 Suha Promotions LLC 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/9/2032 Suha Restaurants 8211 Byron Center Ave SW, Byron Center, MI 49315 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/9/2032 IV Therapy Management 2 Sears Dr, Paramus, NJ 07652 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/13/2032 Momentum Metal Finishing 1286 Anvilwood Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/13/2047 BGF Bobby Q s Inc 365 W Sunrise Hwy, Freeport, NY 11520 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 10/13/2047 La Taqueria Inc 10 Greenwich Ave, GREENWICH, CT 06830 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2032 Yours II Cosmetology Academy Inc. 1416 W Columbia Ave, Battle Creek, MI 49015 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/21/2047 Alaska Industrial Paint LLC 1301 North Post Rd, Anchorage, AK 99501 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2047 
 F-333 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Colorado Avocado LLC 11590 Ridgeline Dr, Colorado Springs, CO 80921 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2032 3 Generations LLC 2800 Baton Rouge Rd, Williamstown, KY 41097 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2032 Clean Pro 1, LLC 385 Boston Post Rd, Orange, CT 06477 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 5/29/2047 Ride4U 747 N State Rd 7, Plantation, FL 33317 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Northcomm LLC 213 Cascade View Court, East Wenatchee, WA 98802 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Beau HB Inc. dba Beau s Billard, Bowling Arcade 100 Village Rd, Port Lavaca, TX 77979 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 3/16/2029 NJ Floats Inc 327 Route 202/206, Bedminster Township, NJ 07921 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 6/12/2046 Vendall Ventures LLC 25027 South Interstate, WaKeeney, KS 67672 Accommodation Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2046 Maxwell Hendry Simmons LLC 1619 Jackson St., Fort Myers, FL 33901 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2031 Regal Express Corporation 4122 County Rd 516, Matawan, NJ 07747 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 Vidya Technologies LLC 2509 George Mason Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2031 The Handyman Clarksville LLC 2727 Union Hall Rd, Clarksville, TN 37040 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 LDI Energy Services LLC 6519 103 West Ave, Tioga, ND 58852 Support Activities for Mining Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Rana N Hassan MD PC 71 Franklin Ave, Franklin Square, NY 11010 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2031 BYC LaQuinta LLC 78430 CA-111, La Quinta, CA 92253 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2046 Outdoor Equipment Manufacturer LLC 3520 NW 51st St., Miami, FL 33142 Textile Product Mills Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 CNJ Services LLC 5519 Ironhorse Rd, North Chesterfield, VA 23234 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Riaz Son, Inc. 100-15 94th Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11416 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2046 Sk8 House Virginia Beach LLC 600 Lynnhaven Pkwy, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2031 Alaska Demolition LLC 2817 Rampart Dr, Anchorage, AK 99501 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/27/2046 Freedom Construction LLC 2897 E Massengale Rd, Shelbyville, IN 46176 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Shieldcoat Technologies Inc. 308 Ellen Trout Dr, Lufkin, TX 75904 Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2046 
 F-334 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Lotus Care LLC 14000 Sunfish Lake Blvd, NW, MN 55303 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Unique Surveillance LLC 925 South 21st Ave, Hollywood, FL 33020 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 CS Concept Holdings LLC 4350 Canada Rd, :, Lakeland, TN 38002 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/28/2031 Monticello Corporation 600 Preston Ave, Charlottesville, VA 22903 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Beyond The Numbers CPAs Inc. 1004 Lewis Ave, Billings, MT 59102 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Oh Crumb On! 57 East 3rd Ave, Spring Grove, PA 17362 Couriers and Messengers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Altitude Roofing LLC 2909 N Tindle Blvd, Flagstaff, AZ 86004 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 The Dance Affair, Inc. 850 N Winchester Blvd, San Jose, CA 95128 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Belcher's Electric LLC 138 Dorchester St., Greenwood, SC 29646 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Nova Engineering Inc. 4373 Viewridge Ave, Ste A, San Diego, CA 92123 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Lillie Mae's Place, LLC 57 Main St., East Haven, CT 06512 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Bright Horizons Preschool, LLC 275 Enterprise Dr, Valdosta, GA 31601 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Arclight Industries LLC 340 Quail Run Rd,, Venetia, PA 15367 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Champion Volleyball Club of Houston LLC 19418 Pinehurst Trail Dr, Humble, TX 77346 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Eastern Aero Marine, Inc. 5502 NW 37th Ave, Miami, FL 33142 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Hacienda Car Wash Inc. 2400 S Goliad St., Rockwall, TX 75087 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Happy Wheels Charter LLC 4 Old Elm St., Salusbury, MA 01952 Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Kosovar Corporation 355 Smith Ridge Rd, South Salem, NY 10590 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 Pole Dance Carolinas LLC 9826 Gilead Rd, C -200, Hunterville, NC 28078 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Henry J. Fishman 2021 K St. Ste 400 NW, Washington, DC 20006 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 Inspired Education 2 LLC 221 Edinburg Rd, Mercerville, NJ 08619 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 RV Liquidation Center 984 W Shaw Ave, Clovis, CA 93612 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 CPH Milpitas LLC 1806 Milmont Dr, Milpitas, CA 95035 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2031 
 F-335 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 3815 Media Inc. 3201 Peachtree Corners Circle, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/30/2031 Calderon Insurance Agency 5127 Franklin Blvd, #3, Sacramento, CA 95820 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/29/2046 899 Toscanini LLC 899 Main St., Cambridge, MA 02139 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 11/9/2031 Jones Roger Shermann Inn Inc. 195 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, CT 06840 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 6/4/2030 Hackstaff Restaurants 248 W 1st. St. Ste 201, Reno, NV 89501 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 7/15/2029 Matrix Z LLC 800 SW 21st Terrace, Ft Lauderdale, FL 33312 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 2/27/2029 
 Rello Inc. 8063 Jericho Turnpike, Woodbury, NY 11797 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 2Choice2Friends LLC 901 W Braker Lane, Austin, TX 78758 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 4/17/2029 NYM Solutions Inc. 12150 SW 128th St. CT Ste 209, Miami, FL 33186 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 5/6/2029 Clowers Trucking by Faith LLC 705 E Brookwood PL, Valdosta, GA 31601 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 MCM Design LLC 5926 Vinings Vintage Way, Mableton, GA 30126 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/23/2029 Still Photography 195 Terrace Place, Apt. 2, Brooklyn, NY 11218 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/6/2029 Archer Cleaners Inc. 1514 W. 33rd St., Chicago, IL 60608 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/10/2029 Law Office of Paula Padilla PLLC 2211 E Highland Ave Ste 130, Phoenix, AZ 85016 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/13/2029 Campuscuts LLC 930 Robtrice Ct, Edmond, OK 73430 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Port Diesel LLC 3212 Alex Trask Dr, Castle Hayne, NC 28429 Repair and Maintenance Term Loan Prime plus 6/21/2029 Menshka Inc. 88 High St., Mountclair, NJ 07042 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/10/2029 Lawrence Adeyemo Co LLC 209-34 112 Ave, Queens Village, NY 11429 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/19/2029 Gradstreet LLC 2437 Corinth Ave Apt 130, Los Angeles, CA 90064 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 7/30/2029 A S Services LLC 3888 Lightner Rd, Vandalia, OH 45377 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 8/7/2029 Crystal Clear Accounting 34099 Tuscan Creek Way, Temecula, CA 92592 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/26/2029 Doghouse Sport Fishing Charters Inc. 83413 Overseas Hwy, Islamorada, FL 33036 Scenic and Sightseeing Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 
 F-336 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 No Push Back LLC 5405 Neshaminy Blvd, Bensalem, PA 19020 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/30/2029 Host Marketing LLC 206 Bell Lane, Ste B, West Monroe, LA 71291 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/18/2029 Standard Real Estate Services LLC 500 West Silver Spring Dr, Ste K 200,, Glendale, WI 53217 Real Estate Term Loan Prime plus 9/19/2029 Bargain Store 107 Tabernacle Church Rd, Candor, NC 27229 General Merchandise Stores Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 Powerlift Dumbwaiters Inc. 2444 Georgia Slide Rd, Georgetown, CA 95634 Machinery Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2029 Pine Mountain Residential LLC 10240 Cosmopolitan Circle, Parker, CO 80134 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 10/16/2029 James Clark and Company Inc. 8885 Haven Ave, Ste 120, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 10/22/2029 Sean McNamara 5639 Wood Lane, Allentown, PA 18106 Nonstore Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 The Pinnacle Group 105 Springside Dr, Akron, OH 44333 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/14/2029 Standard Capital Corp. 2349 Wessington Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23456 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 12/5/2029 Scott s Hardware Inc 200 Tuckerton Rd, Medford, NJ 08055 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 12/6/2029 HADD Corp 364 Rugby Rd, Cedarhurst, NY 11516 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/17/2029 La Tradicion Cubana Inc. 9357 S.W. 40th St., Miami, FL 33165 Miscellaneous Store Retailers Term Loan Prime plus 12/20/2029 2 N 1 Home and Lawn LLC 1300 Ridenour Blvd, Kennesaw, GA 30152 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/3/2030 All Modes Transportation and Logistics 4313 Collingtree Dr, Rockledge, FL 32955 Support Activities for Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 2/14/2030 Green Farm Inc. 1018 W SR 424 Ste 100, Longwood, FL 32750 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 11/19/2030 Flex Beauty Labs LLC 7512 Dr. Phillip Blvd, Orlando, FL 32819 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Dearly Loved Counseling LLC 14052 N Dale Mabry Hwy, Ste 215, Tampa, FL 33618 Social Assistance Term Loan Prime plus 11/24/2030 Diane's Accounting Service 119 E Haywood St, England, AR 72046 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/3/2030 Combs Creative LLC 157 Antler Ridge Circle,, Nashville, TN 37214 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Travel with Love, LLC 8465 W Sahara Ave, Ste 111, Las Vegas, NV 89117 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 
 F-337 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Jamali LLC 2741 Raceway Fairfield West, Pensacola, FL 32503 Food Services and Drinking Places Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 Donald W. Harris 1625 US-59 N, Linden, TX 75563 Warehousing and Storage Term Loan Prime plus 12/11/2030 David Benson LLC 1422 Euclid Ave, Cleveland, OH 44115 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Savannah Area Language Culture Exchange, LLC 6 Dovetail Crossing, Savannah, GA 31419 Educational Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 Vege Investments, LLC 26400 SW 177th Ave, Homestead, FL 33031 Gasoline Stations Term Loan Prime plus 12/16/2030 ASIL Ventures, LLC 4354 N Bell Ave, Apt G2,, Chicago, IL 60618 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/22/2030 SPECTRUM DYNAMICS, INC 27727 Dalton Bluff Court, Katy, TX 77494 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 KCL Business Service Inc 1042 San Fernando Rd., San Fernando, CA 91340 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Chris' Angels Cleanning Service LLC 2090 Dunwoody Club Dr, Sandy Springs, GA 30350 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Tiki Torch Liquors 101 Dallas St., Talihima, OK 74571 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 12/23/2030 Austen Felder Holdings 23642 Hwy 25, Franklinton, LA 70438 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/18/2031 Diamond Ridge Professionals 8629 Mesquite Circle, Magna, UT 84044 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 1/19/2031 Centre for Autism Treatment 13090 Sundown Rd, Victorville, CA 92392 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/20/2031 Londerpass Inc. 108 N Fiore Pkwy, Vernon Hills, IL 60061 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/21/2031 Andrew s Spotless Cleaning LLC 1604 Marcella Dr, Covington, KY 41011 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Wild Thing Accounting Tax LLC 805 NE 190th Ave, Portland, OR 97230 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Wild Wellness LLC 151 Lake St., Lancaster, OH 43130 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 VIIXVII Sewing Studio LLC 277 E Girard Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19125 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Skypie Studio and Crafts LLC 933 Mary Ave, Opelousas, LA 70570 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/22/2031 Jazma Wise 110 Golden Pine Rd SW, Austell, GA 30168 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 1/28/2031 uniguide Media LLC 105 Pearl St., Sausalito, CA 94965 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/11/2031 Alima Mandiang 242 E. Claremont Rd, Philadelphia, PA 19120 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 2/17/2031 
 F-338 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Benevolent Family Services LLC 522 S Independence Blvd, Ste 201, Virginia Beach, VA 23452 Ambulatory Health Care Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 INB Enterprise LLC 7761 Diamondback Dr, College Park, MD 20742 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 3/15/2031 Blasco Tire 960 Memorial Dr, Griffin, GA 30223 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 3/24/2031 Stephanie Doty 82 Diggins Dr, Folsom, CA 95630 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Lockett Trucking and Transport LLC 612 Colebridge Dr, Blacklick, OH 43004 Truck Transportation Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 RV Solar LLC 3442 E Bulk Lane, Oak Creek, WI 53154 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 4/14/2031 Foy Commerce LLC 1725 Park Lane S, Ste 2,, Jupiter, FL 33458 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/5/2031 JERAGARDENS WEDDING RENTALS LLC 5842 South 1150 West, Ogden, UT 84405 Rental and Leasing Services Term Loan Prime plus 7/20/2031 Basha Home Improvements LLC 41 Van Houten Ave, Jersey City, NJ 07305 Construction of Buildings Term Loan Prime plus 7/21/2031 Tarun LLC DBA signature wine and liquor 325 South Limestone, Lexington, KY 40508 Food and Beverage Stores Term Loan Prime plus 7/23/2031 C4 Technologies Inc 171 C Ave, Ste C, Coronado, CA 92118 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Term Loan Prime plus 8/6/2031 Dennis Hair Studio Inc. 1566 Union Turnpike, New Hyde Park, NY 11040 Personal and Laundry Services Term Loan Prime plus 9/13/2031 Asthma Allergy Medical Care, P.C. 68 Nassau Rd, Huntington, NY 11743 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/4/2022 Kore Surgical Inc 26636 Fond Du Lac Rd, Rancho Palos Verdes, CA 90275 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/5/2022 Dental Designs of Fort Myers, LLC 3220 Forum Blvd, #104, Fort Myers, FL 33905 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/12/2022 Child Welfare League of America Inc. 727 15th St NW, Ste 1200, Washington, DC 20005 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/13/2022 Quality Pool Management 161 Rombout Rd, Poughkeepsie, NY 12603 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/13/2022 CCG Advisors 817 W Peachtree St., Ste 205, Atlanta, GA 30308 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/19/2022 Caveonix 7777 Leesburg Pike, Ste 303 South, Falls Church, VA 22043 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/20/2022 Hamilton Technology Services 14115 West 59th Place, Arvada, CO 80004 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/21/2022 North Carolina Baptist Foundation, Inc. 201 Convention Dr, Cary, NC 27511 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/21/2022 
 F-339 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Carrie Risatti 307 Montana Ave, #201, Santa Monica, CA 90403 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/21/2022 Easy Content Media LLC 706 Van Nest Dr, Martinsville, NJ 08836 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/26/2022 Jennie Kwon Designs 643 S Olive St, Los Angeles, CA 90014 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/26/2022 Scalini's, Inc. 14485 Hopewell Rd, Alpharetta, GA 30004 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/27/2022 Sports Academy Integrated Sports Medicine, LLC 1011 Rancho Conejo Blvd, Newbury Park, CA 91320 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/27/2022 Frenchy's 1460 3rd St S, Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/28/2022 Yoga Connection of Pembroke Pines, Inc 12592 Pines Blvd, #103, Pembroke Pines, FL 33027 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/28/2022 Shalik, Morris Company, LLC 80 Crossways Park Dr W, Woodbury, NY 11797 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/29/2022 Hawk Management LLC 2305 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy, #2024, Henderson, NV 89052 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/29/2022 Special Events Staffing 1015 N Lake Ave, Ste 205, Pasadena, CA 91104 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/1/2022 The On The Line Company, Inc 101 Arch St, Ste 225, Boston, MA 02110 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/1/2022 Zola Electric Labs, Inc. 555 De Haro St, San Francisco, CA 94107 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/2/2022 Wavecrest Sales LLC 501 NE Wavecrest Way, Boca Raton, FL 33432 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/2/2022 Flynn Gallagher Associates LLC 1980 Festival Plaza Dr, Ste 770, Las Vegas, NV 89135 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/2/2022 Princeton Van Service 92 north main St. bldg 4, WINDSOR, NJ 08561 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/3/2022 Apache Behavioral Health Services, Inc. 249 W Ponderosa St, Whiteriver, AZ 85941 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/3/2022 Unity Worldwide Ministries Eastern Region 800 Blanton Ave, Richmond, VA 23221 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/4/2022 Amanda Lopez 23411 aliso viejo Pkwy, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/4/2022 YMCA of West San Gabriel Valley 401 East Corto St., Alhambra, CA 91801 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/5/2022 Seattle Ventures LLC 2215 3rd Ave W, Seattle, WA 98119 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/5/2022 Andrew S. Gaffney Foundation 245 South St, Morristown, NJ 07960 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/5/2022 LaFlower Construction, Inc. 23888 Madison St, Torrance, CA 90505 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/5/2022 
 F-340 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments (4a) 

 Camfed U.S.A. Foundation 466 Geary St, Ste 400, San Francisco, CA 94102 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/8/2022 Dental Designs of Naples 5048 Tamiami Trail N, Naples, FL 34103 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/9/2022 OCC installations 12102 Manley St, Garden Grove, CA 92845 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/9/2022 Mora Investment Management 9 W Star Island Dr, Miami Beach, FL 33139 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/10/2022 Copperfield Investment Development Company 1721 Crystal Ann Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89106 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/12/2022 Dan Counts Associates, Inc. 1780 Prescott Ave, Monterey, CA 93940 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/12/2022 Sunburst Decorative Rock, Inc 282 Live Oak Ave, Irwindale, CA 91706 PPP Term Loan Fixed 6/16/2022 DANIELLE|TATE 347 Bianco Ridge Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89183 PPP Term Loan Fixed 3/31/2026 David|Ortiz 4004 Waterview Cir, Palm Springs, FL 33461 PPP Term Loan Fixed 4/26/2026 Montalban Featherstone 13513 7 Mile Rd, Detroit, MI 48205 PPP Term Loan Fixed 5/24/2026 Total SBA Guaranteed Accrual Investments 

F-341 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SBA Guaranteed Non-Accrual Investments (4b) 

 This is a Fly Closet LLC ) 12408 Kingsview St., Bowie, MD 20721 Clothing and Clothing Accessories Stores Term Loan Prime plus 1/30/2030 MIT LLC ) 11 North Peach ST., Medford, OR 97504 Publishing Industries (except Internet) Term Loan Prime plus 3/31/2042 Neville Galvanizing, Inc ) 2983 Grand Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15225 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Term Loan Prime plus 12/15/2042 Chavero's Auto Mart LLC ) 1364 E Palma Vista Dr, Palmview, TX 78572 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan Prime plus 10/11/2029 Crystal Cleaning Service ) 26 Cooper Rd, Byhalia, MS 38611 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Prime plus 5/9/2029 R. JOHNSON CRAFTSMANSHIP ) 346 Spring Garden Rd, Milford, NJ 08848 Specialty Trade Contractors Term Loan Prime plus 12/4/2030 Moon Group, Inc. ) 145 Moon Rd, Chesapeake City, MD 21915 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan Prime plus 6/27/2029 Total SBA Guaranteed Non-Accrual Investments Total SBA Guaranteed Investments Total SBA Unguaranteed and Guaranteed Investments 
 F-342 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Ownership or Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Controlled Investments (5) (22) 

 Automated Merchant Services, Inc. ,#) (7) (21) 12230 Forest Hill Blvd., Wellington, FL 33414 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Common Stock Fixed CDS Business Services, Inc. ,#) (8) 1985 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Common Stock Fixed Line of Credit Fixed Dec 2023 Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. (#) (24) 1904 W. Parkside Lane Phoenix, AZ 85027 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Common Stock Fixed Line of Credit Fixed Nov 2028 Line of Credit Prime plus April 2022 Line of Credit Prime plus July 2022 Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC ,#) (13) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Insurance Carriers and Related Activities Membership Interest Own PMTWorks Payroll, LLC ,#) (9) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own Term Loan Fixed Sept 2022 Term Loan Fixed May 2022 Term Loan Fixed May 2022 Term Loan Fixed July 2022 Small Business Lending, LLC ,#) (12) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Term Loan Fixed June 2023 ADR Partners, LLC dba banc-serv Partners, LLC ,#) (19) 8777 Purdue Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46268 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC (#) (11) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own Mobil Money, LLC (#) (17) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Membership Interest Own Newtek Business Lending, LLC (#) (10) 14 East Washington St., Orlando, FL 32801 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC (#) (18) (23) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Titanium Asset Management, LLC ,#) (14) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Administrative and Support Services Term Loan Fixed March 2023 
 F-343 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Ownership or Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Controlled Investments (5) (22) 

 Membership Interest Own Excel WebSolutions, LLC ,#) (15) 888 East Brighton Ave. Syracuse, NY 13205 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Fixed June 2023 Membership Interest Own POS on Cloud, LLC (#) (20) 1981 Marcus Ave., Lake Success, NY 11042 Data processing, Hosting, and Related Services Term Loan Fixed Sept 2023 Membership Interest Own Total Controlled Investments 
 F-344 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEK BUSINESS SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 
 Portfolio Company Tickmarks Company Address Industry Type of Investment Ownership or Interest Rate (2) Maturity Principal Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Non-Control Investments (22) 

 EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC (+,#) (16) 1140 Reservoir Ave., Cranston, RI 02920 Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Membership Interest Own Total Non-Control Investments Total Investments 

# 
 + 
 (1) 
 (2) and 1 month LIBOR equal to , with the exception of PPP loans. The SBA reimburses the Company for originating PPP loans and such SBA reimbursements are included as interest income on PPP loans. The 1 interest rate shown for PPP loans is the rate that would be in effect if the PPP loans were not forgiven by the SBA. See NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES. 
 (3) 
 (4a) 
 (4b) 
 (5) 
 (6) owned by Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.), owned by non-affiliate. The term loan was past its original maturity date, was in default and the entity ceased operating. As such, the fair value of the investment is zero. On July 16, 2021, a certificate of dissolution was filed. 
 (7) owned by Wilshire Partners, LLC (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.), owned by Newtek Business Services Corp. 
 F-345 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(8) owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.) and owned by Wilshire Holdings 1, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (9) owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC, (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.), owned by Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.), and owned by Exponential Business Development Co., Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (10) owned by Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (11) owned by NBSH Holdings, LLC (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc., a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (12) owned by Newtek LSP Holdco, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. and Newtek Business Services Holdco 5, Inc., both subsidiaries of Newtek Business Services Corp.). SBL provides third-party loan servicing for SBA and non-SBA loans, and provides lending institutions with outsourced solutions for the entire SBA lending process, including credit analysis, structuring and eligibility, packaging, closing compliance and servicing. In addition, SBL provides loan and servicing solutions to other parts of the Company s business finance platform. 
 (13) owned by Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (14) owned by Exponential Business Development Co., Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.), owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.) and owned by Wilshire New York Advisers II, LLC (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (15) owned by The Whitestone Group, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc., a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.) 
 (16) owned by Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). The initial acquisition date for EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC was April 25, 2018. 
 (17) owned by Newtek Business Services Holdco 4, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (18) owned by Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.) and owned by Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC (a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (NASDAQ:TCPC)). Deemed an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 (19) owned by Newtek LSP Holdco, LLC (a subsidiary of Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. and Newtek Business Services Holdco 5, Inc., both subsidiaries of Newtek Business Services Corp.). 
 (20) owned by Newtek Business Services Holdco 3, Inc. (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.) and owned by multiple non-affiliates. 
 (21) 
 (22) 
 F-346 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(23) of total assets are non-qualifying assets. 
 (24) owned by NBSH Holdings, LLC (a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc., a subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp.). International Professional Marketing, Inc. IPM and Sidco, LLC d/b/a Cloud Nine Services SIDCO were wholly-owned portfolio companies which consult, strategize, design, and implement technology solutions for enterprise and commercial clients across the U.S. On January 1, 2021, the Company contributed its ownership of IPM and SIDCO to NTS, and IPM and SIDCO became subsidiaries of NTS. In July 2021, IPM merged with and into NTS, with NTS as the surviving entity. The Schedule of Investments shows SIDCO under NTS. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the federal tax cost of investments was million resulting in estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-347 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association and has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, the Company contributed to Newtek Bank million of cash and two of the Company s subsidiaries, NBL and SBL. Upon the consummation of the Acquisition, Newtek Bank entered into an operating agreement with the OCC concerning certain matters including capital, liquidity and concentration limits, and memorializing the business plan submitted to the OCC. 
 
 The Company also filed with the SEC a Form N-54C, Notification of Withdrawal of Election to be Subject to the 1940 Act, and has ceased to be a BDC as of January 6, 2023. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company is now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. The Company no longer qualifies as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualifies for accounting treatment as an investment company. As a result, as of January 6, 2023, in addition to Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, NBL and SBL, the following NewtekOne portfolio companies and subsidiaries are consolidated non-bank subsidiaries in the Company s financial statements: NSBF; NMS; Mobil Money; NBC; PMT; NIA; TAM; Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc; NCL.; EWS; NTS and POS. In addition, as a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by EWS and NTS, including its subsidiary SIDCO, within two years of becoming a financial holding company, subject to any extension of the two-year period. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Company changed its name from Newtek Business Services Corp. to NewtekOne, Inc. 
 
 Except as otherwise noted, all financial information included in the tables in the following footnotes is stated in thousands, except per share data. 

F-348 

Table of Contents 

 See further description of fair value methodology in NOTE 6 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS. 

million. The Company has not experienced any losses with respect to cash balances in excess of insured amounts and management does not believe there was a significant concentration of risk with respect to cash balances as of December 31, 2022. 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total restricted cash was million. 

Restricted cash Cash and restricted cash 

F-349 

Table of Contents 

F-350 

Table of Contents 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are recorded as deferred tax liabilities on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. The change in deferred tax liabilities is included as a component of net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, through open market purchases, including block purchases, in such manner as will comply with the provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s repurchase program terminated on December 21, 2022. The Company has not repurchased any common shares under the repurchase program during the years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-351 

Table of Contents 

F-352 

Table of Contents 

F-353 

Table of Contents 

 Non-control investments: Equity Controlled investments: Equity Equity interest in joint ventures Debt Total investments 
 
 SBA unguaranteed investments consisted of the following breakdown of accrual and non-accrual loans at: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value Accrual Non-Accrual Total SBA unguaranteed investments 
 
 SBA guaranteed investments consisted of the following breakdown of accrual and non-accrual loans at: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value Accrual Non-Accrual Total SBA guaranteed investments 
 
 Beginning in March 2020, as a result of the uncertain economic impact to U.S. small businesses at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s Executive Committee and Lending Team temporarily shifted the focus of NSBF from originating SBA 7(a) loans to originating PPP loans. During the duration of the PPP through the end of July 2021, NSBF funded approximately PPP loans totaling billion. Beginning in July 2021, NSBF redeployed resources to funding SBA 7(a) loans. 
 
 To facilitate NSBF s involvement as an authorized lender in the PPP, during the second quarter of 2020, NSBF entered into PPP loan participation agreements where NSBF originated PPP loans and sold participating interests to several participants. One participant continues to hold a participation interest in 1 of the 2 PPP loans that remain as of December 31, 2022. NSBF continues to hold the PPP loan notes and the PPP loan documents for PPP loans yet to be forgiven by the SBA, in order to service the loans and facilitate the PPP loan forgiveness process. NSBF has agreed that it will repurchase the participant s percentage of the outstanding principal and interest under certain circumstances, including any failure to recover under the SBA guarantee as a result of any deficiency in documenting or servicing such PPP Loan by NSBF. The servicing liability in connection with the PPP loans was deemed immaterial. PPP loan origination fees was recognized as interest income on sale of PPP loan participations. Income earned in connection with the PPP should not be viewed as recurring. NSBF funded the balance of its PPP loans by the end of July 2021. NSBF has redeployed resources to funding SBA 7(a) loans. 
 
 F-354 

Table of Contents 

 PPP Accrual SBA guaranteed investments 
 
 The following table shows the Company s portfolio investments by industry at: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services Securities, Commodity Contracts, and Other Financial Investments and Related Activities Food Services and Drinking Places Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Specialty Trade Contractors Ambulatory Health Care Services Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Administrative and Support Services Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Truck Transportation Repair and Maintenance Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Personal and Laundry Services Construction of Buildings Accommodation Social Assistance Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Food Manufacturing Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Support Activities for Mining Rental and Leasing Services Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Joint Ventures Other Total 
 
 F-355 

Table of Contents 

 / joint venture between Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek, and Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC, a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (Nasdaq:TCPC). NCL ceased funding new non-conventional conforming loans during 2020. On January 28, 2022, NCL closed a conventional commercial loan securitization with the sale of million of Class A Notes, NCL Business Loan Trust 2022-1, Business Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2022-1, secured by a segregated asset pool consisting primarily of NCL s portfolio of conventional commercial business loans, including loans secured by liens on commercial or residential mortgaged properties, originated by NCL and NBL. The Notes were rated A (sf) by DBRS Morningstar. The Notes were priced at a yield of . The proceeds of the securitization were used, in part, to repay the Deutsche Bank credit facility and return capital to the NCL partners. 
 
 4/1/2045 10 28th Ave SW Associates LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 4/1/2045 Cocoa Beach Office LLC Other Activities Related to Credit Intermediation Term Loan 2 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2044 Foxhall Hospitality, LLC Hotels (except Casino Hotels) and Motels Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 11/1/2044 Foxhall Hospitality, LLC Hotels (except Casino Hotels) and Motels Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 11/1/2044 The Camera Division, LLC Commercial Industrial Machinery Equipment Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 9/1/2029 The Emerald Green Group, LLC Full-Service Restaurant Term Loan 2 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2029 XL Soccer World Orlando II LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2045 XL Sports World NJ LLC and XL Soccer World Orlando LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2044 XL Sports World NJ LLC and XL Soccer World Orlando LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2044 Tricare Unlimited LLC and Geron Enterprises LLC Nursing Care Facilities(Skilled Nursing Facilities) Term Loan 2 Yr Treasury plus 1/1/2045 E Entities LLC Exterminating Pest Control Services Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 1/1/2030 Trinity MCC Realty, LLC Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 2/1/2045 Jaffe Real Estate LLC Full-Service Restaurant Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 4/1/2045 ARC Metal Stamping, LLC Industrial Mold Manufacturing Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 1/1/2045 McNeill Properties V, LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 9/1/2046 Total 
 (1) Fair value determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 F-356 

Table of Contents 

 4/1/2045 10 28th Ave SW Associates LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 4/1/2045 Cocoa Beach Office LLC Other Activities Related to Credit Intermediation Term Loan 2 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2044 Foxhall Hospitality, LLC Hotels (except Casino Hotels) and Motels Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 11/1/2044 Foxhall Hospitality, LLC Hotels (except Casino Hotels) and Motels Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 11/1/2044 The Camera Division, LLC Commercial Industrial Machinery Equipment Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 9/1/2029 The Emerald Green Group, LLC Full-Service Restaurant Term Loan 2 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2029 XL Soccer World Orlando II LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan Prime plus 11/1/2045 XL Sports World NJ LLC and XL Soccer World Orlando LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2044 XL Sports World NJ LLC and XL Soccer World Orlando LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Libor plus 8/1/2044 Tricare Unlimited LLC and Geron Enterprises LLC Nursing Care Facilities(Skilled Nursing Facilities) Term Loan 2 Yr Treasury plus 1/1/2045 E Entities LLC Exterminating Pest Control Services Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 1/1/2030 Trinity MCC Realty, LLC Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 2/1/2045 Jaffe Real Estate LLC Full-Service Restaurant Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 4/1/2045 Berry Ventures Inc Painting Wall Covering Contractors Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 4/1/2045 ARC Metal Stamping, LLC Industrial Mold Manufacturing Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 1/1/2045 McNeill Properties V, LLC Fitness and Recreational Sport Centers Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 9/1/2046 Total 
 (1) Fair value determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 F-357 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Investments in loans, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets Bank notes payable Securitization notes payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets Total liabilities and net assets 
 Selected Statements of Operations Information Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Interest and other income Total expenses Net investment income Unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations ) 

1/1/2032 Paradox Museum USA LLC Museums, Historical Sites, and Similar Institutions Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 5/1/2033 Royal Wholesale Food Inc Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 7/1/2047 Leecount LLC Administrative and Support Services Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 9/1/2032 Aerosphere Holding Company, LLC Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 9/1/2047 MountChor Holdings Inc Administrative and Support Services Term Loan 5 Yr Treasury plus 10/1/2047 Total 
 (1) Fair value determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 F-358 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Investments in loans, at fair value (amortized cost of 
 Other assets Total assets Bank notes payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets Total net assets 
 Selected Statements of Operations Information Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Unaudited) Interest and other income Total expenses Net investment loss ) Unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations ) 

F-359 

Table of Contents 

 ) Automated Merchant Services, LLC Mobil Money, LLC Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. ) ) banc-serv Partners, LLC CDS Business Services, Inc. ) ) Small Business Lending, LLC ) Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC PMTWorks Payroll, LLC ) Titanium Asset Management LLC ) ) POS on Cloud, LLC Excel WebSolutions, LLC ) ) Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC ) ) Newtek TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP Newtek Business Lending, LLC ) Total Controlled Investments ) Non-Control Investments EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC Biller Genie Software, LLC Total Non-Control Investments Total Affiliate Investments ) 
 F-360 

Table of Contents 

Mobil Money, LLC Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. (NTS) 1 
 ) banc-serv Partners, LLC ) CDS Business Services, Inc. ) Small Business Lending, LLC ) Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC ) PMTWorks Payroll, LLC ) Titanium Asset Management LLC ) POS on Cloud, LLC Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC Advanced Cyber Security Systems, LLC ) Newtek Business Lending, LLC ) Total Controlled Investments ) ) Non-Control Investments EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC Total Affiliate Investments ) ) 
 (1) On January 1, 2021, the Company contributed its ownership of IPM and SIDCO to NTS, and IPM and SIDCO became subsidiaries of NTS. In July 2021, IPM merged with and into NTS, with NTS as the surviving entity. The above table reflects the combined fair values, unrealized appreciation and amount of dividends credited to income. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 Notes Payable - Related Parties 
 
 In June 2015, the Company entered into the Related Party RLOC with certain controlled portfolio companies. Maximum borrowings under the Related Party RLOC are million. The outstanding balance has an interest rate equal to the lesser of 1 month LIBOR plus or the Prime Rate plus . At December 31, 2022, the Related Party RLOC interest rate was . The Related Party RLOC has a maturity date of November 8, 2023. There was million and million in outstanding borrowings from NMS at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under the Related Party RLOC. 

million, million and million, respectively. 

F-361 

Table of Contents 

 Origination and loan processing Loan servicing Payroll processing fees Total 
 
 The Company also sub-leases portions of its office space in Lake Success, New York to certain portfolio companies. Amounts charged were as follows: 
 Year Ended Portfolio Company December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. Small Business Lending, LLC Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC CDS Business Services, Inc. PMTWorks Payroll, LLC Newtek Business Lending, LLC Total 
 
 Amounts due from related parties were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Amounts due to related parties were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Managerial Assistance Fees from Controlled Investments 
 
 As a BDC, the Company offered managerial assistance to all portfolio companies and provided managerial assistance to certain controlled portfolio companies for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Fees were recorded on a quarterly basis, were recurring in nature, and were charged consistently based on estimates of time and effort spent by certain employees providing managerial services. 
 
 Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. (NTS) 1 
 PMTWorks Payroll, LLC Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC POS on Cloud, LLC CDS Business Services, Inc. International Professional Marketing, Inc. (IPM) 1 
 SIDCO, LLC 1 
 Mobil Money, LLC Newtek Business Lending, LLC Small Business Lending, LLC Total 
 
 (1) On January 1, 2021, IPM and SIDCO became subsidiaries of NTS. In July 2021, IPM merged with and into NTS, with NTS as the surviving entity. Managerial assistance fees for 2021 for IPM and SIDCO are included within NTS. Managerial assistance fees for 2022 for SIDCO are included within NTS. 
 F-362 

Table of Contents 

 interest income on non-control investments attributable to interest on the loan. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company earned million, and million respectively in interest income on non-control investments attributable to interest on the loan. 
 Other Transactions with Related Parties 
 The nephew of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company is employed by one of the Company s controlled portfolio companies and earned annual compensation in excess of during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Discount factor 1 
 Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate December 31, 2021 Discount factor 1 
 Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate 
 (1) Determined based on risk spreads and observable secondary market transactions. 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 

F-363 

Table of Contents 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may have fallen into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset or a liability s categorization within the fair value hierarchy was based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety required judgment, and considered factors specific to the asset or liability. The Company assessed the levels of assets and liabilities at each measurement date. There were no transfers to or from Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Level 1 investments were valued using quoted market prices. Level 2 investments were valued using market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. 
 
 For certain investments, the Company generally calculated the fair value of the investment primarily based on the net asset NAV of the entity and adjusted the fair value for other factors that would affect the fair value of the investment. The Company used this valuation approach for its investment in NCL and Newtek-TSO JV. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that did not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be received or settled. Further, such investments were generally subject to legal and other restrictions or otherwise were less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, the Company may have realized significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded. 
 
 The Company s investments were subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments were traded. In addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, recent changes in inflation and base interest rates, supply chain disruptions, significant market volatility, risk of recession, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and general uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, United Kingdom, the European Union and China could have further negatively impacted the fair value of the Company s investments after December 31, 2022, in addition to other circumstances and events that are not yet known. 
 
 In December 2020, Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. The Company complied with all applicable components of Rule 2a-5 by the compliance date in September 2022 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-364 

Table of Contents 

 SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments Controlled investments Other real estate owned 1 
 Non-control investments Servicing assets Controlled investments measured at NAV 2 
 Total assets 
 (1) Included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 (2) The Company s investment in NCL is measured at fair value using NAV and has not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 The change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in the consolidated statements of operations attributable to Level 3 investments held at December 31, 2022 included million in unrealized depreciation on SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments, million in unrealized appreciation on controlled investments and million in unrealized depreciation on servicing assets. 
 SBA guaranteed non-affiliate investments Controlled investments Other real estate owned 1 
 Non-control investments Servicing assets Controlled investments measured at NAV 2 
 Total assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments 3 
 
 (1) Included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 (2) The Company s investment in NCL was measured at fair value using NAV and has not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 (3) Measured at fair value on a recurring basis with the net unrealized gains or losses recorded in current period earnings. 
 
 The change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in the consolidated statements of operations attributable to Level 3 investments held at December 31, 2021 included million in unrealized depreciation on SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments, million in unrealized depreciation on controlled investments and million in unrealized depreciation on servicing assets. 
 F-365 

Table of Contents 

 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) ) Change in net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions ) Change in net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets due to factors other than changes in valuation inputs or assumptions ) Realized loss ) ) SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments, funded Foreclosed real estate acquired ) Purchase of investments Sale of investment ) Return of investment ) Principal payments received on debt investments ) ) Additions to servicing assets Fair value, December 31, 2022 
 (1) Included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 SBA Unguaranteed Investments Controlled Investments Servicing Assets Non-Control Investments Other Real Estate Owned 1 
 Fair value, December 31, 2020 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) Change in net unrealized appreciation on servicing assets due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions ) Change in net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets due to factors other than changes in valuation inputs or adjustments ) Realized loss ) ) ) SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments, funded Foreclosed real estate acquired ) Purchase of investments Purchase of loans from SBA Sale of investment ) ) Return of investment ) Principal payments received on debt investments ) ) ) Additions to servicing assets Fair value, December 31, 2021 
 (1) Included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

F-366 

Table of Contents 

 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments - non-accrual loans Market yields Average cumulative default rate Controlled equity investments 1 
 EBITDA multiples-TTM 2 
 x x x EBITDA multiples-NTM 2 
 x x x Revenue multiples 2 
 x x x Book value multiples 2 
 x x x Weighted average cost of capital 2 
 Controlled debt investments Market yields Non-control equity investments Market yields Recent transaction N/A N/A N/A Servicing assets Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Other real estate owned Appraised value N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) Weighted by relative fair value. 
 (2) The Company valued million of equity investments using a combination of EBITDA, both trailing twelve months TTM and next twelve months NTM ), revenue, book value, and earnings multiples in the overall valuation approach, which included the use of market comparable companies. The Company valued million of investments using only discounted cash flows. 
 
 Fair Value as of Weighted Range December 31, 2021 Unobservable Input Average 1 
 Minimum Maximum Assets: SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments - accrual loans Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate SBA unguaranteed non-affiliate investments - non-accrual loans Market yields Average cumulative default rate Controlled equity investments 1 
 EBITDA multiples-TTM 2 
 x x x EBITDA multiples-NTM 2 
 x x x Revenue multiples 2 
 x x x Weighted average cost of capital 2 
 Controlled debt investments Market yields Non-control equity investments Market yields Servicing assets Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Other real estate owned Appraised value N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) Weighted by relative fair value. 
 (2) The Company valued million of equity investments using a combination of EBITDA, both training twelve months TTM and next twelve months NTM ), and revenue multiples in the overall valuation approach, which included the use of market comparable companies. The Company valued million of investments using only discounted cash flows. 
 F-367 

Table of Contents 

Accrued payroll and related expenses Accrued interest Loan processing, servicing and other loan related expenses Other Total accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Capital One line of credit - unguaranteed 1 
 2024 Notes 2025 Notes 2 
 2025 Notes 2 
 2026 Notes Notes payable - related parties Notes payable - Securitization Trusts Total 
 (1) Total combined commitments of the guaranteed and unguaranteed lines of credit were million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (2) On March 31, 2022, the Company completed a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended of million aggregate principal amount of its 2025 Notes to a single purchaser and caused notices to be issued to the holder of its 2025 Notes regarding the Company s exercise of its option to redeem all million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes on May 2, 2022. The Company also issued an addition million in aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes to the purchaser on May 2, 2022. 
 
 On July 26, 2018, our shareholders approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirement as set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, our minimum required asset coverage ratio decreased from to , effective July 27, 2018. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage was . 
 
 Notes 
 2026 Notes Notes Payable- Securitization Trusts 2024 Notes 2025 Notes 
 2026 Notes Notes Payable- Securitization Trusts Principal balance Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 F-368 

Table of Contents 

 per note, or million. On December 31, 2021, the closing price of the 2026 Notes was per note, or million. On December 31, 2022, the closing price of the 2024 Notes was per note, or million. On December 31, 2021, the closing price of the 2024 Notes was per note, or million. These borrowings are not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The fixed rate 2025 Notes are held at par as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Capital One Facilities 
 
 In May 2017, NSBF amended its Capital One facility to increase the facility from million to million and reduce the interest rate. The facility was amended again in June 2018 and the portion of the facility, collateralized by the government guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans, was reduced to Prime minus (previously Prime minus ). The interest rate on the portion of the facility, collateralized by the non-guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans, was reduced to Prime plus (previously Prime plus ). The facility provides for a advance rate on the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originates, and a advance rate on the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originates. In addition, the amendment extended the date on which the facility will convert to a term loan from May 16, 2017 to May 11, 2020 and extended the maturity date of the facility to May 11, 2022. In June 2019, the facility was increased from million to million. In May 2020, the facility was amended to extend both the maturity date and date on which the facility will convert to a term loan by a period of three years. On May 7, 2020, NSBF amended its existing line of credit with Capital One to, among other things, extend the maturity date on which the credit facility will convert into a term loan for a period of three years to May 7, 2023, with the term loan maturing on May 7, 2025. On February 28, 2023, NSBF entered into a Limited Waiver Agreement with the lenders under the Capital One facility pursuant to which the lenders waived the event of default under the facility relating to NSBF s net income for the quarter ended on December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million and million outstanding under the guaranteed and unguaranteed lines of credit, respectively. At December 31, 2022, NSBF was in full compliance with all applicable loan covenants. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense including amortization of related deferred financing costs was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 In January 2021, the Company closed a public offering of million aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026, including million in aggregate principal amount sold pursuant to a fully-exercised overallotment option. The sale of the 2026 Notes generated proceeds of approximately million, net of underwriter's fees and expenses. The 2026 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after February 1, 2022. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2021, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTZ. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense including amortization of related deferred financing costs was million and million, respectively. interest expense was incurred during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 2025 Notes 
 
 On November 27, 2020, the Company closed an exempt offering of million in aggregate principal amount of its 2025 Notes. The offering was consummated pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement dated November 27, 2020 among the Company and an accredited investor. The purchase agreement provided for the 2025 Notes to be issued to the Purchaser in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The 2025 Notes were scheduled to mature on November 30, 2025 and could be redeemed in whole or in part at any time. The 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable quarterly on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30, of each year, beginning February 28, 2021. Total net proceeds received after deducting structuring fees and 
 F-369 

Table of Contents 

 million. The Company exercised its option to issue up to million of additional 2025 Notes to the purchaser, and issued million in additional 2025 Notes to the purchaser in an exempt offering in January 2021. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company caused notices to be issued to the holder of its 2025 Notes regarding the Company s exercise of its option to redeem all million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes on May 2, 2022. The Notes were redeemed on May 2, 2022 100 of their principal amount per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from February 28, 2022 through, but excluding, May 2, 2022. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense including amortization of related deferred financing costs was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 On January 23, 2023 we completed an exempt offering of million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2025. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately million, after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Refer to NOTE 20 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS. 
 
 2024 Notes 
 
 On July 25, 2019, the Company closed a public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at Newtek s option on or after August 1, 2021. The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable quarterly on August 1, November 1, February 1 and May 1, of each year, beginning November 1, 2019. Total net proceeds received after deducting underwriters discount and expenses was million. The 2024 Notes are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTL and were rated A- by Egan-Jones. A portion of the proceeds were used to redeem the outstanding 2022 Notes. In August 2019, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes resulting in an additional million in net proceeds. As a result of the redemption of the 2022 Notes, the Company recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2019, equivalent to the balance of unamortized deferred financing costs as of the redemption date. 
 
 On February 16, 2021 and May 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional million and million in aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes, respectively. The new 2024 Notes are treated as a single series with the prior 2024 Notes and have the same terms as the prior 2024 Notes. The existing 2024 Notes have the same CUSIP number and are fungible and rank equally with the prior 2024 Notes. 
 
 On December 29, 2021, the Company redeemed million in aggregate principal amount of the million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes on the redemption date of December 29, 2021 at 100 of their principal amount per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from November 1, 2021, through, but excluding, the redemption date. As a result of the partial redemption of the 2024 Notes, the Company recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021, equivalent to the redeemed portion of the remaining balance of unamortized deferred financing costs as of the redemption date. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 interest expense including amortization of related deferred financing costs was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 2023 Notes 
 
 On February 21, 2018, the Company closed a public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of its 2023 Notes. In February 2018, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes. Total net proceeds received after deducting underwriters discount and expenses was million. The 2023 Notes were listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTI. A portion of the proceeds were used to redeem the outstanding 2021 Notes. The 2023 Notes were scheduled to mature on March 1, 2023 and could be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at Newtek s option on or after March 1, 2020. The 2023 Notes bore interest at a rate of per year payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, of each year, beginning June 1, 2018. 
 
 F-370 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes on the redemption date of February 22, 2021, at 100 of their principal amount per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from December 1, 2020, through, but excluding, the redemption date. As a result of the redemption of the 2023 Notes, the Company recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021, equivalent to the balance of unamortized deferred financing costs as of the redemption date. 
 
 interest expense was incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 interest expense including amortization of related deferred financing costs was million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts 
 
 Since 2010, NSBF has engaged in securitizations of the unguaranteed portions of its SBA 7(a) loans. In the securitization, it uses a special purpose entity (the Trust which is considered a variable interest entity. Applying the consolidation requirements for VIEs under the accounting rules in ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing, and ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, which became effective January 1, 2010, the Company determined that as the primary beneficiary of the securitization vehicle, based on its power to direct activities through its role as servicer for the Trust and its obligation to absorb losses and right to receive benefits, it needed to consolidate the Trusts. NSBF therefore consolidated the entity using the carrying amounts of the Trust s assets and liabilities. NSBF reflects the assets in SBA Unguaranteed Non-Affiliate Investments and reflects the associated financing in Notes Payable - Securitization trusts on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 In November 2016, NSBF completed its seventh securitization which resulted in the transfer of million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2016-1 Trust. The 2016-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of million, consisting of million Class A notes and million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB+ rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2042. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at a rate of 1 month LIBOR plus and , respectively. In December 2021, the 2016-1 Trust was terminated as a result of NSBF purchasing the 2016-1 Trust assets, with the 2016-1 Trust s noteholders receiving the redemption price. 
 
 In December 2017, NSBF completed its eighth securitization which resulted in the transfer of million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2017-1 Trust. The 2017-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of million, consisting of million Class A notes and million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2043. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at a rate of 1 month LIBOR plus and , respectively. 
 
 In November 2018, NSBF completed its ninth securitization which resulted in the transfer of million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2018-1 Trust. The 2018-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of million, consisting of million Class A notes and million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2044. 
 
 In October 2019, NSBF completed its tenth securitization which resulted in the transfer of million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2019-1 Trust, The 2019-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of million, consisting of million of Class A notes and million Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is December 2044. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus across both classes. 
 
 In December 2021, NSBF completed its eleventh securitization which resulted in the transfer of million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2021-1 Trust, The 2021-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of million, consisting of million of Class A notes and million Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is December 2044. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus across both classes. 
 
 F-371 

Table of Contents 

 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2022-1 Trust. The 2022-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of million, consisting of million of Class A notes and million Class B notes, against the 2022-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A- and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is October 2049. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of 30-day average compounded SOFR plus across both classes. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense including amortization of related deferred financing costs and discount was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets of the consolidated Trusts totaled million and million, respectively. The liabilities of the consolidated Trusts totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note Payable - Related Parties 
 
 In June 2015, the Company entered into the Related Party RLOC. Maximum borrowings under the Related Party RLOC are million. The outstanding balance had an interest rate equal to 1 month LIBOR (with a floor of plus or a rate equal to the greater of the Prime Rate or plus . In November 2018, the Related Party RLOC was amended to reduce the interest rate to the lesser of 1 month LIBOR plus or the Prime Rate plus . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Related Party RLOC interest rate was . The Related Party RLOC has a maturity date of November 8, 2023. Outstanding borrowings from NMS at December 31, 2022 and 2021 under the Related Party RLOC were million and million, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense was million, million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

(1) Shown as derivative instruments, at fair value, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F-372 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 
 Collateral posted with our futures counterparty is segregated in the Company s books and records. Historically, the Company s counterparty held cash margin as collateral for derivatives, which is included in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest rate futures are centrally cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME through a futures commission merchant. The Company is required to post initial margin and daily variation margin for interest rate futures that are centrally cleared by CME. CME determines the fair value of our centrally cleared futures, including daily variation margin. Variation margin pledged on the Company s centrally cleared interest rate futures is settled against the realized results of these futures. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 (1) Employment agreements with certain of the Company s named executive officers 
 Legal Matters 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its wholly-owned portfolio companies may from time to time be party to lawsuits and claims. The Company evaluates such matters on a case by case basis and its policy is to contest vigorously any claims it believes are without compelling merit. 
 
 For example, the Company closed on its million investment in BSP in June 2016. Subsequently, as previously disclosed, the Company invested million in additional capital and recorded million in unrealized losses on the BSP investment to write down the fair value of the investment to million by June 30, 2019. The BSP investment resulted in protracted litigation with Kerri Agee, the former owner and President of BSP, who filed for bankruptcy and was indicted in 2019 for, and convicted in 2021 of, defrauding the SBA. The Agee litigation concluded with Holdco 5 obtaining a nondischargeable judgment against Agee in the amount of million in January 2022. Holdco 5 intends to vigorously pursue all of its rights relating to this matter, though there can be no assurances of the possibility of recovering some or substantially all of the assets referred to in the judgement. Holdco 5 has not recorded any gain contingency relating to this litigation. 
 
 As a result of a litigation brought by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC in October 2012, NMS voluntarily entered into, and is presently operating under, a permanent injunction with respect to certain of its business practices. 
 F-373 

Table of Contents 

 million and will be reduced until the facility matures in May 2023. At December 31, 2022, total principal owed by NBC was million. In addition, the Company deposited million to collateralize the guarantee. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on the NBL Capital One Facility. Maximum borrowings under the NBL Facility are million with an accordion feature to increase maximum borrowings to million. The lender s commitments terminate in November 2024, with all amounts due under the NBL Facility maturing in November 2025. At December 31, 2022, total principal owed by NBL was million. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on the NBL Deutsche Bank Facility. Maximum borrowings under the NBL Deutsche Bank Facility are million. The Deutsche Bank Facility matures in November 2024. At December 31, 2022, there was balance of total principal owed by NBL. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on the NBL One Florida Bank Facility. Maximum borrowings under the NBL One Florida Bank Facility are million. The Deutsche Bank Facility matures in September 2024. At December 31, 2022, total principal owed by NBL was million. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on the Webster Facility, a term loan facility between NMS with Webster Bank with an aggregate principal amount up to million. The Webster Facility matures in November 2027. At December 31, 2022, total principal outstanding was million. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantee. 
 
 Unfunded Commitments 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unfunded commitments in connection with its SBA 7(a) non-affiliate investments related to portions of loans originated which are partially funded. The Company will fund these commitments from the same sources it uses to fund its other investment commitments. 

F-374 

Table of Contents 

 Net investment income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized gain on investments Net realized gain (loss) on derivative transactions Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) ) Net unrealized depreciation on servicing assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on derivative transactions ) Change in deferred taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Distributions to common stockholders ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Consolidation of Exponential Business Development Co., Inc. ) Accretive effect of stock offerings (issuing shares above NAV per share) Deferred tax asset reversal ) Out of period adjustment related to BDC conversion ) Exponential of NY LLC distributions to members ) Accretive effect of shares issued in connection with DRIP (issuing shares above NAV per share) Dilutive effect of purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding (purchase of shares above NAV) ) ) Dilutive effect of restricted stock awards ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) Net asset value at end of period Per share market value at end of period Total return based on market value ) ) Total return based on average net asset value Shares outstanding at end of period (in thousands) 
 F-375 

Table of Contents 

 Ratio of expenses to average net assets Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Portfolio turnover 6 
 Average debt outstanding Average debt outstanding per share Asset coverage ratio Senior securities outstanding 
 (1) Based on actual number of shares outstanding at the end of the corresponding period or the weighted average shares outstanding for the period, unless otherwise noted, as appropriate. 
 (2) Total return based on market value is calculated based on the purchase of stock at the current market price on the first day and a sale at the current market price on the last day of each period reported and assumes reinvestment of dividends at prices obtained by the Company's DRIP plan during the period. The return does not reflect any sales load that may be paid by an investor. 
 (3) Total return based on change in NAV is calculated using the change in net asset value plus dividends to stockholders during the period, divided by the beginning net asset value. 
 (4) Includes the impact of the different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on shares outstanding as of a period end or transaction date. 
 (5) Calculated based on the amount of senior securities outstanding at period end. 
 (6) Portfolio turnover is calculated by dividing (a) the lesser of purchases or sales of portfolio securities by (b) the average total investments at fair value. The calculation includes PPP loan activity in 2021 and 2020. 

period from the grant date. The fair value is expensed over the service period, starting on the grant date. 
 Less net restricted stock (granted)/forfeited during: Year ended December 31, 2016 ) Year ended December 31, 2017 ) Year ended December 31, 2018 ) Year ended December 31, 2019 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2022 ) Restricted stock available for issuance as of December 31, 2022 
 F-376 

Table of Contents 

 of total shares of common stock issued and outstanding, calculated on a fully diluted basis, not to exceed million shares, are available for awards of restricted stock and stock options under the Equity Incentive Plan. No more than of the shares of stock reserved for the grant of awards under the Equity Incentive Plan may be restricted stock awards at any time during the term of the Equity Incentive Plan. No stock options have been granted under the Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted shares. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years as of December 31, 2022. 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, through open market purchases, including block purchases, in such manner as will comply with the provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The repurchase program terminated on December 21, 2022. The Company has not repurchased any common shares under the repurchase program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2020 ATM Program 
 
 On June 25, 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. On July 20, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. The 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement, as amended, provided that the Company may offer and sell up to shares of common stock from time to time through the placement agents. As of March 14, 2023, there were shares of common stock available for sale under the 2020 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement, as amended. 
 
 Net weighted average price per share Net proceeds 
 
 The Company used the net proceeds for funding investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with its investment objective and strategies. 
 
 The Company does not currently have an effective shelf registration statement in place and therefore, the ATM program has been suspended as of January 6, 2023 however on January 27, 2023 the Company submitted a Form S-3 with the SEC in order to commence the process of re-establishing an effective shelf registration statement and intends to seek effectiveness of such registration statement upon completion of the SEC review process. 

2019 
 
 shares of common stock from time to time through the placement agents. On February 28, 2020, the Company amended the 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement to add UBS Securities LLC as a placement agent. On June 24, 2020, the Company terminated the Amended 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. As of June 24, 2020, the Company had sold shares of its common stock under the Amended 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement, and received net proceeds of million. The Company paid the ATM placement agents a total of million in compensation under the Amended 2019 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. 
 
 F-377 

Table of Contents 

 Net weighted average price per share Net proceeds 

Weighted average shares outstanding Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per share 

, some of which include renewal options that extend the leases for up to years. These renewal options are not considered in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise such options. The operating lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 As the rate implicit in the leases generally is not readily determinable for our operating leases, the discount rates used to determine the present value of our lease liability are based on our incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date and commensurate with the remaining lease term. Our incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and are excluded from our weighted-average remaining lease term. 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Total lease costs (included in other general and administrative costs on the consolidated statements of operations) 
 
 F-378 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of future minimum lease payments 

April 20, 2022 June 16, 2022 June 20, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 30, 2022 September 19, 2022 September 20, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 17, 2022 December 19, 2022 December 20, 2022 December 30, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 February 23, 2021 March 19, 2021 March 22, 2021 March 31, 2021 May 11, 2021 June 14, 2021 June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 August 10, 2021 September 19, 2021 September 20, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 20, 2021 December 19, 2021 December 20, 2021 December 30, 2021 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, an additional and shares valued at million and million, respectively, were issued related to dividends on unvested restricted stock awards. 

of the first of employee contributions, resulting in million, million and million in expense, respectively. 

F-379 

million and increased accumulated undistributed earnings by million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company decreased additional paid in capital by million and increased accumulated undistributed earnings by million. 
 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses and generally excludes unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments as investment gains and losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) Net change in deferred tax liabilities ) GAAP versus tax basis consolidation of subsidiaries ) Other income (deductions/losses) for tax, not book ) Other differences ) ) ) Taxable income before deductions for distributions 
 
 Return of capital 
 
 The determination of the tax attributes of the Company s distributions is made annually as of the end of the Company s fiscal year based upon the Company s taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year. Approximately of the Company s ordinary income was from qualified dividends. The actual tax characteristics of distributions to shareholders are reported to shareholders annually on Form 1099-DIV. 
 
 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) GAAP versus tax basis consolidation of subsidiaries ) ) ) Other temporary differences Total accumulated earnings - book basis 
 
 The differences between the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis and the amounts reflected in the consolidated statements of changes in net assets are primarily due to temporary book-tax differences that will reverse in a subsequent period. 
 
 F-380 

million. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association and has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, the Company contributed to Newtek Bank million of cash and two of the Company s subsidiaries, NBL and SBL. Upon the consummation of the Acquisition, Newtek Bank entered into an operating agreement with the OCC concerning certain matters including capital, liquidity and concentration limits, and memorializing the business plan submitted to the OCC. Management has not yet completed the acquisition accounting and expects to complete it in time for the next quarterly filing as of March 31, 2022. 
 
 Conversion to a Financial Holding Company 
 
 The Company has also filed with the SEC a Form N-54C, Notification of Withdrawal of Election to be Subject to the 1940 Act, and has ceased to be a BDC as of January 6, 2023. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company is now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. The Company no longer qualifies as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualifies for accounting treatment as an investment company. As a result, in addition to Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, NBL and SBL, the following NewtekOne portfolio companies and subsidiaries are now consolidated non-bank subsidiaries in the Company s financial statements: NSBF; NMS; Mobil Money, LLC; NBC; PMT; NIA TAM; Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc; NCL; EWS; NTS and POS. In addition, as a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by EWS and NTS, including its subsidiary SIDCO, within two years of becoming a financial holding company, subject to any extension of the two-year period. 
 
 Employment Agreements with our Named Executive Officers 
 
 On January 13, 2023, Newtek Bank, our consolidated subsidiary, entered into an employment agreement, effective as of January 6, 2023, with Mr. Nicolas Young. Generally, under the employment agreement, Mr. Young will serve as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Newtek Bank and is entitled to a set annual base compensation in the amount of , which amount will increase to on March 1, 2023, and cash bonuses pursuant to an annual cash bonus plan. In addition, Mr. Young is entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and paid time off and sick leave. The employment agreement also provides for a severance payment in the case of Mr. Young being terminated without just cause, as defined therein, Mr. Young resigning with good reason, as defined therein, a 
 F-381 

Table of Contents 

 , Mr. Schwartz is entitled to a set annual base compensation of and Mr. Leger is entitled to a set annual base compensation of . Each of Messrs, Sloane, Schwartz and Leger are entitled to a cash bonus pursuant to the Company s Annual Cash Bonus Plan. In addition, Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz and Leger are entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and paid time off. The Employment Agreements also provide for severance payments in the case where Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz or Leger were to be terminated without just cause, as defined therein, or were to resign with good reason, as defined therein, or in the case of a change of control, as defined therein, or a non-renewal of their respective Employment Agreements. Under the Employment Agreements, during the terms of their employment, Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz and Leger agree to devote substantially all of their business time to the Company and to not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business or affairs of the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify Messrs. Sloane, Schwartz and Leger for any and all loss, expenses, or liability that they may incur as a result of their services for the Company. Cash bonuses will be based on performance and will be determined during the term of the Employment Agreements and therefore cannot be disclosed as this time. 
 
 Effective as of March 1, 2023, NSBF, the Company s consolidated subsidiary, has entered into a one year employment agreement with Peter Downs, President of NSBF (the Employment Agreement ). In addition, Mr. Downs serves as the Chief Lending Officer of the Company. Generally, under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Downs is entitled to a set annual base compensation of , and a cash bonus pursuant to the Company s Annual Cash Bonus Plan. In addition, Mr. Downs is entitled to other benefits, such as participation in retirement and medical and other plans, executive benefits, and vacation and sick leave. The Employment Agreement also provides for a severance payment in the case of Mr. Downs were to be terminated without just cause, as defined therein, Mr. Downs were to resign with good reason, as defined therein, or in the case of a change of control, as defined therein, or a non-renewal of Mr. Down s Employment Agreement. Under the Employment Agreement, during the term of his employment, Mr. Downs agrees to devote substantially all of his business time to the Company and to not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business or affairs of the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify Mr. Downs for any and all loss, expenses, or liability that he may incur as a result of his services for the Company. Cash bonuses will be based on performance and will be determined during the term of the employment agreement and therefore cannot be disclosed as this time. 
 
 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Effective January 13, 2023, we filed Articles of Amendment amending our Charter to change the name of the Company to NewtekOne, Inc. 
 
 2025 8.125 Notes 
 
 On January 23, 2023 we completed an exempt offering of million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2025. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately million, after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for general corporate purposes, including payment of expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the notes and other working capital purposes. The Notes will mature on February 1, 2025. The Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 each year, commencing on August 1, 2023. 
 F-382 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, in a private placement transaction. The aggregate purchase price was million. 
 
 Capital One Facility Waiver 
 
 On February 28, 2023, NSBF entered into a Limited Waiver Agreement with the lenders under the Capital One facility pursuant to which the lenders waived the event of default under the facility relating to NSBF s net income for the quarter ended on December 31, 2022. 

per share, which is payable on April 14, 2023 to shareholders of record as of April 4, 2023. 

F-383 

Table of Contents 

 NewtekOne, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule of Investments In and Advances to Affiliates 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 CDS Business Services, Inc. Common Stock 2 
 Own Line of Credit Fixed ) ) Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. Common Stock 2 
 Own ) ) Line of Credit Fixed Line of Credit 6 
 Prime plus ) Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC Membership Interest 2 
 Own PMTWorks Payroll, LLC Membership Interest 2 
 Own ) Term Loans 7 
 Fixed - 
 ) Small Business Lending, LLC Membership Interest 2 
 Own ) Term Loan Fixed ) banc-serv Partners, LLC Membership Interest 2 
 Own Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC Membership Interest Own ) ) Titanium Asset Management, LLC Membership Interest 2 
 Own ) ) Term Loan 7 
 Fixed ) Newtek Business Lending, LLC Membership Interest Own ) Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC Membership Interest Own ) ) Newtek TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP Membership Interest Own Mobil Money, LLC Membership Interest Own 
 F-384 

Table of Contents 

 Term Loan Fixed Excel WebSolutions LLC Membership Interest 2 
 Own ) ) Term Loans 2 
 Fixed ) Total Controlled Investments ) Non-Control Investments EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC Membership Interest Own Biller Genie Software, LLC Membership Interest Own Total Non-Control Investments Total Affiliate Investments ) 
 
 This schedule should be read in connection with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Consolidated Schedule of Investments and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (1) The principal amount and ownership detail as shown in the Company s Consolidated Schedule of Investments. 
 (2) Represents non-income producing security. 
 (3) Represents the total amount of interest, dividends, and other income credited to income for the year. 
 (4) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross additions also include net increases in unrealized appreciation or net decreases in unrealized depreciation. 
 (5) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal payments or sales and exchanges of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross reductions also include net increases in unrealized depreciation or net decreases in unrealized appreciation. 
 (6) Index based floating rate debt investment with interest at rate of Prime plus a contractual spread which typically reset monthly prior to repayment in the second quarter of 2022. 
 (7) Fixed rate debt investment prior to repayment during the third quarter of 2022. 
 F-385 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 newt-123122xexh42descripti.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, NewtekOne, Inc. (the Company, we, our, or us had two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1) our common stock and (2) our debt securities. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
 
 A. Common Stock, 0.02 par value per share 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the authorized capital stock of the Company consisted of 200,000,000 shares of stock, par value 0.02 per share, all of which are initially designated as common stock. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol NEWT. 
 All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, voting, and distributions and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our Board and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will be unable to elect any director. 
 Under our charter, our Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. Our charter also provides that the Board, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. See Subsequent Events - Securities Purchase Agreement within the December 31, 2022 10-K. 
 
 Options and Restricted Stock 
 On April 27, 2015, the Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors approved the Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Stock Plan ), subject to exemptive relief from the SEC and shareholder approval, in order to have increased flexibility to use restricted shares of common stock, in addition to stock options, to assist the Company in achieving its objectives with respect to long-term equity incentive compensation. On May 10, 2016, we received an exemptive order from the SEC permitting us to award restricted shares of common stock to our employees, officers, and non-employee directors, and on July 27, 2016, our shareholders approved the 2015 Stock Plan. 

The 2015 Stock Plan permitted us to issue awards of stock options and restricted shares of common stock in an aggregate amount of up to 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Plan Maximum Shares as of the effective date of the plan. Under the 2015 Stock Plan, all of the Plan Maximum Shares are available for grants of stock options, and half of the Plan Maximum Shares (up to 10 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of the effective date of the 2015 Stock Plan) is available for grants of restricted shares of common stock. The Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee believes that restricted shares of common stock is the best method of encouraging stock ownership in the Company by eligible participants by giving them a proprietary interest in the Company s performance, which more closely aligns compensation with the Company s performance and provides a means to attract and retain persons of outstanding ability in key positions with the Company. In connection with our January 6, 2023 conversion to a financial holding company, the Company does not intent on granting any additional awards under the 2015 Stock Plan. The Company intends to amend the 2015 Stock Plan and submit it for stockholder approval at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 
 Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee, from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation 

to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received unless, in either case, a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 Certain Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Our Board is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms. The first expires in 2025, the second class expires in 2023, and the third class expires in 2024. Upon expiration of their current terms, directors of each class will be elected to serve for three-year terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualify and each year one class of directors will be elected by the stockholders. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 
 Election of Directors 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present will be required to elect a director. Pursuant to our charter our Board may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 

Number of Directors Vacancies Removal 
 Our charter provides that the number of directors will be set only by the Board in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than one nor more than twelve. Our charter provides that, at such time as we have at least three independent directors and our common stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we elect to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law regarding the filling of vacancies on the board of directors. Accordingly, at such time, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 
 Action by Stockholders 
 Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or (unless the charter provides for stockholder action by less than unanimous written consent, which our charter does not) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (a) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (b) by the Board or (c) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board or (3) provided that the Board has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our Board any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 

Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our Board and certain of our officers. Additionally, our bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 
 Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter also provides that certain charter amendments, any proposal for our conversion, whether by charter amendment, merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company and any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution requires the approval of the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by a majority of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. The continuing directors are defined in our charter as (1) our current directors, (2) those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of our current directors then on the Board or (3) any successor directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of continuing directors or the successor continuing directors then in office. In any event, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act, any amendment or proposal that would have the effect of changing the nature of our business so as to cause us to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC would be required to be approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as defined under the 1940 Act. 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the Board will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws. In a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on July 10, 2020, our stockholders rejected a proposal that would have allowed our stockholders to amend our bylaws. 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 Except with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Control Share Act discussed below, as permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the Board shall determine such rights apply. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter (the Control Share Act ). Shares owned by the acquirer, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of 

which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 a. one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 b. one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 c. a majority or more of all voting power. 
 The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquirer crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the Board of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including compliance with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The Control Share Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, the SEC staff has taken the position that, under the 1940 Act, an investment company may not avail itself of the Control Share Act. As a result, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and, after notification, the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Control Share Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder (the Business Combination Act ). These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 

d. any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 e. an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 f. 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 g. two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our Board has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by Board, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time however, our Board will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Conflict with 1940 Act 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

B. Debt Securities 
 
 5.75 Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes and 
 5.50 Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes, and together with the 2024 Notes, the Notes ). 
 
 The 2024 Notes 
 In July 2019, we issued 55.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75 notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). In August 2019, we closed on an additional 8.25 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes pursuant to a fully-exercised overallotment option granted to the underwriters. The total net proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately 61.3 million. 
 On February 16, 2021 and May 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 5.0 million and 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes, respectively. The new 2024 Notes are treated as a single series with the prior 2024 Notes and have the same terms as the prior 2024 Notes. The existing 2024 Notes have the same CUSIP number and are fungible and rank equally with the prior 2024 Notes. 
 On December 29, 2021, the Company partially redeemed 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 78.25 million of 2024 Notes outstanding at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from November 1, 2021 through, but excluding, the redemption date. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the 2024 Notes was 38.25 million. 
 The 2024 Notes were issued under a base indenture (the Base Indenture ), dated September 23, 2015, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ), as supplemented by the fourth supplemental indenture, dated as of July 29, 2019 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture , and together with the Base Indenture and the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ). The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.25 per year payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1, and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2019. The 2024 Notes will mature on August 1, 2024. The 2024 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after August 1, 2021. We have listed the 2024 Notes on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol NEWTL. 
 The 2026 Notes 
 In January 2021, we issued 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes, and together with the 2024 Notes, the Notes ). The 2026 Notes including 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount sold pursuant to a fully-exercised overallotment option. Total net proceeds received after deducting underwriters discount and expenses was approximately 111.3 million. As of December 31, 2022 the outstanding principal balance of the 2026 Notes was 115.0 million. 
 The 2026 Notes were issues under the Seventh Supplemental Indenture (the Seventh Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2015, between the Company and the Trustee (the Base Indenture , and together with the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ). The 2026 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at Newtek s option on or after February 1, 2022. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.50 per year payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1, of each year, beginning May 1, 2021. The 2026 Notes are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTZ. 
 General 
 The Indenture provides that any debt securities proposed to be sold may be issued under the Indenture in one or more series. 
 The Indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that may be issued thereunder from time to time. Debt securities issued under the Indenture, when a single trustee is acting for all debt securities issued under the 

Indenture, are called the indenture securities. The Indenture also provides that there may be more than one trustee thereunder, each with respect to one or more different series of indenture securities. See Resignation of Trustee below. At a time when two or more trustees are acting under the Indenture, each with respect to only certain series, the term indenture securities means the one or more series of debt securities with respect to which each respective trustee is acting. In the event that there is more than one trustee under the Indenture, the powers and trust obligations of each trustee will extend only to the one or more series of indenture securities for which it is trustee. If two or more trustees are acting under the Indenture, then the indenture securities for which each trustee is acting would be treated as if issued under separate indentures. 
 Except as described under Events of Default and Merger or Consolidation below, the Indenture does not contain any provisions that give you protection in the event we issue a large amount of debt or we are acquired by another entity. 
 We refer you to the applicable prospectus supplement for information with respect to any deletions from, modifications of or additions to the Events of Default or our covenants, as applicable, that are described below, including any addition of a covenant or other provision providing event risk protection or similar protection. 
 We have the ability to issue indenture securities with terms different from those of indenture securities previously issued and, without the consent of the holders thereof, to reopen a previous issue of a series of indenture securities and issue additional indenture securities of that series unless the reopening was restricted when that series was created. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 The 2024 Notes and the 2026 may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after August 1, 2020 and February 1, 2022, respectively, upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable thereon for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 You may be prevented from exchanging or transferring the Notes when they are subject to redemption. In case any Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the redemption notice will provide that, upon surrender of such Note, you will receive, without a charge, a new Note or Notes of authorized denominations representing the principal amount of your remaining unredeemed Notes. Any exercise of our option to redeem the Notes will be done in compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 
 If we redeem only some of the Notes, the trustee or, with respect to global securities, DTC will determine the method for selection of the particular Notes to be redeemed, in accordance with the Indenture and in accordance with the rules of any national securities exchange or quotation system on which the Notes are listed. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption. 
 
 Global Securities 
 
 Each Note will be issued in book-entry form and represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, known as DTC, or its nominee. A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee, unless special termination situations arise. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all the Notes represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only beneficial interests in a global security. For more information about these arrangements, see Description of Notes Book-Entry Procedures below. 

Termination of a Global Security 
 
 If a global security is terminated for any reason, interests in it will be exchanged for certificates in non-book-entry form (certificated securities). After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold the certificated Notes directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a global security transferred on termination to their own names, so that they will be holders. 
 
 Payment 
 
 We will pay interest to the person listed in the trustee s records as the owner of the Notes at the close of business on a particular day in advance of each due date for interest, even if that person no longer owns the Note on the interest due date. That day, usually about two weeks in advance of the interest due date, is called the record date. Because we will pay all the interest for an interest period to the holders on the record date, holders buying and selling the Notes must work out between themselves the appropriate purchase price. The most common manner is to adjust the sales price of the Notes to prorate interest fairly between buyer and seller based on their respective ownership periods within the particular interest period. This prorated interest amount is called accrued interest. 
 
 Payments on Global Securities 
 
 We will make payments on the Notes so long as they are represented by a global security in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary as in effect from time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the global security. An indirect holder s right to those payments will be governed by the rules and practices of the depositary and its participants, as described under Description of Notes Book-Entry Procedures. 
 
 Payments on Certificated Securities 
 
 In the event the Notes become represented by certificated securities, we will make payments on the Notes as follows. We will pay interest that is due on an interest payment date to the holder of the Notes as shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date. We will make all payments of principal and premium, if any, by check at the office of the applicable trustee in New York, New York and or at other offices that may be specified in the Indenture or a notice to holders against surrender of the Note. 
 
 Alternatively, at our option, we may pay any cash interest that becomes due on the Notes by mailing a check to the holder at his, her or its address shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date or by transfer to an account at a bank in the United States, in either case, on the due date. 
 
 Payment When Offices Are Closed 
 
 If any payment is due on the Notes on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day. Payments made on the next business day in this situation will be treated under the Indenture as if they were made on the original due date. Such payment will not result in a default under the Notes or the Indenture, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from the original due date to the next day that is a business day. 
 
 Book-entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how they will receive payments on the Notes. 
 
 Events of Default 
 You will have rights if an Event of Default occurs in respect of the Notes, as described later in this subsection. The term Event of Default in respect of the Notes means any of the following 
 We do not pay the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Note on its due date and such default is not cured within 5 days of its due date. 

An Event of Default for the Notes does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the same or any other Indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest, if it in good faith considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 
 We do not pay interest on any Note when due, and such default is not cured within 30 days of its due date. 
 We remain in breach of any other covenant with respect to the Notes for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach. The notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of at least 25.0 of the principal amount of the Notes. 
 We file for bankruptcy, or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization occur and, in the case of certain orders or decrees entered against us under any bankruptcy law, such order or decree remains undischarged or unstayed for a period of 90 days. 
 On the last business day of each of twenty-four consecutive calendar months, the Notes have an asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, of less than 100 after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. 
 Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 
 If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the Notes may declare the entire principal amount of all the Notes to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances, a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be canceled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes if (1) we have deposited with the trustee all amounts due and owing with respect to the Notes (other than principal that has become due solely by reason of such acceleration) and certain other amounts, (2) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived, and (3) we have deposited with the trustee a sum sufficient to pay all sums paid or advanced by the trustee and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements, and advances of the trustee, its agents, and counsel as required under the Indenture in connection with the rescinded Event of Default. 
 
 The trustee is not required to take any action under the Indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee protection from expenses and liability reasonably satisfactory to it (called an indemnity ). If indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee. The trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 
 
 Before you are allowed to bypass the trustee and bring your own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce your rights or protect your interests relating to the Notes, the following must occur 
 you must give the trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured 
 However, you are entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on your Notes on or after the due date. 
 the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of all the Notes must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default and must offer the trustee indemnity, security or both reasonably satisfactory to it against the cost and other liabilities of taking that action 
 the trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity and or security and 
 the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes must not have given the trustee a direction inconsistent with the above notice during that 60-day period. 
 
 Book-entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or make a request of the trustee and how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 

Each year, we will furnish to the trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the Indenture and the Notes, or else specifying any default. 
 
 Waiver of Default 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes may waive any past defaults other than a default 
 in the payment of principal (or premium, if any) or interest or 
 
 Merger or Consolidation 
 in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder. 
 Under the terms of the Indenture, we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another entity. We are also permitted to sell all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. However, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met 
 where we merge out of existence or convey or transfer our assets substantially as an entirety, the resulting entity must agree, in a supplemental indenture, to be legally responsible for our obligations under the Notes and the Indenture 
 
 Modification or Waiver 
 the merger or sale of assets must not cause a default on the Notes and we must not already be in default (unless the merger or sale would cure the default). For purposes of this no-default test, a default would include an Event of Default that has occurred and has not been cured, as described under Events of Default above. A default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an Event of Default if the requirements for giving us a notice of default or our default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded and 
 we must deliver to the trustee certain certificates and documents and an opinion of counsel. 
 There are three types of changes we can make to the Indenture and the Notes issued thereunder. 
 Changes Requiring Your Approval 
 First, there are changes that we cannot make to your Notes without your specific approval. The following is a list of those types of changes 
 change the stated maturity of the principal of or interest on the Notes 
 Changes Not Requiring Approval 
 reduce any amounts due on the Notes 
 reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a Note following a default change the place or currency of payment on a Note 
 impair your right to sue for payment 
 reduce the percentage of holders of Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the Indenture and 
 reduce the percentage of holders of Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or to waive certain defaults. 
 The second type of change does not require any vote by the holders of the Notes. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the Notes in any material respect. 
 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
 Any other change to the Indenture and the Notes would require the following approval 
 if the change affects only the Notes, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes and 

In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. 
 if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 
 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of any series of debt securities issued under an indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose, may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or of any of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Description of Notes Modification or Waiver Changes Requiring Your Approval. 
 
 Further Details Concerning Voting 
 
 When taking a vote, we will use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to the Notes 
 The Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. The Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described later under Description of Notes Defeasance Full Defeasance. 
 
 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the Indenture. However, the record date may not be more than 30 days before the date of the first solicitation of holders to vote on or take such action. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the Notes, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of the Notes on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 
 
 The trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any default or Event of Default unless (i) written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the trustee at the corporate trust office of the trustee and such notice references the Notes and the Indenture or (ii), in the case of a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest, if any, on any Notes, a responsible officer of the trustee has actual knowledge thereof. 
 
 Book-entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how approval may be granted or denied if we seek to change the Indenture or the Notes or request a waiver. 
 
 Defeasance 
 
 The following defeasance provisions will be applicable to the Notes. Defeasance means that, by depositing with a trustee an amount of cash and or government securities sufficient to pay all principal and interest, if any, on the Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions noted below, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our obligations under the Notes. In the event of a covenant defeasance, upon depositing such funds and satisfying similar conditions discussed below we would be released from certain covenants under the Indenture relating to the Notes. The consequences to the holders of the Notes would be that, while they would no longer benefit from certain covenants under the Indenture, and while the Notes could not be accelerated for any reason, the holders of Notes nonetheless would be guaranteed to receive the principal and interest owed to them. 
 Covenant Defeasance 
 
 Under current U.S. federal income tax law and the Indenture, we can make the deposit described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture under which the Notes were issued. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, you would lose the protection of those restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside in trust to repay your Notes. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, the following must occur 

Since the Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the Notes a combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will, in the written opinion of a nationally recognized accounting firm, generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the Notes on their various due dates 
 If we accomplish covenant defeasance, you can still look to us for repayment of the Notes if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit or the trustee is prevented from making payment. In fact, if one of the remaining Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the Notes became immediately due and payable, there might be a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, you may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that, under current U.S. federal income tax law, we may make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to covenant defeasance have been complied with 
 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or result in a default under, the Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments 
 no default or event of default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 
 
 Full Defeasance 
 
 If there is a change in U.S. federal income tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the Notes (called full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for you to be repaid 
 Since the Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the Notes a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will, in the written opinion of a nationally recognized accounting firm, generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the Notes on their various due dates 
 If we ever did accomplish full defeasance, as described above, you would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the Notes. You could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. If your Notes were subordinated as described later under Description of Notes Indenture Provisions Ranking, such subordination would not prevent the trustee under the Indenture from applying the funds available to it from the deposit referred to in the first bullet of the preceding paragraph to the payment of amounts due in respect of such Notes for the benefit of the subordinated debtholders. 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change in current U.S. federal income tax law or an IRS ruling that allows us to make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit. Under current U.S. federal income tax law the deposit and our legal release from the Notes would be treated as though we paid you your share of the cash and notes or bonds at the time the cash and notes or bonds were deposited in trust in exchange for your Notes and you would recognize gain or loss on the Notes at the time of the deposit 
 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to defeasance have been complied with 
 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, the Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments and 
 no default or event of default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 

Other Covenants 
 
 In addition to any other covenants described in applicable prospectus supplement or accompanying prospectus, as well as standard covenants relating to payment of principal and interest, maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment, payment of taxes by the Company and related matters, the following covenants will apply to the Notes 
 We agree that for the period of time during which the Notes are outstanding, we will not violate Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from incurring additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings. See Risk Factors Because we have received the approval of our stockholders, we are subject to 150 asset coverage beginning after July 26, 2018 in this Form 10-K. 
 Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered Securities 
 We agree that for the period of time during which Notes are Outstanding, pursuant to Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions thereto of the Investment Company Act, the Company will not declare any dividend (except a dividend payable in stock of the issuer), or declare any other distribution, upon a class of the capital stock of the Company, or purchase any such capital stock, unless, in every such case, at the time of the declaration of any such dividend or distribution, or at the time of any such purchase, the Company has an asset coverage (as defined in the Investment Company Act) of at least the threshold specified in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions thereto of the Investment Company Act, as such obligation may be amended or superseded, after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and in each case giving effect to (i) any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Commission, and (ii) any SEC no-action relief granted by the Commission to another business development company (or to the Company if it determines to seek such similar no-action or other relief) permitting the business development company to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act, as such obligation may be amended or superseded, in order to maintain such business development company s status as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code. If, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the Notes and the trustee, for the period of time during which the Notes are outstanding, our audited annual consolidated financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements, within 45 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements will be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable U.S. GAAP. 
 If registered Notes cease to be issued in book-entry form, they will be issued 
 only in fully registered certificated form 
 Holders may exchange their certificated securities for Notes of smaller denominations or combined into fewer Notes of larger denominations, as long as the total principal amount is not changed and as long as the denomination is equal to or greater than 25. 
 without interest coupons and 
 unless we indicate otherwise, in denominations of 25 and amounts that are multiples of 25. 
 
 Holders may exchange or transfer their certificated securities at the office of the trustee. We have appointed the trustee to act as our agent for registering Notes in the names of holders transferring Notes. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. 
 
 Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their certificated securities, but they may be required to pay any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder s proof of legal ownership. 

We may appoint additional transfer agents or cancel the appointment of any particular transfer agent. We may also approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts. 
 
 If we redeem any of the Notes, we may block the transfer or exchange of those Notes selected for redemption during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to determine and fix the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers or exchanges of any certificated Notes selected for redemption, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unredeemed portion of any Note that will be partially redeemed. 
 
 If registered Notes are issued in book-entry form, only the depositary will be entitled to transfer and exchange the Notes as described in this subsection, since it will be the sole holder of the Notes. 
 
 Resignation of Trustee 
 
 The trustee may resign or be removed with respect to the Notes provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to the Notes. In the event that two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of Indenture securities under the Indenture, each of the trustees will be a trustee of a trust separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. 
 
 Indenture Provisions Ranking 
 
 The Notes are designated as Senior Securities and, therefore, Senior Indebtedness under the Indenture. Senior Indebtedness is defined in the Indenture as the principal of (and premium, if any) and unpaid interest on 
 our indebtedness (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by us), whenever created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed, for money borrowed, that we have designated as Senior Indebtedness for purposes of the Indenture and in accordance with the terms of the Indenture (including any Indenture securities designated as Senior Indebtedness), and 
 As unsecured obligations of the Company designated as Senior Indebtedness under the Indenture, the Notes rank 
 renewals, extensions, modifications and refinancings of any of this indebtedness. 
 pari passu , or equal, with any of our existing and future unsecured indebtedness 
 
 senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the Notes 
 effectively subordinated, or junior, to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and 
 structurally subordinated, or junior, to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our subsidiaries or financing vehicles, if any. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-4.14>
 3
 capitalonenewtek7a-waive.htm
 EX-4.14

capitalonenewtek7a-waive 

145883846v2 LIMITED WAIVER AGREEMENT This Limited Waiver Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of February 28, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is entered into by and among NEWTEK SMALL BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC, a New York limited liability company Borrower ), CCC REAL ESTATE HOLDING CO. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CCCRE ), NEWTEK ONE, INC. (f/k/a Newtek Business Services Corp.), a Maryland corporation Parent and, together with CCCRE, the Guarantors and, each individually, a Guarantor ), the Lenders signatory hereto, and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as administrative agent (in such capacity, Administrative Agent ). RECITALS: A. Borrower, certain Lenders and Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2017 (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of May 31, 2018, that certain Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Loan Documents, dated as of June 24, 2019, that certain Omnibus Amendment No. 3 to Loan Documents, dated as of September 13, 2019, and Omnibus Amendment No. 4 to Loan Documents, dated as of May 7, 2020, and as may be further amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ). B. For the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, Borrower failed to maintain net income of at least 1.00, which failure is in breach of the obligations of Section 6.7(b) of the Loan Agreement and results in an Event of Default under Section 8.1(d) of the Loan Agreement (hereinafter, the Specified Event of Default ). C. Borrower has requested that Administrative Agent and Lenders agree to waive the Specified Event of Default and Administrative Agent and Lenders have agreed to such waiver, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and further valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement. 2. Waiver of Specified Event of Default. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement, and in reliance on the representations and warranties of Borrower and each Guarantor set forth in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders hereby waive the Specified Event of Default solely to the extent that the Borrower s actual net income for the quarter ended on December 31, 2022 is not less than negative Sixteen Million Dollars (- 16,000,000). Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the waiver herein, if the Borrower s net income for the quarter ended on December 31, 2022 is less than - 16,000,000, an immediate Event of Default shall exist under Section 8.1(d) of the Credit Agreement, which Event of Default shall not be deemed waived hereunder. The limited waiver of the Specified Event of Default is a one-time waiver only, and shall not be deemed to constitute an agreement by the Administrative Agent or Lenders to waive any future Default or Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents, or any future breach of any other provision of any of the Loan Documents. Except as set forth in this Section 2, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as waiver by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of any covenant or provision of the Loan Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or of any other contract or instrument between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender at any time or times hereafter to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision thereof shall not waive, affect or 

2 145883846v2 diminish any right of the Administrative Agent or Lenders to thereafter demand strict compliance therewith. The Administrative Agent and Lenders hereby reserve all rights granted under the Loan Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any other contract or instrument between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 3. Effectiveness; Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Administrative Agent, duly executed by Borrower, the Guarantors, the Required Lenders, and the Administrative Agent; and (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all reasonable expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with this Agreement (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent). 4. Representations and Warranties. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders to enter into this Agreement, Borrower and each Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows: (a) the representations and warranties of Borrower and each Guarantor contained in the Loan Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date; (b) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of, Borrower and each Guarantor, except as may be limited by general principles of equity or by the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar law affecting creditors' rights generally; and (c) after giving effect to this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 5. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Relevant Documents ), sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto in relation to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements among the parties relating to such subject matter. No promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied, not set forth in the Relevant Documents shall bind any party hereto, and no such party has relied on any such promise, condition, representation or warranty. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated in the Relevant Documents, no representations, warranties or commitments, express or implied, have been made by any party to the other in relation to the subject matter hereof or thereof. None of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be changed, modified, waived or canceled orally or otherwise, except in writing signed by the Administrative Agent (with the consent of the Required Lenders). 6. Reaffirmations. (a) Except as specifically amended pursuant to the terms hereof, the Loan Agreement and all other Loan Documents (and all covenants, terms, conditions and agreements therein) shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by Borrower and each Guarantor. Borrower and each Guarantor covenants and agrees to comply with all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Loan Agreement (subject to the limited waiver set forth herein) and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, notwithstanding any prior course of conduct, waivers, releases or other actions or inactions on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender which might otherwise constitute or be construed as a waiver of or Agreement to such terms, covenants and conditions, or otherwise. 

3 145883846v2 (b) Each Guarantor hereby expressly (i) consents to the execution by Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders of this Agreement; (ii) reaffirms, assumes and binds itself in all respects to all of the obligations, liabilities, duties, covenants, terms and conditions that are contained in its Guaranty Agreement; and (iii) agrees that all such obligations, liabilities, duties, covenants, terms and conditions under its respective Guaranty Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall not be discharged, limited, impaired or affected in any manner by this Agreement. 7. RELEASE. EACH OF BORROWER AND EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT BORROWER S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS ARE ABSOLUTE AND UNCONDITIONAL WITHOUT ANY RIGHT OF RESCISSION, SETOFF, COUNTERCLAIM, DEFENSE, OFFSET, RECOUPMENT, CROSS- COMPLAINT, CLAIM OR DEMAND OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER THAT CAN BE ASSERTED TO REDUCE OR ELIMINATE ALL OR ANY PART OF ITS LIABILITY TO REPAY THE OBLIGATIONS OR TO SEEK AFFIRMATIVE RELIEF OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE FROM THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER. BASED UPON THE FACTS KNOWN TO BORROWER AND EACH GUARANTOR AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EACH OF BORROWER AND EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH LENDER AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PREDECESSORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASED PARTIES ), FROM ALL POSSIBLE CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ANTICIPATED OR UNANTICIPATED, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, FIXED, CONTINGENT, OR CONDITIONAL, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WHICH BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AGAINST ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, IF ANY, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER ANY SUCH CLAIMS ARISE OUT OF CONTRACT, TORT, VIOLATION OF LAW OR REGULATIONS, OR OTHERWISE, AND ARISING FROM THE ADVANCES OR ANY OTHER OBLIGATIONS OWING TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTRACTING FOR, CHARGING, TAKING, RESERVING, COLLECTING OR RECEIVING INTEREST IN EXCESS OF THE HIGHEST LAWFUL RATE APPLICABLE, THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND THE NEGOTIATION AND EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 8. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission (including .PDF) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 9. Incorporation of Loan Agreement Provisions. The provisions contained in Section 12.1 (Governing Law), Section 12.19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) and Section 12.22 (Waiver of Jury Trial) of the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by reference to the same extent as if reproduced herein in their entirety. 10. Enforceability. Should any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be determined to be illegal or unenforceable as to one or more of the parties hereto, all other provisions nevertheless shall remain effective and binding on the parties hereto. [Remainder of page intentionally blank; signature page follows.] 

LIMITED WAIVER AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above. BORROWER: NEWTEK SMALL BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC By: Name: Barry Sloane Title: Chief Executive Officer GUARANTORS: CCC REAL ESTATE HOLDING CO. LLC By: Name: Barry Sloane Title: Chief Executive Officer NEWTEK ONE, INC. By: Name: Barry Sloane Title: Chief Executive Officer 

LIMITED WAIVER AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: Name: Title: LENDER: CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: Name: Title: 

LIMITED WAIVER AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE LENDER: UBS BANK USA By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 employmentagreementnicol.htm
 EX-10.19

employmentagreementnicol 

NEWTEK BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION _____________________________ EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH NICOLAS YOUNG _____________________________ PREAMBLE. This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into effective as of the 6th day of January 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between NEWTEK BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Company and NICOLAS YOUNG (the Executive (the Company and the Executive are collectively referred to as the Parties ). WHEREAS, the Executive is to be employed by the Company as President and Chief Operating Officer; and WHEREAS, the Parties desire by this writing to set forth the employment relationship of the Company and the Executive as of the Effective Date. NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows: 1. Defined Terms When used anywhere in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth herein. (a) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (b) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and as interpreted through applicable rulings and regulations in effect from time to time. (c) Change in Control shall mean any one of the following events: (i) the acquisition of ownership, holding or power to vote more than 25 of the Company s or Parent s (defined below) voting shares by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (ii) the acquisition of the ability to control the election of a majority of the Board or the Parent s board of directors (the Parent s Board ), by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (iii) the acquisition of a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Company or Parent by any person or by persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or (iv) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals (the Continuing Directors who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board or the Parent s Board (each an Existing Board cease for any reason to constitute at least two-thirds thereof, provided that any individual whose election or nomination for election as a member of the Existing Board was approved by a vote of at least two- thirds of the Continuing Directors then in office shall be considered a Continuing Director. For purposes of defining Change in Control, the term person refers to an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, association, joint venture, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. Notwithstanding the 

2 foregoing, a Change in Control as defined in this Section 1(c) shall not be treated as a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement unless it constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (the Treasury Regulations ). (d) Common Stock shall mean shares of the common stock, par value 0.02 per share, of Newtek Business Services Corp. the Company s bank holding company (the Parent ). (e) Good Reason shall mean any of the following events, which has not been consented to in advance by the Executive in writing during the term of the Agreement: (i) the requirement that the Executive move his personal residence, or perform his principal executive functions, in any location that is outside of Miami-Dade, Broward, or Palm Beach Counties, Florida; (ii) a reduction in the Executive s Annual Base Compensation as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the assignment to the Executive of duties and responsibilities that constitute a material diminution from those associated with his position on the Effective Date; (iv) a material diminution or reduction in the Executive s responsibilities or authority (including reporting responsibilities) in connection with his employment with the Company, including a change in the Executive s reporting requirements such that he is not reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Board of the Company; or (v) the occurrence of a change-in- control as defined above. (f) Just Cause shall mean the Executive s willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, conviction for a felony, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on the Executive s part shall be considered willful unless Executive has acted, or failed to act, with an absence of good faith and without a reasonable belief that Executive s action or failure to act was in the best interests of the Company. 2. Employment. The Executive is to be employed as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The Executive shall render such administrative and management services for the Company and its subsidiaries as are currently rendered and as are customarily performed by persons situated in a similar executive capacity and consistent with the duties of a President and Chief Operating Officer. The Executive shall report to the CEO and the Board and shall be based in offices provided for him by the Company, which are currently located in Miami, Florida. The Executive shall also promote, by entertainment or otherwise, as and to the extent permitted by law, the business of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Executive s other duties shall be such as the CEO or Board may from time to time reasonably direct. 3. Annual Base Compensation. The Company agrees to pay the Executive: (i) from the Effective Date through February 28, 2023, a salary at the rate of 500,000 per annum, and (ii) from March 1, 2023 through the balance of the Term, a salary at the rate of 650,000 per annum, payable in cash not less frequently than semi-monthly, which sums may increase from time to time. 4. Cash Bonuses/Incentive Compensation. The Board and CEO shall determine the Executive s right to receive incentive compensation in the form of cash bonuses and other awards. 

3 The Executive shall be part of and be entitled to participate in any incentive compensation program, including bonus or equity-based compensation programs, maintained by the Company or Newtek Business Services Corp,. the Company s bank holding company, for, or offered by the Company to, senior officers. 5. Other Benefits. (a) Participation in Retirement, Medical and Other Plans. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any plan that the Company maintains for the benefit of its employees if the plan relates to (i) pension, profit-sharing, or other retirement benefits, (ii) medical insurance or the reimbursement of medical or dependent care expenses, or (iii) other group benefits, including disability and life insurance plans. (b) Executive Benefits; Expenses. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any fringe benefits which are or may become available to the Company s and Parent s senior management executives, including for example incentive compensation plans, club memberships, and any other benefits which are commensurate with the responsibilities and functions to be performed by the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which he shall incur in connection with his services under this Agreement upon substantiation of such expenses in accordance with the policies of the Company. 6. Term. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on January 5, 2024, or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Section 11 (the Term ). 7. Loyalty; Noncompetition. (a) During the period of Executive s employment hereunder and except for illnesses, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, the Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s full business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of Executive s duties hereunder; provided, however, from time to time, Executive may serve on the boards of directors of, and hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, at the request of the Company or which will not present in the opinion of the Board any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, nor unfavorably affect the performance of Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement, nor violate any applicable statute or regulation or Section 13 of this Agreement. During the Term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business affairs or interests of the Company. (b) Nothing contained in this Paragraph 7 shall be deemed to prevent or limit the Executive s right to invest in the capital stock or other securities of any business dissimilar from that of the Company or, solely as a passive or minority investor, in any business, provided such investment does not: (i) constitute a conflict of interest, (ii) violate laws or regulations applicable to the Companyor (iii) violate any rules or polices promulgated by the Board. 

4 8. Standards. The Executive shall perform his duties under this Agreement in accordance with such reasonable standards as the CEO and Board may establish from time to time. The Company will provide Executive with the working facilities and staff customary for similar executives and necessary for him to perform his duties. 9. Vacation and Sick Leave. At such reasonable times according to Company policy the Executive shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment under this Agreement, all such voluntary absences to count as vacation time; provided that: (a) The Executive shall be entitled to an annual vacation in accordance with the policies that the Company periodically establishes for senior management executives of the Company. (b) The Executive shall not receive any additional compensation from the Company on account of his failure to take a vacation, and the Executive shall not accumulate unused vacation from one fiscal year to the next, except in either case to the extent authorized by the CEO or the Board. (c) In addition to the aforesaid paid vacations, the Executive shall be entitled to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment with the Company for such additional periods of time and for such valid and legitimate reasons as the CEO may in his discretion determine. Further, the CEO or Board may grant to the Executive a leave or leaves of absence with or without pay. (d) In addition, the Executive shall be entitled to an annual sick leave benefit as established by the Company. 10. Indemnification. The Company shall, to the extent permitted by the Company s Articles of Association and Bylaws, indemnify and hold harmless Executive from any and all loss, expense (including attorneys fees and costs), or liability that he may incur due to his services for the Company as an officer and or a director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (including any liability Executive may ever incur as the result of severance benefits Executive collects pursuant to Sections 11 or 13), during the full Term of this Agreement and shall at all times maintain adequate insurance for such purposes. 11. Termination and Termination Pay. Subject to Section 13 hereof, the Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated under the following circumstances: (a) Just Cause. The CEO and Board may, based on a good faith determination and only after giving the Executive written notice specifying the basis for the termination and providing the Executive a reasonable opportunity to cure, immediately terminate the Executive s employment at any time, for Just Cause. The Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Just Cause. (b) Without Just Cause. The CEO and Board may, by written notice to the Executive, immediately terminate Executive s employment for a reason other than Just Cause. If Executive s employment is terminated at any time for a reason other than Just Cause, the Executive 

5 shall be entitled to a total severance payment equal to twelve (12) months of compensation calculated at one hundred (100) percent of Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of termination (the Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment shall be paid in a lump sum within ten (10) business days after the termination of the Executive s employment. Any Severance Payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). In addition, the Executive will be entitled to health, life, disability and other benefits which the Executive would have been eligible to participate in through the expiration of the Term based on the benefit levels substantially equal to those that the Company provided for the Executive at the date of termination of employment, subject to any restrictions as may be required under Code Section 409A. (c) Resignation by Executive with Good Reason. The Executive may at any time immediately terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Good Reason, in which case the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment payable in the same manner and on the same basis as provided for under Section 11(b) herein upon a termination without Just Cause. In addition, the Executive will be entitled to health, life, disability and other benefits which the Executive would have been eligible to participate in through the expiration of the Term based on the benefit levels substantially equal to those that the Company provided for the Executive at the date of termination of employment, subject to any restrictions as may be required under Code Section 409A. (d) Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Executive may voluntarily terminate employment with the Company during the term of this Agreement, upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the CEO, in which case the Executive shall receive only his compensation, vested rights, and Executive benefits up to the date of Executive s last day of employment. (e) Death, or Disability. If the Executive s employment terminates during the Term of this Agreement due to Executive s death or a disability that results in Executive s collection of any long-term disability benefits, the Executive (or the beneficiaries of Executive s estate) shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits that the Executive would otherwise have become entitled to receive pursuant to subsection (d) hereof upon a resignation without Good Reason. (f) Non-Renewal Payment. If this Agreement is not extended for at least one (1) additional year in circumstances in which the Executive is willing and able to execute such extension and continue performing services (the Non-Renewal ), then the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company effective as of the expiration of the Term, in which event Executive shall be entitled to one-hundred percent (100 of Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of nonrenewal (the Non-Renewal Payment ), which Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in one lump sum within ten (10) days after the expiration of the term. However, if Executive is entitled to receive a Severance Payment payable pursuant to Section 11(b), Executive shall not be entitled to receive a Non-Renewal Payment. Any extension shall include all of same terms, obligations, and considerations set forth in this Agreement, including without limitation all terms relating to compensation, incentive benefits (except for the Award set forth in paragraph 4), benefits, the same conditions and rights to severance payments 

6 (except for the non-renewal payment provided for in paragraph 11(f) hereof) and benefits, and the same rights and obligations with respect to the restrictive covenants. (g) Acceleration of Equity Awards. Upon Executive s termination pursuant to Sections 11(b), (c), (e) or (f) hereof, fifty percent (50 of any outstanding unvested Parent Restricted Stock Award granted to the Executive shall be accelerated in full, and thereafter said fifty percent (50 of the Award shall be immediately vested and exercisable for such period of time as provided for by the specific agreements governing such Award. 12. No Mitigation. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to the Executive in any subsequent employment. 13. Covenants. (a) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) Restrictive Period. The term Restrictive Period shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending one (1) year after the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. (ii) Covered Customer. The term Covered Customer shall mean (A) during the Term, any alliance partner, referral partner, customer, merchant, independent sales agency (ISA), independent sales organization (ISO), or any intermediary of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates and (B) after the Term, as of the end of the Term, a Covered Customer of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates within the prior three years. The term Covered Customer, shall include any customer who becomes a customer of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or affiliates after the Effective Date, and who was introduced to the Company primarily through the efforts of the Executive; however, the Restrictive Period shall apply to such a Covered Customer introduced to the Company primarily through the efforts of the Executive, only as long as: (i) Executive is employed by the Company; and (ii) for the one (1) year after termination of Executive s employment only if Executive receives a Severance Payment or Non- Renewal Payment. (iii) Covered Employee. The term Covered Employee shall refer to any person who is or was employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. The term Covered Employee includes any person who becomes employed by, or starts providing consulting services, to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates after the Effective Date, and who was introduced to or was hired by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates primarily through the efforts of the Executive; however, the Restrictive Period shall apply to such a Covered Employee who was introduced to or was hired by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates primarily through the efforts of the Executive, only as long as: (i) Executive is employed by the Company; and (ii) for the one (1) year after termination of Executive s employment only if Executive receives a Severance Payment or Non-Renewal Payment. (iv) Covered Business. The term Covered Business shall mean (A) during the term, any business in which the Company or its subsidiaries is engaged and (B) after 

7 the Term, any business in which the Company or its subsidiaries was engaged as of the end of the Term. (v) Covered State. The term Covered State shall mean (A) during the Term, any state in the United States and (B) after the Term, any state (1) in which, as of the end of the Term, the Company was engaged in business or (2) with respect to which the Company, as of the end of the Term, had expended material expense and/or efforts in connection with preparing to do business therein. (b) Non-Interference. The Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not at any time during the Restrictive Period for whatever reason, whether for Executive s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization: (i) interfere with contractual relationships between the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates and any of their Covered Customers or Covered Employees; (ii) hire, or solicit for hire, any person who is a Covered Employee, without the express written consent of the Company; or (iii) other than on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, solicit any Covered Customer in connection with the engagement, by any person or entity, in any Covered Business in any Covered State. (c) Confidentiality. The Executive will not, at any time whether during or after his termination of employment, (i) disclose to anyone, without proper authorization from the Company, or (ii) use, for his or another s benefit, any confidential or proprietary information of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, which may include trade secrets, business plans or outlooks, financial data, marketing or sales programs, customer lists, brand formulations, training and operations manuals, products or price strategies, mergers, acquisitions, and/or Company personnel issues. (d) Blue Pencil; Equitable Relief. The provisions contained in this Section 13 as to the time periods, scope of activities, persons or entities affected and territories restricted shall be deemed divisible so that if any provision contained in this Section is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the full extent lawfully permitted. The Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 13 are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and that the Company will be irrevocably damaged if such covenants are not specifically enforced. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that if he breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 13, the Company will be entitled (i) to damages sufficient to compensate the Company for any harm to the Company caused thereby and (ii) to specific performance and injunctive relief for the purpose of preventing the breach or threatened breach thereof without bond or other security or a showing that monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may be entitled under this Agreement. 14. Reimbursement for Litigation Expenses. In the event that any dispute arises between the Executive and the Company as to the terms or interpretation of this Agreement, whether instituted by formal legal proceedings or otherwise, including any action that the Executive takes to enforce the terms of this Agreement or to defend against any action taken by the Company, the Executive shall be reimbursed for all costs and 

8 expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from such dispute, proceedings or actions, provided that the Executive shall obtain a final judgement by a court of competent jurisdiction in favor of the Executive or is otherwise deemed to be a prevailing party in any such dispute. Such reimbursement shall be paid within ten (10) days of Executive s furnishing to the Company written evidence, which may be in the form, among other things, of a cancelled check or receipt, of any costs or expenses incurred by the Executive. 15. Successors and Assigns. (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of the Company which shall acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise, all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Company. (b) Since the Company is contracting for the unique and personal skills of the Executive, the Executive shall be precluded from assigning or delegating his rights or duties hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the Company. 16. Corporate Authority. Company represents and warrants that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it has been duly and properly authorized by the Board and that when so executed and delivered this Agreement shall constitute the lawful and binding obligation of the Company. 17. Amendments; Waiver. No amendments or additions to this Agreement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties, except as herein otherwise specifically provided. 18. Applicable Law and Venue. Except to the extent preempted by Federal law, the laws of the State of Florida shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise. The Parties agree to submit any disputes relating to or arising from this Agreement or the employment of Executive by the Company to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Miami-Dade, Broward, or Palm Beach Counties, Florida. 19. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 20. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties after the date hereof in accordance with Section 17, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters addressed and shall supersede all previous agreements with respect to such matters. 21. Tax Matters. All payments or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition, the parties hereby agree that it is their intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement be exempt from, or if not so exempt, comply with, Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits made or provided under the Agreement are considered deferred 

9 compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable on account of Employee s separation from service (but that do not meet an exemption under Code Section 409A, including without limitation the short term deferral or the separation pay plan exemption), such payments or benefits shall be paid no earlier than the date that is six (6) months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 22. Federal Deposit Insurance Act Compliance. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company will not be obligated to make any payment hereunder that would be prohibited as a golden parachute payment or indemnification payment under Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, will bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic, faxed or PDF copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. [signatures on following page] 

10 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. NEWTEK BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: Barry Sloane, Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE By: Nicolas Young 099900.08507 EMF_US 85328991v4 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 employmentagreementbarry.htm
 EX-10.20

employmentagreementbarry 

116238/2 NEWTEKONE, INC. _____________________________ EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH BARRY SLOANE _____________________________ PREAMBLE. This Employment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into as of the 1st day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between NEWTEKONE, INC. (the Company and BARRY SLOANE (the Executive ), effective immediately. WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company as Chief Executive Officer and President, and serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors; and WHEREAS, the parties desire by this writing to set forth the employment relationship of the Company and the Executive as of the Effective Date. NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows: 1. Defined Terms When used anywhere in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth herein. (a) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (b) Change in Control shall mean any one of the following events: (i) the acquisition of ownership, holding or power to vote more than 25 of the Company s voting shares by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (ii) the acquisition of the ability to control the election of a majority of the Board by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (iii) the acquisition of a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Company by any person or by persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or (iv) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals (the Continuing Directors who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board (the Existing Board cease for any reason to constitute at least two- thirds thereof, provided that any individual whose election or nomination for election as a member of the Existing Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Continuing Directors then in office shall be considered a Continuing Director. For purposes of defining Change in Control, the term person refers to an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, association, joint venture, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control as defined in this Section 1(b) shall not be treated as a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement unless it constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (the Treasury Regulations 

2 (c) Common Stock shall mean the shares of the Company s common stock, par value of 0.02 per share. (d) Good Reason shall mean any of the following events, which has not been consented to in advance by the Executive in writing during the term of the Agreement: (i) the requirement that the Executive move his personal residence, or perform his principal executive functions, more than fifty (50) miles from his primary office as of the Effective Date; (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s Annual Base Compensation as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the failure by the Company to continue to provide the Executive with compensation and benefits provided for on the Effective Date, as the same may be increased from time to time, or with benefits substantially similar to those provided to him under any of the Executive benefit plans in which the Executive now or hereafter becomes a participant, or the taking of any action by the Company which would directly or indirectly reduce any of such benefits or deprive the Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by him; (iv) the assignment to the Executive of duties and responsibilities that constitute a material diminution from those associated with his position on the Effective Date; (v) a failure to elect or reelect the Executive to the Board or as Chairman of the Board; (vi) a material diminution or reduction in the Executive s responsibilities or authority (including reporting responsibilities) in connection with his employment with the Company. (e) Just Cause shall mean the Executive s willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, conviction for a felony, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on the Executive s part shall be considered willful unless Executive has acted, or failed to act, with an absence of good faith and without a reasonable belief that Executive s action or failure to act was in the best interests of the Company. (f) Protected Period shall mean the period that begins on the date six months before a Change in Control and ends on the earlier of six months following the Change in Control or the expiration date of this Agreement. (g) Trigger Event shall mean (i) the Executive s voluntary termination of employment within ninety (90) days of an event that both occurs during the Protected Period and constitutes Good Reason, or (ii) the termination by the Company or its successor(s) in interest, of the Executive s employment for any reason other than Just Cause during the Protected Period. 2. Employment. The Executive is employed as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. The Executive shall render such administrative and management services for the Company and its subsidiaries as are currently rendered and as are customarily performed by persons situated in a similar executive capacity and consistent with the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and President as set forth in the Bylaws of the Company. The Executive shall also promote, by entertainment or otherwise, as and to the extent permitted by law, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and portfolio companies. The Executive s other duties shall be such as the Board may from time to time reasonably direct, including normal duties as an officer of the Company. 

3 3. Annual Base Compensation. The Company agrees to pay the Executive during the term of this Agreement a salary at the rate of 700,000 per annum, payable in cash not less frequently than monthly. 4. Cash Bonuses. The Board shall determine the Executive s right to receive cash bonuses. Cash Bonuses shall be awarded annually based upon the Executive s and the Company s annual performance pursuant to the Company s policy. 5. Other Benefits. (a) Participation in Retirement, Medical and Other Plans. The Executive shall participate in any plan that the Company maintains for the benefit of its employees if the plan relates to (i) pension, profit-sharing, or other retirement benefits, (ii) medical insurance or the reimbursement of medical or dependent care expenses, or (iii) other group benefits, including disability and life insurance plans. (b) Executive Benefits; Expenses. The Executive shall participate in any fringe benefits which are or may become available to the Company s senior management Executives, including for example incentive compensation plans, club memberships, and any other benefits which are commensurate with the responsibilities and functions to be performed by the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which Executive shall incur in connection with his services under this Agreement upon substantiation of such expenses in accordance with the policies of the Company. 6. Term. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment under this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on March 1, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Section 11 (the Term ). 7. Loyalty; Noncompetition. (a) During the period of his employment hereunder and except for illnesses, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, the Executive shall devote substantially all his full business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of his duties hereunder; provided, however, from time to time, Executive may serve on the boards of directors of, and hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, at the request of the Company or which will not present, in the opinion of the Board, any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor unfavorably affect the performance of Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement, nor violate any applicable statute or regulation. . During the Term of his employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business affairs or interests of the Company and its subsidiaries. (b) Nothing contained in this Paragraph 7 shall be deemed to prevent or limit the Executive s right to invest in the capital stock or other securities of any business dissimilar from that of the Company or, solely as a passive or minority investor, in any business, provided such investment does not: (i) constitute a conflict of interest, (ii) violate laws or regulations applicable to the Company, or (iii) violate any rules or polices promulgated by the Board. 

4 8. Facilities and Staff. The Company will provide Executive with the working facilities and staff customary for similar executives and necessary for him to perform his duties. 9. Paid Time Off. At such reasonable times according to Company policy, the Executive shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment under this Agreement, all such voluntary absences to count as paid time off; provided that: (a) The Executive shall be entitled to an annual vacation in accordance with the policies that the Company periodically establishes for senior management executives of the Company. (b) The Executive shall not receive any additional compensation from the Company on account of his failure to take paid time off, and the Executive shall not accumulate unused paid time off from one fiscal year to the next, except in either case to the extent authorized by the Board. (c) In addition to the aforesaid paid vacations, the Executive shall be entitled - to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment with the Company for such additional periods of time and for such valid and legitimate reasons as the Board may in its discretion determine. Further, the Board may grant to the Executive a leave or leaves of absence, with or without pay. (d) In addition, the Executive shall be entitled to an annual sick leave benefit as established by the Company 10. Indemnification. The Company shall, to the extent permitted by the Company s Bylaws, indemnify and hold harmless Executive from any and all loss, expense, or liability that Executive may incur due to his services for the Company as an officer and or a director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including any liability Executive may ever incur, as the result of severance benefits Executive collects pursuant to Sections 11 or 13), during the full Term of this Agreement and shall at all times maintain adequate insurance for such purposes. 11. Termination and Termination Pay. Subject to Section 13 hereof, the Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated under the following circumstances: (a) Just Cause. The Board may, based on a good faith determination and only after giving the Executive written notice and a reasonable opportunity to cure, immediately terminate the Executive s employment at any time, for Just Cause. The Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Just Cause. (b) Without Just Cause. The Board may, by written notice to the Executive, immediately terminate his employment for a reason other than Just Cause. In such event, the Executive shall be entitled to a total severance payment (the Severance Payment equal to two (2) times the sum of (i) Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of termination, plus (ii) the amount of all compensation paid to Executive under Section 4 hereof with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year. The first 500,000 of the Severance Payment shall be paid in a lump sum to the Executive within thirty (30) days after Executive s 

5 termination of employment. The remaining amount of the Severance Payment shall be paid in equal installments over a six (6) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll (the Installment Payments ). Each Installment Payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). In the event that, pursuant to the above, any of the Installment Payments will be paid after April 1 of the year following the year of termination and the total amount of any such Installment Payments which will be paid after April 1 exceeds the lesser of: (i) twice the Executive s then Annual Base Compensation; or (ii) twice the Code Section 401(a)(17) limit in effect for the year of termination, the portion of any such Installment Payments that exceeds the foregoing threshold shall be accumulated and paid in the seventh (7 th month following the date of termination of employment, but only to the extent necessary to comply with the six (6) month delay rule pertaining to specified employees under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(2). (c) Resignation by Executive with Good Reason. The Executive may at any time immediately terminate employment for Good Reason, in which case the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment payable in the same manner and on the same basis as provided for under Section 11(b) herein upon a termination without Just Cause. In addition, the Executive will be entitled to health, life, disability and other benefits which the Executive would have been eligible to participate in through the expiration of the Term based on the benefit levels substantially equal to those that the Company provided for the Executive at the date of termination of employment, subject to any restrictions as may be required under Code Section 409A (d) Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Executive may voluntarily terminate employment with the Company during the term of this Agreement, upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Board of Directors, in which case the Executive shall receive only his compensation, vested rights, and Executive benefits up to the date of Executive s last day of employment. (e) Death, or Disability. If the Executive s employment terminates during the Term of this Agreement due to Executive s death or disability that results in collection of any long- term disability benefits, the Executive (or the beneficiaries of Executive s estate) shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits that the Executive would otherwise have become entitled to receive pursuant to subsection (d) hereof upon a resignation without Good Reason. (f) Non-Renewal Payment. If the Term of this Agreement is not extended for at least one (1) additional year in circumstances in which the Executive is willing and able to execute such extension and continue performing services, then the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company effective as of the expiration of the Term, in which event Executive shall be entitled to a Severance Payment equal to one (1.0) times the sum of (i) Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of termination, plus (ii) the amount of all compensation paid to Executive under Section 4 hereof with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year. The first 500,000 of the Severance Payment shall be paid in a lump sum to the Executive within thirty (30) days after his termination of employment. The remaining amount of the Severance Payment shall be paid in equal installments over a six (6) month period following the Executive s termination of employment in Installment Payments. Each Installment Payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). In the event that, pursuant to the above, any of the Installment Payments will be paid after April 1 of the year 

6 following the year of termination and the total amount of any such Installment Payments which will be paid after April 1 exceeds the lesser of: (i) twice the Executive s then current base salary; or (ii) twice the Code Section 401(a)(17) limit in effect for the year of termination, the portion of any such Installment Payments that exceeds the foregoing threshold shall be accumulated and paid in the seventh (7th) month following the date of his termination of employment, but only to the extent necessary to comply with the six (6) month delay rule pertaining to specified employees under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(2). (g) Acceleration of Equity Awards. All (a) outstanding and unvested options to purchase Common Stock granted to Executive under any equity plan of the Company, (b) unvested shares of restricted Common Stock awarded to the Executive under any equity plan of the Company, and (c) other equity and equity equivalent awards then held by the Executive, shall be accelerated in full, and thereafter all such options, shares of restricted Common Stock and other equity awards shall be immediately vested and exercisable for such period of time as provided for by the specific agreements governing each such award, upon Executive s termination pursuant to Sections 11(b), (c), (e) and (f) hereof. 12. No Mitigation. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to the Executive in any subsequent employment. 13. Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if a Trigger Event occurs during the Protected Period, the Executive shall be paid an amount equal to two (2) times the executive s Annual Base Compensation plus (ii) the amount of all compensation paid to Executive under Section 4 hereof with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year (the Change in Control Payment ). If the Trigger Event occurs during the portion of the Protected Period that is prior to the date of the Change in Control, the Change in Control Payment shall be payable in the same manner as provided for under Section 11(b) herein upon a termination without Just Cause. If the Trigger Event occurs during the portion of the Protected Period that is on or after the date of the Change in Control, the Change in Control Payment shall be paid in a lump sum within ten (10) days of Executive s termination of employment. 14. Covenants. (a) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) Restrictive Period. The term Restrictive Period shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years after the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. (ii) Covered Customer. The term Covered Customer shall mean (A) during the Term, any customer, merchant, independent sales agency (ISA), independent sales organization (ISO), alliance partner or any intermediary of the Company or its subsidiaries and (B) after the Term, as of the end of the Term, a Covered Customer of the Company or its subsidiaries within the prior three years. 

7 (iii) Covered Business. The term Covered Business shall mean (A) during the term, any business in which the Company is engaged and (B) after the Term, any business in which the Company was engaged as of the end of the Term. (iv) Covered State. The term Covered State shall mean (A) during the Term, any state in the United States and (B) after the Term, any state (1) in which, as of the end of the Term, the Company was engaged in business or (2) with respect to which the Company, as of the end of the Term, had expended material expense and/or efforts in connection with preparing to do business therein. (b) Non-Interference. The Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not at any time during the Restrictive Period for whatever reason, whether for Executive s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization: (i) interfere with contractual relationships between the Company or its subsidiaries and any of their Covered Customers or employees; (ii) hire, or solicit for hire, any person who is employed by the Company or its subsidiaries, without the express written consent of the Company; or (iii) other than on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, solicit any Covered Customer in connection with the engagement, by any person or entity, in any Covered Business in any Covered State. (c) Confidentiality. The Executive will not, at any time whether during or after his termination of employment, (i) disclose to anyone, without proper authorization from the Company, or (ii) use, for his or another s benefit, any confidential or proprietary information of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company, which may include trade secrets, business plans or outlooks, financial data, marketing or sales programs, customer lists, brand formulations, training and operations manuals, products or price strategies, mergers, acquisitions, and/or Company personnel issues. (d) Blue Pencil; Equitable Relief. The provisions contained in this Section 14 as to the time periods, scope of activities, persons or entities affected and territories restricted shall be deemed divisible so that if any provision contained in this Section is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the full extent lawfully permitted. The Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 14 are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and that the Company will be irrevocably damaged if such covenants are not specifically enforced. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that if Executive breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 14, the Company will be entitled (i) to damages sufficient to compensate the Company for any harm to the Company caused thereby and (ii) to specific performance and injunctive relief for the purpose of preventing the breach or threatened breach thereof without bond or other security or a showing that monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may be entitled under this Agreement. 15. Reimbursement for Litigation Expenses. In the event that any dispute arises between the Executive and the Company as to the terms or interpretation of this Agreement, whether instituted by formal legal proceedings or otherwise, including any action that the Executive takes to enforce the terms of this Agreement or to defend against any action taken by the Company, the Executive shall be reimbursed for all costs and 

8 expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from such dispute, proceedings or actions, provided that the Executive shall obtain a final judgement by a court of competent jurisdiction in favor of the Executive. Such reimbursement shall be paid within ten (10) days of Executive s furnishing to the Company written evidence, which may be in the form, among other things, of a cancelled check or receipt, of any costs or expenses incurred by the Executive. 16. Successors and Assigns. (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of the Company which shall acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise, all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Company. (b) Since the Company is contracting for the unique and personal skills of the Executive, the Executive shall be precluded from assigning or delegating his rights or duties hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the Company. 17. Corporate Authority. Company represents and warrants that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it has been duly and properly authorized by the Board and that when so executed and delivered this Agreement shall constitute the lawful and binding obligation of the Company. 18. Amendments; Waiver. No amendments or additions to this Agreement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties, except as herein otherwise specifically provided. 19. Applicable Law. Except to the extent preempted by Federal law, the laws of the State of New York shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise. 20. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters addressed and shall supercede all previous agreements with respect to such matters. 22. Tax Matters. All payments or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition, the parties hereby agree that it is their intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement be exempt from, or if not so exempt, comply with, Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits made or provided under the Agreement are considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable on account of Employee s separation from service (but that do not meet an exemption under Code Section 409A, including without limitation the short term deferral or the separation pay plan exemption), such payments or benefits shall be 

9 paid no earlier than the date that is six (6) months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, will bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic, faxed or PDF copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first hereinabove written. NEWTEKONE, INC. By: Salvatore Mulia, Chairman Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee EXECUTIVE By: Barry Sloane, CEO President 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 employmentagreementmicha.htm
 EX-10.21

employmentagreementmicha 

NEWTEKONE, INC. _____________________________ EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH MICHAEL A. SCHWARTZ _____________________________ PREAMBLE. This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of the 1st day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between NEWTEKONE, INC. (the Company and MICHAEL A. SCHWARTZ (the Executive ). WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company as Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary; and WHEREAS, the parties desire by this writing to set forth the employment relationship of the Company and the Executive as of the Effective Date. NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows: 1. Defined Terms When used anywhere in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth herein. (a) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (b) Change in Control shall mean any one of the following events: (i) the acquisition of ownership, holding or power to vote more than 25 of the Company s voting shares by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (ii) the acquisition of the ability to control the election of a majority of the Board by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (iii) the acquisition of a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Company by any person or by persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or (iv) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals (the Continuing Directors who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board (the Existing Board cease for any reason to constitute at least two- thirds thereof, provided that any individual whose election or nomination for election as a member of the Existing Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Continuing Directors then in office shall be considered a Continuing Director. For purposes of defining Change in Control, the term person refers to an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, association, joint venture, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control as defined in this Section 1(b) shall not be treated as a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement unless it constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (the Treasury Regulations ). 

2 (c) Common Stock shall mean shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.02 per share. (d) Good Reason shall mean any of the following events, which has not been consented to in advance by the Executive in writing during the term of the Agreement: (i) the requirement that the Executive move his personal residence, or perform his principal executive functions, more than fifty (50) miles from his primary office as of the Effective Date; (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s Annual Base Compensation as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the failure by the Company to continue to provide the Executive with compensation and benefits provided for on the Effective Date, as the same may be increased from time to time, or with benefits substantially similar to those provided to him under any of the Executive benefit plans in which the Executive now or hereafter becomes a participant, or the taking of any action by the Company which would directly or indirectly reduce any of such benefits or deprive the Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by him; (iv) the assignment to the Executive of duties and responsibilities that constitute a material diminution from those associated with his position on the Effective Date; or (v) a material diminution or reduction in the Executive s responsibilities or authority (including reporting responsibilities) in connection with his employment with the Company. (e) Just Cause shall mean the Executive s willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, conviction for a felony, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on the Executive s part shall be considered willful unless Executive has acted, or failed to act, with an absence of good faith and without a reasonable belief that Executive s action or failure to act was in the best interests of the Company. 2. Employment. The Executive is employed as Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company. The Executive shall render such administrative and management services for the Company and its subsidiaries as are currently rendered and as are customarily performed by persons situated in a similar executive capacity and consistent with the duties of a Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer as set forth in the Bylaws of the Company. The Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer in his role as Chief Legal Officer. The Executive shall report to the Board in his role as Chief Compliance Officer. The Executive shall also promote, by entertainment or otherwise, as and to the extent permitted by law, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Executive s other duties shall be such as the Chief Executive Officer or Board may from time to time reasonably direct, including normal duties as an officer of the Company. 3. Annual Base Compensation. The Company agrees to pay the Executive during the term of this Agreement a salary at the rate of 450,000 per annum, payable in cash not less frequently than monthly. 

3 4. Cash Bonuses. The Chief Executive Officer shall determine the Executive s right to receive cash bonuses. Cash bonuses shall be awarded annually based upon the Executive s and the Company s annual performance pursuant to the Company s policy. 5. Other Benefits. (a) Participation in Retirement, Medical and Other Plans. The Executive shall participate in any plan that the Company maintains for the benefit of its employees if the plan relates to (i) pension, profit-sharing, or other retirement benefits, (ii) medical insurance or the reimbursement of medical or dependent care expenses, or (iii) other group benefits, including disability and life insurance plans. (b) Executive Benefits; Expenses. The Executive shall participate in any fringe benefits which are or may become available to the Company s senior management Executives, including for example incentive compensation plans, club memberships, and any other benefits which are commensurate with the responsibilities and functions to be performed by the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which he shall incur in connection with his services under this Agreement upon substantiation of such expenses in accordance with the policies of the Company. 6. Term. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on March 1, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Section 11 (the Term ). 7. Loyalty; Noncompetition. (a) During the period of Executive s employment hereunder and except for illnesses, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, the Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s full business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of Executive s duties hereunder; provided, however, from time to time, Executive may serve on the boards of directors of, and hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, at the request of the Company or which will not present in the opinion of the Board any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor unfavorably affect the performance of Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement, nor violate any applicable statute or regulation. During the Term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business affairs or interests of the Company or its subsidiaries. (b) Nothing contained in this Paragraph 7 shall be deemed to prevent or limit the Executive s right to invest in the capital stock or other securities of any business dissimilar from that of the Company or, solely as a passive or minority investor, in any business, provided such investment does not: (i) constitute a conflict of interest, (ii) violate laws or regulations applicable to the Company, including, or (iii) violate any rules or polices promulgated by the Board. 8. Standards. The Executive shall perform his duties under this Agreement in accordance with such reasonable standards as the Chief Executive Officer may establish from time 

4 to time. The Company will provide Executive with the working facilities and staff customary for similar executives and necessary for him to perform his duties. 9. Paid Time Off. At such reasonable times according to Company policy the Executive shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment under this Agreement, all such voluntary absences to count as paid time off; provided that: (a) The Executive shall be entitled to annual paid time off in accordance with the policies that the Company periodically establishes for senior management Executives of the Company. (b) The Executive shall not receive any additional compensation from the Company on account of his failure to take paid time off, and the Executive shall not accumulate unused paid time off from one fiscal year to the next, except in either case to the extent authorized by the Chief Executive Officer. (c) In addition to the aforesaid paid vacations, the Executive shall be entitled to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment with the Company for such additional periods of time and for such valid and legitimate reasons as the Chief Executive Officer may in his discretion determine. Further, the Chief Executive Officer may grant to the Executive a leave or leaves of absence with or without pay. (d) In addition, the Executive shall be entitled to an annual sick leave benefit as established by the Company. 10. Indemnification. The Company shall, to the extent permitted by the Company s Bylaws, indemnify and hold harmless Executive from any and all loss, expense, or liability that he may incur due to his services for the Company as an officer and or a director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including any liability Executive may ever incur as the result of severance benefits Executive collects pursuant to Sections 11 or 13), during the full Term of this Agreement and shall at all times maintain adequate insurance for such purposes. 11. Termination and Termination Pay. Subject to Section 13 hereof, the Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated under the following circumstances: (a) Just Cause. The Chief Executive Officer may, based on a good faith determination and only after giving the Executive written notice and a reasonable opportunity to cure, immediately terminate the Executive s employment at any time, for Just Cause. The Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Just Cause. (b) Without Just Cause. The Chief Executive Officer may, by written notice to the Executive, immediately terminate Executive s employment for a reason other than Just Cause. In such event, the Executive shall be entitled to a total severance payment equal to one (1) times the sum of (i) Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of termination, plus (ii) the amount of all compensation paid to Executive under Section 4 hereof with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year (the Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment shall be 

5 paid in equal installments over a twelve (12) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll (the Installment Payments ). Each Installment Payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). (c) Resignation by Executive with Good Reason. The Executive may at any time immediately terminate employment for Good Reason, in which case the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment payable in the same manner and on the same basis as provided for under Section 11(b) herein upon a termination without Just Cause. In addition, the Executive will be entitled to health, life, disability and other benefits which the Executive would have been eligible to participate in through the expiration of the Term based on the benefit levels substantially equal to those that the Company provided for the Executive at the date of termination of employment, subject to any restrictions as may be required under Code Section 409A (d) Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Executive may voluntarily terminate employment with the Company during the term of this Agreement, upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer, in which case the Executive shall receive only his compensation, vested rights, and Executive benefits up to the date of Executive s last day of employment. (e) Death, or Disability. If the Executive s employment terminates during the Term of this Agreement due to Executive s death or a disability that results in Executive s collection of any long-term disability benefits, the Executive (or the beneficiaries of Executive s estate) shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits that the Executive would otherwise have become entitled to receive pursuant to subsection (d) hereof upon a resignation without Good Reason. (f) Non-Renewal Payment. If the Term of this Agreement is not extended for at least one (1) additional year in circumstances in which the Executive is willing and able to execute such extension and continue performing services (the Non-Renewal ), then the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company effective as of the expiration of the Term, in which event Executive shall be entitled to fifty percent (50 times the Severance Payment (the Non-Renewal Payment ). The Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in equal installments over the six (6) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll. However, if the Non- Renewal occurs following a Change in Control, the Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination of employment. (g) Acceleration of Equity Awards. All: (i) outstanding and unvested options to purchase Common Stock granted to Executive under any equity plan of the Company, (ii) unvested shares of restricted Common Stock awarded to the Executive under any equity plan of the Company, and (iii) other equity and equity equivalent awards then held by the Executive, shall be accelerated in full, and thereafter all such options, shares of restricted Common Stock and other equity awards shall be immediately vested and exercisable for such period of time as provided for by the specific agreements governing each such award, upon Executive s termination pursuant to Sections 11(b), (c), (e) or (f) hereof. 

6 12. No Mitigation. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to the Executive in any subsequent employment. 13. Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment is terminated following a Change of Control: (i) by the Company or its successor in interest for any reason other than Just Cause, or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executive shall be paid the Severance Payment in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination of employment. 14. Covenants. (a) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) Restrictive Period. The term Restrictive Period shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years after the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. (ii) Covered Customer. The term Covered Customer shall mean (A) during the Term, any customer, merchant, independent sales agency (ISA), independent sales organization (ISO), alliance partner, referral partner or any intermediary of the Company or its subsidiaries and (B) after the Term, as of the end of the Term, a Covered Customer of the Company or its subsidiaries within the prior three years. (iii) Covered Business. The term Covered Business shall mean (A) during the term, any business in which the Company is engaged and (B) after the Term, any business in which the Company was engaged as of the end of the Term. (iv) Covered State. The term Covered State shall mean (A) during the Term, any state in the United States and (B) after the Term, any state (1) in which, as of the end of the Term, the Company was engaged in business or (2) with respect to which the Company, as of the end of the Term, had expended material expense and/or efforts in connection with preparing to do business therein. (b) Non-Interference. The Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not at any time during the Restrictive Period for whatever reason, whether for Executive s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization: (i) interfere with contractual relationships between the Company or its subsidiaries and any of their Covered Customers or employees; (ii) hire, or solicit for hire, any person who is employed by the Company or its subsidiaries, without the express written consent of the Company; or (iii) other than on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, solicit any Covered Customer in connection with the engagement, by any person or entity, in any Covered Business in any Covered State. (c) Confidentiality. The Executive will not, at any time whether during or after his termination of employment, (i) disclose to anyone, without proper authorization from the 

7 Company, or (ii) use, for his or another s benefit, any confidential or proprietary information of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, which may include trade secrets, business plans or outlooks, financial data, marketing or sales programs, customer lists, brand formulations, training and operations manuals, products or price strategies, mergers, acquisitions, and/or Company personnel issues. (d) Blue Pencil; Equitable Relief. The provisions contained in this Section 14 as to the time periods, scope of activities, persons or entities affected, and territories restricted shall be deemed divisible so that if any provision contained in this Section is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the full extent lawfully permitted. The Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 14 are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and that the Company will be irrevocably damaged if such covenants are not specifically enforced. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that if he breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 14, the Company will be entitled (i) to damages sufficient to compensate the Company for any harm to the Company caused thereby and (ii) to specific performance and injunctive relief for the purpose of preventing the breach or threatened breach thereof without bond or other security or a showing that monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may be entitled under this Agreement. 15. Reimbursement for Litigation Expenses. In the event that any dispute arises between the Executive and the Company as to the terms or interpretation of this Agreement, whether instituted by formal legal proceedings or otherwise, including any action that the Executive takes to enforce the terms of this Agreement or to defend against any action taken by the Company, the Executive shall be reimbursed for all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from such dispute, proceedings or actions, provided that the Executive shall obtain a final judgement by a court of competent jurisdiction in favor of the Executive. Such reimbursement shall be paid within ten (10) days of Executive s furnishing to the Company written evidence, which may be in the form, among other things, of a cancelled check or receipt, of any costs or expenses incurred by the Executive. 16. Successors and Assigns. (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of the Company which shall acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise, all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Company. (b) Since the Company is contracting for the unique and personal skills of the Executive, the Executive shall be precluded from assigning or delegating his rights or duties hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the Company. 17. Corporate Authority. Company represents and warrants that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it has been duly and properly authorized by the Board and that when so executed and delivered this Agreement shall constitute the lawful and binding obligation of the Company. 

8 18. Amendments; Waiver. No amendments or additions to this Agreement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties, except as herein otherwise specifically provided. 19. Applicable Law. Except to the extent preempted by Federal law, the laws of the State of New York shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise. 20. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters addressed and shall supercede all previous agreements with respect to such matters. 22. Tax Matters. All payments or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition, the parties hereby agree that it is their intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement be exempt from, or if not so exempt, comply with, Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits made or provided under the Agreement are considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable on account of Employee s separation from service (but that do not meet an exemption under Code Section 409A, including without limitation the short term deferral or the separation pay plan exemption), such payments or benefits shall be paid no earlier than the date that is six (6) months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, will bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic, faxed or PDF copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. [signatures on following page] 

9 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first hereinabove written. NEWTEKONE, INC. By: Barry Sloane, Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE By: Michael A. Schwartz 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 7
 employmentagreementnicho.htm
 EX-10.22

employmentagreementnicho 

NEWTEKONE, INC. _____________________________ EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH NICHOLAS J. LEGER _____________________________ PREAMBLE. This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of the 1st day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between NEWTEKONE, INC. (the Company and NICHOLAS J. LEGER (the Executive ). WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and WHEREAS, the parties desire by this writing to set forth the employment relationship of the Company and the Executive as of the Effective Date. NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows: 1. Defined Terms When used anywhere in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth herein. (a) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (b) Change in Control shall mean any one of the following events: (i) the acquisition of ownership, holding or power to vote more than 25 of the Company s voting shares by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (ii) the acquisition of the ability to control the election of a majority of the Board by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (iii) the acquisition of a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Company by any person or by persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or (iv) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals (the Continuing Directors who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board (the Existing Board cease for any reason to constitute at least two- thirds thereof, provided that any individual whose election or nomination for election as a member of the Existing Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Continuing Directors then in office shall be considered a Continuing Director. For purposes of defining Change in Control, the term person refers to an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, association, joint venture, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control as defined in this Section 1(b) shall not be treated as a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement unless it constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (the Treasury Regulations ). 

2 (c) Common Stock shall mean shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.02 per share. (d) Good Reason shall mean any of the following events, which has not been consented to in advance by the Executive in writing during the term of the Agreement: (i) the requirement that the Executive move his personal residence, or perform his principal executive functions, more than fifty (50) miles from his primary office as of the Effective Date; (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s Annual Base Compensation as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the failure by the Company to continue to provide the Executive with compensation and benefits provided for on the Effective Date, as the same may be increased from time to time, or with benefits substantially similar to those provided to him under any of the Executive benefit plans in which the Executive now or hereafter becomes a participant, or the taking of any action by the Company which would directly or indirectly reduce any of such benefits or deprive the Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by him; (iv) the assignment to the Executive of duties and responsibilities that constitute a material diminution from those associated with his position on the Effective Date; or (v) a material diminution or reduction in the Executive s responsibilities or authority (including reporting responsibilities) in connection with his employment with the Company. (e) Just Cause shall mean the Executive s willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, conviction for a felony, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on the Executive s part shall be considered willful unless Executive has acted, or failed to act, with an absence of good faith and without a reasonable belief that Executive s action or failure to act was in the best interests of the Company. 2. Employment. The Executive is to be employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. The Executive shall render such administrative and management services for the Company, its subsidiaries as are currently rendered and as are customarily performed by persons situated in a similar executive capacity and consistent with the duties of a Chief Accounting Officer as set forth in the Bylaws of the Company. The Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer in his role as Chief Accounting Officer. The Executive shall also report to the Audit Committee of the Board. The Executive shall also promote, by entertainment or otherwise, as and to the extent permitted by law, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Executive s other duties shall be such as the Chief Executive Officer or Board may from time to time reasonably direct, including normal duties as an officer of the Company. 3. Annual Base Compensation. The Company agrees to pay the Executive during the term of this Agreement a salary at the rate of 400,000 per annum, payable in cash not less frequently than monthly. 

3 4. Cash Bonuses. The Chief Executive Officer shall determine the Executive s right to receive cash bonuses. Cash bonuses shall be awarded annually based upon the Executive s and the Company s annual performance pursuant to the Company s policy. 5. Other Benefits. (a) Participation in Retirement, Medical and Other Plans. The Executive shall participate in any plan that the Company maintains for the benefit of its employees if the plan relates to (i) pension, profit-sharing, or other retirement benefits, (ii) medical insurance or the reimbursement of medical or dependent care expenses, or (iii) other group benefits, including disability and life insurance plans. (b) Executive Benefits; Expenses. The Executive shall participate in any fringe benefits which are or may become available to the Company s senior management Executives, including for example incentive compensation plans, club memberships, and any other benefits which are commensurate with the responsibilities and functions to be performed by the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which he shall incur in connection with his services under this Agreement upon substantiation of such expenses in accordance with the policies of the Company. 6. Term. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on March 1, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Section 11 (the Term ). 7. Loyalty; Noncompetition. (a) During the period of Executive s employment hereunder and except for illnesses, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, the Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s full business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of Executive s duties hereunder; provided, however, from time to time, Executive may serve on the boards of directors of, and hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, at the request of the Company or which will not present in the opinion of the Board any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor unfavorably affect the performance of Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement, nor violate any applicable statute or regulation. During the Term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business affairs or interests of the Company or its subsidiaries. (b) Nothing contained in this Paragraph 7 shall be deemed to prevent or limit the Executive s right to invest in the capital stock or other securities of any business dissimilar from that of the Company or, solely as a passive or minority investor, in any business, provided such investment does not: (i) constitute a conflict of interest, (ii) violate laws or regulations applicable to the Company, or (iii) violate any rules or polices promulgated by the Board. 8. Standards. The Executive shall perform his duties under this Agreement in accordance with such reasonable standards as the Chief Executive Officer may establish from time 

4 to time. The Company will provide Executive with the working facilities and staff customary for similar executives and necessary for him to perform his duties. 9. Paid Time Off. At such reasonable times according to Company policy the Executive shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment under this Agreement, all such voluntary absences to count as paid time off; provided that: (a) The Executive shall be entitled to paid time offin accordance with the policies that the Company periodically establishes for senior management executives of the Company. (b) The Executive shall not receive any additional compensation from the Company on account of his failure to take paid time off, and the Executive shall not accumulate unused paid time off from one fiscal year to the next, except in either case to the extent authorized by the Chief Executive Officer. (c) In addition to the aforesaid paid vacations, the Executive shall be entitled to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment with the Company for such additional periods of time and for such valid and legitimate reasons as the Chief Executive Officer may in his discretion determine. Further, the Chief Executive Officer may grant to the Executive a leave or leaves of absence with or without pay. (d) In addition, the Executive shall be entitled to an annual sick leave benefit as established by the Company. 10. Indemnification. The Company shall, to the extent permitted by the Company s Bylaws, indemnify and hold harmless Executive from any and all loss, expense, or liability that he may incur due to his services for the Company as an officer and or a director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including any liability Executive may ever incur as the result of severance benefits Executive collects pursuant to Sections 11 or 13), during the full Term of this Agreement and shall at all times maintain adequate insurance for such purposes. 11. Termination and Termination Pay. Subject to Section 13 hereof, the Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated under the following circumstances: (a) Just Cause. The Chief Executive Officer may, based on a good faith determination and only after giving the Executive written notice and a reasonable opportunity to cure, immediately terminate the Executive s employment at any time, for Just Cause. The Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Just Cause. (b) Without Just Cause. The Chief Executive Officer may, by written notice to the Executive, immediately terminate Executive s employment for a reason other than Just Cause. In such event, the Executive shall be entitled to a total severance payment equal to one (1) times the sum of (i) Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of termination, plus (ii) the amount of all compensation paid to Executive under Section 4 hereof with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year (the Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment shall be 

5 paid in equal installments over a twelve (12) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll (the Installment Payments ). Each Installment Payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). (c) Resignation by Executive with Good Reason. The Executive may at any time immediately terminate employment for Good Reason, in which case the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment payable in the same manner and on the same basis as provided for under Section 11(b) herein upon a termination without Just Cause. In addition, the Executive will be entitled to health, life, disability and other benefits which the Executive would have been eligible to participate in through the expiration of the Term based on the benefit levels substantially equal to those that the Company provided for the Executive at the date of termination of employment, subject to any restrictions as may be required under Code Section 409A (d) Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Executive may voluntarily terminate employment with the Company during the term of this Agreement, upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer, in which case the Executive shall receive only his compensation, vested rights, and Executive benefits up to the date of Executive s last day of employment. (e) Death, or Disability. If the Executive s employment terminates during the Term of this Agreement due to Executive s death or a disability that results in Executive s collection of any long-term disability benefits, the Executive (or the beneficiaries of Executive s estate) shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits that the Executive would otherwise have become entitled to receive pursuant to subsection (d) hereof upon a resignation without Good Reason. (f) Non-Renewal Payment. If the Term of this Agreement is not extended for at least one (1) additional year in circumstances in which the Executive is willing and able to execute such extension and continue performing services (the Non-Renewal ), then the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company effective as of the expiration of the Term, in which event Executive shall be entitled to fifty percent (50 times the Severance Payment (the Non-Renewal Payment ). The Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in equal installments over the six (6) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll. However, if the Non- Renewal occurs following a Change in Control, the Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination of employment. (g) Acceleration of Equity Awards. All: (i) outstanding and unvested options to purchase Common Stock granted to Executive under any equity plan of the Company, (ii) unvested shares of restricted Common Stock awarded to the Executive under any equity plan of the Company, and (iii) other equity and equity equivalent awards then held by the Executive, shall be accelerated in full, and thereafter all such options, shares of restricted Common Stock and other equity awards shall be immediately vested and exercisable for such period of time as provided for by the specific agreements governing each such award, upon Executive s termination pursuant to Sections 11(b), (c), (e) or (f) hereof. 

6 12. No Mitigation. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to the Executive in any subsequent employment. 13. Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment is terminated following a Change of Control: (i) by the Company or its successor in interest for any reason other than Just Cause, or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executive shall be paid the Severance Payment in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination of employment. 14. Covenants. (a) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) Restrictive Period. The term Restrictive Period shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years after the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. (ii) Covered Customer. The term Covered Customer shall mean (A) during the Term, any customer, merchant, independent sales agency (ISA), independent sales organization (ISO), alliance partner, referral partner or any intermediary of the Company or its subsidiaries and (B) after the Term, as of the end of the Term, a Covered Customer of the Company or its subsidiarieswithin the prior three years. (iii) Covered Business. The term Covered Business shall mean (A) during the term, any business in which the Company is engaged and (B) after the Term, any business in which the Company was engaged as of the end of the Term. (iv) Covered State. The term Covered State shall mean (A) during the Term, any state in the United States and (B) after the Term, any state (1) in which, as of the end of the Term, the Company was engaged in business or (2) with respect to which the Company, as of the end of the Term, had expended material expense and/or efforts in connection with preparing to do business therein. (b) Non-Interference. The Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not at any time during the Restrictive Period for whatever reason, whether for Executive s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization: (i) interfere with contractual relationships between the Company or its subsidiaries and any of their Covered Customers or employees; (ii) hire, or solicit for hire, any person who is employed by the Company or its subsidiaries, without the express written consent of the Company; or (iii) other than on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, solicit any Covered Customer in connection with the engagement, by any person or entity, in any Covered Business in any Covered State. (c) Confidentiality. The Executive will not, at any time whether during or after his termination of employment, (i) disclose to anyone, without proper authorization from the 

7 Company, or (ii) use, for his or another s benefit, any confidential or proprietary information of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, which may include trade secrets, business plans or outlooks, financial data, marketing or sales programs, customer lists, brand formulations, training and operations manuals, products or price strategies, mergers, acquisitions, and/or Company personnel issues. (d) Blue Pencil; Equitable Relief. The provisions contained in this Section 14 as to the time periods, scope of activities, persons or entities affected and territories restricted shall be deemed divisible so that if any provision contained in this Section is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the full extent lawfully permitted. The Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 14 are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and that the Company will be irrevocably damaged if such covenants are not specifically enforced. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that if he breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 14, the Company will be entitled (i) to damages sufficient to compensate the Company for any harm to the Company caused thereby and (ii) to specific performance and injunctive relief for the purpose of preventing the breach or threatened breach thereof without bond or other security or a showing that monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may be entitled under this Agreement. 15. Reimbursement for Litigation Expenses. In the event that any dispute arises between the Executive and the Company as to the terms or interpretation of this Agreement, whether instituted by formal legal proceedings or otherwise, including any action that the Executive takes to enforce the terms of this Agreement or to defend against any action taken by the Company, the Executive shall be reimbursed for all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from such dispute, proceedings or actions, provided that the Executive shall obtain a final judgement by a court of competent jurisdiction in favor of the Executive. Such reimbursement shall be paid within ten (10) days of Executive s furnishing to the Company written evidence, which may be in the form, among other things, of a cancelled check or receipt, of any costs or expenses incurred by the Executive. 16. Successors and Assigns. (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of the Company which shall acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise, all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Company. (b) Since the Company is contracting for the unique and personal skills of the Executive, the Executive shall be precluded from assigning or delegating his rights or duties hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the Company. 17. Corporate Authority. Company represents and warrants that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it has been duly and properly authorized by the Board and that when so executed and delivered this Agreement shall constitute the lawful and binding obligation of the Company. 

8 18. Amendments; Waiver. No amendments or additions to this Agreement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties, except as herein otherwise specifically provided. 19. Applicable Law. Except to the extent preempted by Federal law, the laws of the State of New York shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise. 20. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters addressed and shall supercede all previous agreements with respect to such matters. 22. Tax Matters. All payments or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition, the parties hereby agree that it is their intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement be exempt from, or if not so exempt, comply with, Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits made or provided under the Agreement are considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable on account of Employee s separation from service (but that do not meet an exemption under Code Section 409A, including without limitation the short term deferral or the separation pay plan exemption), such payments or benefits shall be paid no earlier than the date that is six (6) months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, will bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic, faxed or PDF copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. [signatures on following page] 

9 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first hereinabove written. NEWTEKONE. INC. By: Barry Sloane, Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE By: Nicholas J. Leger 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 8
 employmentagreementpeter.htm
 EX-10.23

employmentagreementpeter 

NEWTEK SMALL BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC _____________________________ EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH PETER DOWNS _____________________________ PREAMBLE. This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of the 1st day of March 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between NEWTEK SMALL BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC (the Company and PETER DOWNS (the Executive ). WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company as President; and WHEREAS, the Company is a wholly owned consolidated subsidiary of NewtekOne, Inc. Parent and Executive serves as Chief Lending Officer of Parent; and WHEREAS, the parties desire by this writing to set forth the employment relationship of the Company and the Executive as of the Effective Date. NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows: 1. Defined Terms When used anywhere in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth herein. (a) Board shall mean the Board of Managers of the Company. (b) Change in Control shall mean any one of the following events: (i) the acquisition of ownership, holding or power to vote more than 25 of Company s or Parent s voting shares by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (ii) the acquisition of the ability to control the election of a majority of the Company s Board or Parent board of directors Parent Board by any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), (iii) the acquisition of a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Company by any person or by persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or (iv) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals (the Continuing Directors who at the beginning of such period constitute the Parent Board (the Existing Board cease for any reason to constitute at least two-thirds thereof, provided that any individual whose election or nomination for election as a member of the Existing Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Continuing Directors then in office shall be considered a Continuing Director. For purposes of defining Change in Control, the term person refers to an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, association, joint venture, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control as defined in this Section 1(b) shall not be treated as a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement unless it constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) of the 

2 Treasury Regulations promulgated under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (the Treasury Regulations ). (c) Common Stock shall mean shares of Parent s common stock, par value 0.02 per share. (d) Good Reason shall mean any of the following events, which has not been consented to in advance by the Executive in writing during the term of the Agreement: (i) the requirement that the Executive move his personal residence, or perform his principal executive functions, more than fifty (50) miles from his primary office as of the Effective Date; (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s Annual Base Compensation as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the failure by the Company to continue to provide the Executive with compensation and benefits provided for on the Effective Date, as the same may be increased from time to time, or with benefits substantially similar to those provided to him under any of the Executive benefit plans in which the Executive now or hereafter becomes a participant, or the taking of any action by the Company which would directly or indirectly reduce any of such benefits or deprive the Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by him; (iv) the assignment to the Executive of duties and responsibilities that constitute a material diminution from those associated with his position on the Effective Date; or (v) a material diminution or reduction in the Executive s responsibilities or authority (including reporting responsibilities) in connection with his employment with the Company. (e) Just Cause shall mean the Executive s willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, conviction for a felony, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on the Executive s part shall be considered willful unless Executive has acted, or failed to act, with an absence of good faith and without a reasonable belief that Executive s action or failure to act was in the best interests of the Company. 2. Employment. The Executive is employed as President of the Company. The Executive shall render such administrative and management services for the Company, its Parent and Parent s subsidiaries as are currently rendered and as are customarily performed by persons situated in a similar executive capacity and consistent with the duties of a President as set forth in the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company. The Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board. The Executive shall also promote, by entertainment or otherwise, as and to the extent permitted by law, the business of the Company and its Parent and subsidiaries. The Executive s other duties shall be such as the Chief Executive Officer or Board may from time to time reasonably direct, including normal duties as an officer of the Company. 3. Annual Base Compensation. The Company agrees to pay the Executive during the term of this Agreement a salary at the rate of 625,000 per annum, payable in cash not less frequently than monthly. 

3 4. Cash Bonuses. The Chief Executive Officer shall determine the Executive s right to receive cash bonuses. Cash bonuses shall be awarded annually based upon the Executive s and the Company s annual performance pursuant to the Company s policy. 5. Other Benefits. (a) Participation in Retirement, Medical and Other Plans. The Executive shall participate in any plan that the Company maintains for the benefit of its employees if the plan relates to (i) pension, profit-sharing, or other retirement benefits, (ii) medical insurance or the reimbursement of medical or dependent care expenses, or (iii) other group benefits, including disability and life insurance plans. (b) Executive Benefits; Expenses. The Executive shall participate in any fringe benefits which are or may become available to the Company s senior management executives, including for example incentive compensation plans, club memberships, and any other benefits which are commensurate with the responsibilities and functions to be performed by the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which he shall incur in connection with his services under this Agreement upon substantiation of such expenses in accordance with the policies of the Company. 6. Term. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on March 1, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Section 11 (the Term ). 7. Loyalty; Noncompetition. (a) During the period of Executive s employment hereunder and except for illnesses, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, the Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s full business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of Executive s duties hereunder; provided, however, from time to time, Executive may serve on the boards of directors of, and hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, at the request of the Company or Parent, or which will not present in the opinion of the Board any conflict of interest with the Company, Parent and any of Parent s subsidiaries, nor unfavorably affect the performance of Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement, nor violate any applicable statute or regulation. During the Term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall not engage in any business or activity contrary to the business affairs or interests of the Company or Parent or Parent s subsidiaries. (b) Nothing contained in this Paragraph 7 shall be deemed to prevent or limit the Executive s right to invest in the capital stock or other securities of any business dissimilar from that of the Company or Parent, or, solely as a passive or minority investor, in any business, provided such investment does not: (i) constitute a conflict of interest, (ii) violate laws or regulations applicable to the Company or Parent or (iii) violate any rules or polices promulgated by the Board. 8. Standards. The Executive shall perform his duties under this Agreement in accordance with such reasonable standards as the Chief Executive Officer may establish from time 

4 to time. The Company will provide Executive with the working facilities and staff customary for similar executives and necessary for him to perform his duties. 9. Paid Time Off. At such reasonable times according to Company policy the Executive shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment under this Agreement, all such voluntary absences to count as paid time off; provided that: (a) The Executive shall be entitled to an annual paid time off in accordance with the policies that the Company periodically establishes for senior management executives of the Company. (b) The Executive shall not receive any additional compensation from the Company on account of his failure to take paid time off, and the Executive shall not accumulate unused paid time off from one fiscal year to the next, except in either case to the extent authorized by the Chief Executive Officer. (c) In addition to the aforesaid paid vacations, the Executive shall be entitled to absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment with the Company for such additional periods of time and for such valid and legitimate reasons as the Chief Executive Officer may in his discretion determine. Further, the Chief Executive Officer may grant to the Executive a leave or leaves of absence with or without pay. (d) In addition, the Executive shall be entitled to an annual sick leave benefit as established by the Company. 10. Indemnification. The Company and Parent shall, to the extent permitted by the Company s Operating Agreement and Parent s Bylaws, indemnify and hold harmless Executive from any and all loss, expense, or liability that he may incur due to his services for the Company as an officer and or a director of the Company, Parent or any Parent s subsidiaries (including any liability Executive may ever incur as the result of severance benefits Executive collects pursuant to Sections 11 or 13), during the full Term of this Agreement and shall at all times maintain adequate insurance for such purposes. 11. Termination and Termination Pay. Subject to Section 13 hereof, the Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated under the following circumstances: (a) Just Cause. The Chief Executive Officer may, based on a good faith determination and only after giving the Executive written notice and a reasonable opportunity to cure, immediately terminate the Executive s employment at any time, for Just Cause. The Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Just Cause. (b) Without Just Cause. The Chief Executive Officer may, by written notice to the Executive, immediately terminate Executive s employment for a reason other than Just Cause. In such event, the Executive shall be entitled to a total severance payment equal to one (1) times the sum of (i) Executive s Annual Base Compensation in effect at the time of termination, plus (ii) the amount of all compensation paid to Executive under Section 4 hereof with respect to the 

5 immediately preceding fiscal year (the Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment shall be paid in equal installments over a twelve (12) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll (the Installment Payments ). Each Installment Payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). (c) Resignation by Executive with Good Reason. The Executive may at any time immediately terminate employment for Good Reason, in which case the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment payable in the same manner and on the same basis as provided for under Section 11(b) herein upon a termination without Just Cause. In addition, the Executive will be entitled to health, life, disability and other benefits which the Executive would have been eligible to participate in through the expiration of the Term based on the benefit levels substantially equal to those that the Company provided for the Executive at the date of termination of employment, subject to any restrictions as may be required under Code Section 409A (d) Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Executive may voluntarily terminate employment with the Company during the term of this Agreement, upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer, in which case the Executive shall receive only his compensation, vested rights, and Executive benefits up to the date of Executive s last day of employment. (e) Death, or Disability. If the Executive s employment terminates during the Term of this Agreement due to Executive s death or a disability that results in Executive s collection of any long-term disability benefits, the Executive (or the beneficiaries of Executive s estate) shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits that the Executive would otherwise have become entitled to receive pursuant to subsection (d) hereof upon a resignation without Good Reason. (f) Non-Renewal Payment. If the Term of this Agreement is not extended for at least one (1) additional year in circumstances in which the Executive is willing and able to execute such extension and continue performing services (the Non-Renewal ), then the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company effective as of the expiration of the Term, in which event Executive shall be entitled to fifty percent (50 times the Severance Payment (the Non-Renewal Payment ). The Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in equal installments over the six (6) month period following the Executive s termination of employment, payable in accordance with the Company s regularly scheduled payroll. However, if the Non- Renewal occurs following a Change in Control, the Non-Renewal Payment shall be paid in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination of employment. (g) Acceleration of Equity Awards. All: (i) outstanding and unvested options to purchase Common Stock granted to Executive under any equity plan of the Parent, (ii) unvested shares of restricted Common Stock awarded to the Executive under any equity plan of the Parent, and (iii) other equity and equity equivalent awards then held by the Executive, shall be accelerated in full, and thereafter all such options, shares of restricted Common Stock and other equity awards shall be immediately vested and exercisable for such period of time as provided for by the specific agreements governing each such award, upon Executive s termination pursuant to Sections 11(b), (c), (e) or (f) hereof. 

6 12. No Mitigation. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to the Executive in any subsequent employment. 13. Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment is terminated following a Change of Control: (i) by the Company or its successor in interest for any reason other than Just Cause, or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executive shall be paid the Severance Payment in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination of employment. 14. Covenants. (a) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) Restrictive Period. The term Restrictive Period shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years after the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. (ii) Covered Customer. The term Covered Customer shall mean (A) during the Term, any customer, merchant, independent sales agency (ISA), independent sales organization (ISO), alliance partner, referral partner or any intermediary of the Company or Parent or Parent s subsidiaries and (B) after the Term, as of the end of the Term, a Covered Customer of the Company or Parent or Parent s subsidiaries within the prior three years. (iii) Covered Business. The term Covered Business shall mean (A) during the term, any business in which the Company is engaged and (B) after the Term, any business in which the Company was engaged as of the end of the Term. (iv) Covered State. The term Covered State shall mean (A) during the Term, any state in the United States and (B) after the Term, any state (1) in which, as of the end of the Term, the Company was engaged in business or (2) with respect to which the Company, as of the end of the Term, had expended material expense and/or efforts in connection with preparing to do business therein. (b) Non-Interference. The Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not at any time during the Restrictive Period for whatever reason, whether for Executive s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization: (i) interfere with contractual relationships between the Company or Parent or Parent s subsidiaries and any of their Covered Customers or employees; (ii) hire, or solicit for hire, any person who is employed by the Company or Parent or Parent s subsidiaries, without the express written consent of the Company or Parent; or (iii) other than on behalf of the Company or Parent or Parent s subsidiaries, solicit any Covered Customer in connection with the engagement, by any person or entity, in any Covered Business in any Covered State. 

7 (c) Confidentiality. The Executive will not, at any time whether during or after his termination of employment, (i) disclose to anyone, without proper authorization from the Company or Parent, or (ii) use, for his or another s benefit, any confidential or proprietary information of the Company or Parent or any subsidiary of Parent, which may include trade secrets, business plans or outlooks, financial data, marketing or sales programs, customer lists, brand formulations, training and operations manuals, products or price strategies, mergers, acquisitions, and/or Company or Parent personnel issues. (d) Blue Pencil; Equitable Relief. The provisions contained in this Section 14 as to the time periods, scope of activities, persons or entities affected and territories restricted shall be deemed divisible so that if any provision contained in this Section is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the full extent lawfully permitted. The Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 14 are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and that the Company will be irrevocably damaged if such covenants are not specifically enforced. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that if he breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 14, the Company will be entitled (i) to damages sufficient to compensate the Company for any harm to the Company caused thereby and (ii) to specific performance and injunctive relief for the purpose of preventing the breach or threatened breach thereof without bond or other security or a showing that monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may be entitled under this Agreement. 15. Reimbursement for Litigation Expenses. In the event that any dispute arises between the Executive and the Company as to the terms or interpretation of this Agreement, whether instituted by formal legal proceedings or otherwise, including any action that the Executive takes to enforce the terms of this Agreement or to defend against any action taken by the Company, the Executive shall be reimbursed for all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from such dispute, proceedings or actions, provided that the Executive shall obtain a final judgement by a court of competent jurisdiction in favor of the Executive. Such reimbursement shall be paid within ten (10) days of Executive s furnishing to the Company written evidence, which may be in the form, among other things, of a cancelled check or receipt, of any costs or expenses incurred by the Executive. 16. Successors and Assigns. (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of the Company or Parent which shall acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise, all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Company. (b) Since the Company is contracting for the unique and personal skills of the Executive, the Executive shall be precluded from assigning or delegating his rights or duties hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the Company. 17. Corporate Authority. Company and Parent represent and warrant that the execution and delivery of this Agreement has been duly and properly authorized by their respective Board 

8 and board of directors and that when so executed and delivered by them that this Agreement shall constitute the lawful and binding obligations of the Company and Parent. 18. Amendments; Waiver. No amendments or additions to this Agreement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties, except as herein otherwise specifically provided. 19. Applicable Law. Except to the extent preempted by Federal law, the laws of the State of New York shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise. 20. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters addressed and shall supercede all previous agreements with respect to such matters. 22. Tax Matters. All payments or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition, the parties hereby agree that it is their intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement be exempt from, or if not so exempt, comply with, Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits made or provided under the Agreement are considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable on account of Employee s separation from service (but that do not meet an exemption under Code Section 409A, including without limitation the short term deferral or the separation pay plan exemption), such payments or benefits shall be paid no earlier than the date that is six (6) months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, will bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic, faxed or PDF copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. [signatures on following page] 

9 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first hereinabove written. NEWTEK SMALL BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC By: Barry Sloane, Chief Executive Officer NEWTEKONE, INC. By: Barry Sloane, Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE By: Peter Downs 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 newt-123122exh211listofsubs.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

NEWTEKONE INC. SUBSIDIARIES Name of Company State of Incorporation Organization CCC Real Estate Holdings, LLC Delaware Exponential Business Development Co., Inc. New York NBSH Holdings, LLC New York Newtek Asset Backed Securities, LLC New York Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc. (surviving entity of January 2021 merger with Newtek Business Services Holdco 2, Inc.) New York Newtek Business Services Holdco 3, Inc. New York Newtek Business Services Holdco 4, Inc. New York Newtek Business Services Holdco 5, Inc. (formerly Banc Serv Acquisition Co, Inc.) New York Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. Florida Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. New York Newtek LSP Holdco, LLC New York Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC New York The Whitestone Group, LLC New York Wilshire DC Partners, LLC District of Columbia Wilshire Holdings I, Inc. New York Wilshire Louisiana Bidco, LLC Louisiana Wilshire Louisiana Partners II, LLC Louisiana Wilshire Louisiana Partners III, LLC Louisiana Wilshire Louisiana Partners IV, LLC Louisiana Wilshire New York Partners III, LLC New York Wilshire Partners, LLC Florida 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 a231consentofindependent.htm
 EX-23.1

a231consentofindependent 

1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. of our reports dated March 15, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the consolidated financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. We also consent to the incorporation by reference in such Registration Statement of our report dated March 15, 2023, relating to the senior securities table, appearing in Part II, Item 5 of the Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the headings Senior Securities in the Form 10-K and Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in such Registration Statement on Form S-3. /s/ RSM US LLP Hartford, Connecticut March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 11
 nmsconsentletter31523.htm
 EX-23.2

nmsconsentletter31523 

An Independent Member of Urbach Hacker Young International CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR We consent to the inclusion on Form 10-K of our reports dated March 1, 2023 and February 24, 2022 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBSH Holdings LLC, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and for the years then ended. Melville, NY March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 12
 nblconsentofindependenta.htm
 EX-23.3

nblconsentofindependenta 

1 Consent of Independent Auditor We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. of our reports dated March 15, 2023 and April 29, 2022 relating to the financial statements of Newtek Business Lending, LLC, and Subsidiaries, appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10- K of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ RSM US LLP Hartford, Connecticut March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 newt-123122xexh311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Barry Sloane, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NewtekOne, Inc. (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 S BARRY SLOANE Barry Sloane Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 newt-123122xexh312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Nicholas Leger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NewtekOne, Inc. (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 S NICHOLAS LEGER Nicholas Leger Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 newt-123122xexh321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of NewtekOne, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Barry Sloane, as Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 S BARRY SLOANE Barry Sloane, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 newt-123122xexh322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of NewtekOne, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Nicholas Leger, as Principal Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 S NICHOLAS LEGER Nicholas Leger, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 17
 nmsdecemeber312022financ.htm
 EX-99.1

nmsdecemeber312022financ 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary (A Wholly-owned Subsidiary of NBSH Holdings, LLC Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Auditor s Report December 31, 2022 

Page: Independent Auditor s Report 1-2 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheet 3 Consolidated Statement of Income 4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Member's Equity 5 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 7-13 Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Index Year Ended December 31, 2022 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Opinion We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary NMS ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBSH Holdings LLC, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statement of income, changes in member s equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2022, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Responsibility of Management s for the Consolidated Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. Auditor s Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements, including omissions, are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements. 1 

In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that we identified during the audit. Melville, New York March 1, 2023 2 

Cash 2,528,484 Accounts receivable 3,886,402 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 419,789 Inventory 120,086 Total current assets 6,954,761 Fixed assets, net 325,819 Restricted cash 524,670 Customer merchant accounts, net 163,209 Due from related parties 9,170 Notes receivable - related party 24,250,000 Goodwill 13,813,812 Total assets 46,041,441 Liabilities and Member's Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,268,079 Residuals payable 1,247,969 Chargeback reserves 290,778 Due to related parties 463,053 Bank notes payable, current 2,990,325 Total current liabilities 7,260,204 Bank notes payable, long-term, net (Note 7) 36,498,692 Total liabilities 43,758,896 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Member's equity 2,282,545 Total liabilities and member's equity 46,041,441 Current assets: See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31, 2022 3 

2022 Revenues Electronic payment processing 41,872,284 Expenses Electronic payment processing costs 18,374,104 Salaries and benefits 7,305,399 Professional fees 451,496 Depreciation and amortization 533,432 Other general and administrative costs 1,465,574 Total expenses 28,130,005 Income from operations 13,742,279 Interest expense, net (1,292,391) Interest income - related parties 546,489 Total other expenses (745,902) Net income 12,996,377 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Income December 31, 2022 4 

Member s Equity Balance - January 1, 2022 7,920,517 Net income 12,996,377 Distributions (18,734,349) Contributions from member 100,000 Member's equity - December 31, 2022 2,282,545 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Changes in Member's Equity December 31, 2022 5 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows December 31, 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 12,996,377 Depreciation and amortization 533,432 Amortization of deferred financing costs 154,908 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (633,461) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (227,297) Inventory 200,557 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 177,669 Due to/from related parties 263,066 Net cash provided by operating activities 13,465,251 Cash flows from investing activities: (12,800,000) (57,143) 257,143 Net drawdowns from related party note Purchase of investment Sale of investment to Parent at cost Purchase of fixed assets (81,252) Net cash used in investing activities (12,681,252) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid to shareholder (18,734,349) Contribution from member 100,000 Proceeds from term loan 19,308,500 Principal payments to Webster Bank (4,812,500) Additions to deferred financing costs (265,264) Net cash used in financing activities (4,403,613) Net decrease in cash and restricted cash (3,619,614) Cash and restricted cash - beginning of year 6,672,768 Cash and restricted cash - end of year 3,053,154 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activities: Interest paid 867,648 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 6 

1. Organization, Basis of Presentation and Description of Business Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC NMS was organized as a limited liability company LLC under the laws of the State of Wisconsin and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBSH Holdings, LLC NBSH ). NBSH was organized on November 1, 2018 under the laws of the State of New York and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc. Holdco which was incorporated on June 5, 2015 under the laws of the State of New York and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp. Newtek ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NMS and its wholly-owned subsidiary, UPSWI Sales UPS Sales ), which are collectively hereinafter referred to as the Company . All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in these consolidated financial statements. The Company markets credit and debit card processing services, check approval services and ancillary processing equipment and software to merchants who accept credit cards, debit cards, checks and other noncash forms of payment. 2. Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to the determination of the reserve for chargeback losses. Financial Instruments The Company s financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, notes receivable from related party, accounts payable, residuals payable, line of credit and bank notes payable. The carrying amount of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and residuals payable approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. The carrying amounts of notes receivable from related party, line of credit and bank notes payable approximate fair value due to the variable interest rate they carry. Cash Invested cash is held exclusively at financial institutions of high credit quality. As of December 31, 2022, cash deposits in excess of insured amounts totaled approximately 1,994,000. Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 7 

Restricted Cash Under the terms of the processing agreements between NMS and its processing banks, NMS maintains cash accounts as reserves against chargeback losses. As the Company receives fees from the processing bank, a certain percentage is allocated to the cash reserve account. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows at December 31, 2022. Cash 2,528,484 Restricted cash 524,670 Total cash and restricted cash 3,053,154 Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable represent amounts owed to the Company by third parties for electronic payment processing and related residuals. The Company estimates losses on accounts receivable based on known troubled accounts and historical experience of losses incurred. The Company determined no reserve for uncollectible accounts was necessary at December 31, 2022. Inventory Inventory consists primarily of equipment to be installed in merchant locations to enable the merchants to process electronic transactions. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is determined on a FIFO (first in-first out) basis. Fixed Assets Fixed assets, which are comprised of terminals, software, telephone systems, computer equipment, automobile, website and leasehold improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of fixed assets is provided on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related assets ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is provided on a straight-line basis using the lesser of the useful life of the asset, which is generally three to five years, or lease term. Software Development Costs The Company capitalizes certain software development costs for internal use. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred, while application stage projects are capitalized. The latter costs are typically employee and/or consulting services directly associated with the development of the internal use software. Software and website costs are included in fixed assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amortization commences once the software and website costs are ready for their intended use and are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life, typically three years. Goodwill and Customer Merchant Accounts Goodwill is an indefinite lived asset, which is not amortized and is instead subject to impairment testing, at least annually. Customer merchant accounts with finite lives are amortized over an estimated useful life of 30 or 66 months (See Note 5). The Company considers the following to be some examples of indicators that may trigger an impairment review outside of its annual impairment review: (i) significant under-performance or loss of key contracts acquired in an acquisition relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner or use of the acquired assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s fair value for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes. In assessing the recoverability of the Company s goodwill and customer merchant accounts, the Company must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These include estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the Company, the period over which cash flows will occur, and determination of the Company s cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and conclusions on impairment. Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 8 

Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the Company applies the following five steps:Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the Company applies the following five steps: 1. Identify the contract with a customer 2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract 3. Determine the transaction price 4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 5. Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation Revenue is recognized net of taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. Revenue is primarily derived from electronic payment processing and related fee income. Electronic payment processing and fee income Electronic payment processing and fee income is derived from the electronic processing of credit and debit card transactions that are authorized and captured through third-party networks. Typically, merchants are charged for these processing services by applying a percentage to the dollar amount of each transaction plus a flat fee per transaction. Certain merchant customers are charged miscellaneous fees, including fees for handling charge-backs or returns, monthly minimum fees, statement fees and fees for other miscellaneous services. Revenues derived from the electronic processing of MasterCard , Visa , American Express and Discover sourced credit and debit card transactions are reported gross of amounts paid to sponsor banks. The Company's performance obligations are to stand ready to provide holistic electronic payment processing services consisting of a series of distinct elements that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer over time. The Company s promise to its customers is to perform an unknown or unspecified quantity of tasks and the consideration received is contingent upon the customers use (i.e., number of payment transactions processed, number of cards on file, etc.); as such, the total transaction price is variable. The Company allocates the variable fees charged to the day in which it has the contractual right to bill under the contract. ASU 2014-09, Revenues from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ASC 606 requires that the Company determine for each customer arrangement whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time. For the year ended December 31, 2022 substantially all of the Company s revenues were recognized at a point in time. ASC 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations; however, as permitted by ASC 606, the Company has elected to exclude from this disclosure any contracts with an original duration of one year or less and any variable consideration that meets specified criteria. As described above, the Company s most significant performance obligations consist of variable consideration under a stand-ready series of distinct days of service. Such variable consideration meets the specified criteria for the disclosure exclusion; therefore, the majority of the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied is variable consideration that is not required for this disclosure. The aggregate fixed consideration portion of customer contracts with an initial contract duration greater than one year is not material. Interest income Interest income from a related party is recorded on an accrual basis, when earned, based on the current lending rate in place. Reserve for Losses on Merchant Accounts Disputes between a cardholder and a merchant periodically arise as a result of, among other things, cardholder dissatisfaction with merchandise quality or merchant services. Such disputes may not be resolved in the merchant s favor. In these cases, the transaction is charged back to the merchant, which means the purchase price is refunded to the customer through the merchant s acquiring bank and charged to the merchant. If the merchant has inadequate funds, the Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 9 

Company or, under limited circumstances, the Company and the acquiring bank, must bear the credit risk for the full amount of the transaction. The Company evaluates its risk for such transactions and estimates its potential loss for charge- backs based primarily on historical experience and other relevant factors. The Company records reserves for charge-backs and contingent liabilities when such amounts are deemed to be probable and estimable. The required reserves may change in the future due to new developments, including, but not limited to, changes in litigation or increased charge-back exposure as the result of merchant insolvency, liquidation, or other reasons. The required reserves are reviewed periodically to determine if adjustments are required. Electronic Payment Processing Costs Electronic payment processing costs consist principally of costs directly related to the processing of merchant sales volume, bank processing fees and costs paid to third-party processing networks. Such costs are recognized at the time the merchant transactions are processed or when the services are performed. In addition to costs directly related to the processing of merchant sales volume, electronic payment processing costs also include residual expenses. Residual expenses represent fees paid to third-party sales referral sources. Residual expenses are paid in accordance with contracted terms. These are generally linked to revenues derived from merchants successfully referred to the Company and that begin using the Company for merchant processing services. Such residual expenses are recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company partnered with two sponsor banks for substantially all merchant transactions. Substantially all merchant transactions were processed by one merchant processor. Income Taxes The Company and its subsidiary are treated as flow-through entities for federal and state income tax purposes. Under present income tax laws, the Company is not subject to federal or state income taxes. The member is responsible for taxes on their respective share of the Company s net income or losses. The Company reviews uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in the course of preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more likely than not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Management of the Company is required to analyze all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which include federal and certain states. The Company has no examinations in progress and none are expected at this time. The Company has reviewed the open tax years in major jurisdictions and concluded there is no tax liability, interest, or penalties resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in future tax returns. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and/or disclosure through March 1, 2023, the date these consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 10 

3. Fixed Assets The Company s fixed assets are comprised of the following at December 31, 2022: Terminals 1,531,775 Software 711,301 Telephone systems 96,717 Computer equipment 28,265 Automobile 24,576 Website 9,500 Leasehold improvements 4,420 2,406,554 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (2,080,735) 325,819 Depreciation and amortization expense related to fixed assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 200,000. 4. Goodwill The carrying value of goodwill at December 31, 2022 is approximately 13,814,000. The Company performed a qualitative assessment on goodwill to determine if it is more likely than not that the Company s fair value is less than its carrying amount. Based on its qualitative assessment, the Company determined that goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2022 and that no further assessment was required. There were no changes to the carrying value of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. 5. Customer Merchant Accounts The net carrying value of customer merchant accounts was approximately 163,000 at December 31, 2022. Customer merchant accounts are amortized over an estimated useful life of 30 to 66 months, as appropriate. Total amortization expense of customer merchant accounts using the straight-line method is included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and was approximately 334,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total expected amortization expense is as follows: Years Ending December 31, 2023 150,343 2024 12,866 163,209 Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 11 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 6. Investments During 2021, the Company made an investment in Biller Genie Software, LLC. The Company s 1.74 interest is accounted for using the cost method because the Company s investment is considered minor, representing less than 20 of the investee s common stock. Therefore, the Company s investment in Biller Genie Software, was carried at cost 200,000, at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 the Biller Genie Software investment was purchased at cost by Newtek Business Service Corp. 7. Line of Credit and Bank Notes Payable, Net In November 2022, the Company entered into an Amended Credit and Guarantee Agreement (the Webster Agreement ), which extended a term loan for 39,871,000 (the Webster Term Loan and a revolving line of credit (the Webster RLOC combined with the Webster Term Loan, the Webster Facility with maximum borrowings of 15,000,000 for a total commitment of 54,871,000. All assets of the Company are pledged as collateral under the Webster Agreement and is guaranteed by Newtek. The Webster Facility provides for monthly interest payments and the Webster Term Loan provides for quarterly principal payments, with total remaining principal due at maturity. The Webster Facility matures in November 2027. Borrowings under the Webster Facility are classified either as a Alternate Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Rate Loan at the Company s election. Each SOFR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to SOFR plus 2.6 , and each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to the Prime Rate plus 1.5 . The effective interest rate at December 31, 2022 for the Webster Term Loan and Webster RLOC were 6.72 and 6.72 , respectively. The Webster Agreement requires certain restrictive covenants for which the Company was in compliance as of December 31, 2022. Total interest expense, excluding amortization of deferred financing costs, for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1,157,000. Amortization of deferred financing costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 155,000 and is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. The remaining amount of unamortized deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the Webster Facility was approximately 382,000 at December 31, 2022. Outstanding borrowings under the Webster RLOC was 0 at December 31, 2022. Outstanding borrowings under the Webster Term Loan consisted of the following at December 31, 2022: Principal 39,871,000 Unamortized deferred financing costs (381,983) Net carrying amount 39,489,017 Debt principal payments are as follows: Years Ending December 31, 2023 2,990,325 2024 3,987,100 2025 3,987,100 2026 5,980,650 2027 22,925,825 39,871,000 12 

8. Notes Receivable - Related Party The Company has extended a line of credit to Newtek. The Company had approximately 24,250,000 outstanding on its revolving line of credit with Newtek, at December 31, 2022. The line, which matures in November 2027, allows for maximum borrowings of 54,871,000 (subject to availability) and bears interest at a rate equal to that in effect under the Company s Webster Facility, at any given time. The Company recorded related party interest income of approximately 546,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 there was approximately 274,000, in accrued interest income included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 9. Related Party Transactions The Company has related party transactions with Newtek and various portfolio companies of Newtek, including Automated Merchant Services, Inc. AMS ), Mobil Money LLC MOB ), Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. NTS and PMTWorks Payroll, LLC PMT ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred residual expenses totaling approximately 181,000 from AMS and NTS, managed technology services costs of approximately 726,000 from NTS, licensing fees for zero cost payment processing of approximately 979,000 from MOB and payroll processing costs of approximately 22,000 from PMT. Included in salaries and benefits are charges from Newtek related to salaries for management and certain other employees that perform services for the Company. Total amounts allocated to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 471,000. The Company subleases office space from Newtek in Lake Success, NY. The rent payment is based upon an allocation of headcount in the Lake Success office space. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 291,000. 10. Stock Based Compensation Newtek has an incentive stock plan and contributes stock compensation expense to the Company using an allocation methodology similar to allocations utilized by Newtek and the Company recognizes compensation related expenses. The plan is summarized below: 2021 Stock Incentive Plan The 2021 Stock Incentive Plan allows employees and officers an opportunity to acquire Newtek s common stock, par value 0.02 per share. Under the Plan,the Newtek has authorized that the awards should not exceed 150,000 shares and the maximum number of shares an employee may be granted in any calendar year is 10,000 shares. Incentive Stock Plan shall remain in effect until terminated by Managers. The Plan allows for grants of options which vest in accordance with a continuous service condition. Dividends paid on Stock Incentive Plan are accrued as of the dividend payment date, in shares of Stock at the Market Value price. 11. Commitments and Contingencies The Company has a Merchant ISO Agreement with a sponsor bank. Under the terms of the Merchant ISO Agreement, NMS is required to pay monthly minimum fees of 15,000 during the term of the agreement. The agreement renews automatically annually. Litigation As a result of prior litigation with the Federal Trade Commission, NMS voluntarily entered into, and is presently operating under, a permanent injunction with respect to certain of its business practices. Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 13 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 18
 nmsdecember312021financi.htm
 EX-99.2

nmsdecember312021financi 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary (A Wholly-owned Subsidiary of NBSH Holdings, LLC Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Auditor s Report December 31, 2021 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Index Year Ended December 31, 2021 Page: Independent Auditor s Report 1-2 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheet 3 Consolidated Statement of Income 4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Member's Equity 5 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 7 - 13 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Opinion We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary NMS ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBSH Holdings LLC, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statement of income, changes in member s equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Responsibility of Management s for the Consolidated Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. Auditor s Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements, including omissions, are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements. 1 

In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that we identified during the audit. Melville, New York February 24, 2022 2 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31, 2021 3 Current assets: Cash 6,198,459 Accounts receivable 3,252,940 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 192,492 Inventory, net 320,643 9,964,534 Fixed assets, net 444,311 Restricted cash 474,309 Customer merchant accounts, net 496,898 Due from related parties 321,018 Investment in Biller Genie 200,000 Notes receivable - related party 11,450,000 Goodwill 13,813,812 Total assets 37,164,882 Liabilities and Member's Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses 1,327,022 Residuals payable 1,228,920 Chargeback reserves 1,073,213 Due to related parties 511,836 Bank notes payable, current 4,812,500 Total current liabilities 8,953,491 Bank notes payable, long-term, net (Note 7) 20,290,874 Total liabilities 29,244,365 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Member's equity 7,920,517 Total liabilities and member's equity 37,164,882 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Income December 31, 2021 4 2021 Revenues Electronic payment processing 38,374,865 Expenses Electronic payment processing costs 17,349,461 Salaries and benefits 6,596,072 Professional fees 362,106 Depreciation and amortization 757,630 Other general and administrative costs 1,324,013 Total expenses 26,389,282 Income from operations 11,985,583 Interest expense, net (917,187) Interest income - related parties 387,440 Total other expenses (529,747) Net income 11,455,836 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Changes in Member's Equity December 31, 2021 5 Member s Equity Balance - January 1, 2021 5,835,385 Net income 11,455,836 Contribution from member 389,352 Distributions (9,760,056) Balance - December 31, 2021 7,920,517 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows December 31, 2021 6 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 11,455,836 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 757,630 Amortization of deferred financing costs 149,116 Stock compensation expense 389,352 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (416,832) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 101,471 Inventory (153,323) Accounts payable and accrued expenses (1,565,218) Due to/from related parties 74,470 Net cash provided by operating activities 10,792,502 Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from related party note 12,640,000 Purchase of investment (200,000) Purchase of fixed assets (199,245) Net cash provided by investing activities 12,240,755 Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid to shareholder (9,428,537) Distribution to parent (331,519) Repayments of the line of credit (7,500,000) Principal payments to Webster Bank (3,500,000) Net cash used in financing activities (20,760,056) Net increase in cash and restricted cash 2,273,201 Cash - beginning of year 4,399,567 Cash - end of year 6,672,768 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activities: Interest paid 884,415 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 7 1. Organization, Basis of Presentation and Description of Business Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC NMS was organized as a limited liability company LLC under the laws of the State of Wisconsin and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NBSH Holdings, LLC NBSH ). NBSH was organized on November 1, 2018 under the laws of the State of New York and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Holdco 1, Inc. Holdco which was incorporated on June 5, 2015 under the laws of the State of New York and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Business Services Corp. Newtek ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NMS and its wholly-owned subsidiary, UPSWI Sales UPS Sales ), which are collectively hereinafter referred to as the Company . All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in these consolidated financial statements. The Company markets credit and debit card processing services, check approval services and ancillary processing equipment and software to merchants who accept credit cards, debit cards, checks and other noncash forms of payment. 2. Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to the determination of the reserve for chargeback losses. Financial Instruments The Company s financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, notes receivable from related party, accounts payable, residuals payable, line of credit and bank notes payable. The carrying amount of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and residuals payable approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. The carrying amounts of notes receivable from related party, line of credit and bank notes payable approximate fair value due to the variable interest rate they carry. Cash Invested cash is held exclusively at financial institutions of high credit quality. As of December 31, 2021, cash deposits in excess of insured amounts totaled approximately 5,749,000. Restricted Cash Under the terms of the processing agreements between NMS and its processing banks, NMS maintains cash accounts as reserves against chargeback losses. As the Company receives fees from the processing bank, a certain percentage is allocated to the cash reserve account. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows at December 31, 2021. Cash 6,198,459 Restricted cash 474,309 Total cash and restricted cash 6,672,768 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 8 Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable represent amounts owed to the Company by third parties for electronic payment processing and related residuals. The Company estimates losses on accounts receivable based on known troubled accounts and historical experience of losses incurred. The Company determined no reserve for uncollectible accounts was necessary at December 31, 2021. Inventory Inventory consists primarily of equipment to be installed in merchant locations to enable the merchants to process electronic transactions. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is determined on a FIFO (first in-first out) basis. Fixed Assets Fixed assets, which are comprised of terminals, software, telephone systems, computer equipment, automobile, website and leasehold improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of fixed assets is provided on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related assets ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is provided on a straight-line basis using the lesser of the useful life of the asset, which is generally three to five years, or lease term. Software Development Costs The Company capitalizes certain software development costs for internal use. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred, while application stage projects are capitalized. The latter costs are typically employee and/or consulting services directly associated with the development of the internal use software. Software and website costs are included in fixed assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amortization commences once the software and website costs are ready for their intended use and are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life, typically three years. Goodwill and Customer Merchant Accounts Goodwill is an indefinite lived asset, which is not amortized and is instead subject to impairment testing, at least annually. Customer merchant accounts with finite lives are amortized over an estimated useful life of 30 or 66 months (See Note 5). The Company considers the following to be some examples of indicators that may trigger an impairment review outside of its annual impairment review: (i) significant under-performance or loss of key contracts acquired in an acquisition relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner or use of the acquired assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s fair value for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes. In assessing the recoverability of the Company s goodwill and customer merchant accounts, the Company must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These include estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the Company, the period over which cash flows will occur, and determination of the Company s cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and conclusions on impairment. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the Company applies the following five steps: Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the Company applies the following five steps: 1. Identify the contract with a customer 2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract 3. Determine the transaction price 4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 5. Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 9 Revenue is recognized net of taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. Revenue is primarily derived from electronic payment processing and related fee income. Electronic payment processing and fee income Electronic payment processing and fee income is derived from the electronic processing of credit and debit card transactions that are authorized and captured through third-party networks. Typically, merchants are charged for these processing services by applying a percentage to the dollar amount of each transaction plus a flat fee per transaction. Certain merchant customers are charged miscellaneous fees, including fees for handling charge-backs or returns, monthly minimum fees, statement fees and fees for other miscellaneous services. Revenues derived from the electronic processing of MasterCard , Visa , American Express and Discover sourced credit and debit card transactions are reported gross of amounts paid to sponsor banks. The Company's performance obligations are to stand ready to provide holistic electronic payment processing services consisting of a series of distinct elements that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer over time. The Company s promise to its customers is to perform an unknown or unspecified quantity of tasks and the consideration received is contingent upon the customers use (i.e., number of payment transactions processed, number of cards on file, etc.); as such, the total transaction price is variable. The Company allocates the variable fees charged to the day in which it has the contractual right to bill under the contract. ASU 2014-09, Revenues from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ASC 606 requires that the Company determine for each customer arrangement whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time. For the year ended December 31, 2021 substantially all of the Company s revenues were recognized at a point in time. ASC 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations; however, as permitted by ASC 606, the Company has elected to exclude from this disclosure any contracts with an original duration of one year or less and any variable consideration that meets specified criteria. As described above, the Company s most significant performance obligations consist of variable consideration under a stand-ready series of distinct days of service. Such variable consideration meets the specified criteria for the disclosure exclusion; therefore, the majority of the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied is variable consideration that is not required for this disclosure. The aggregate fixed consideration portion of customer contracts with an initial contract duration greater than one year is not material. Interest income Interest income from a related party is recorded on an accrual basis, when earned, based on the current lending rate in place. Reserve for Losses on Merchant Accounts Disputes between a cardholder and a merchant periodically arise as a result of, among other things, cardholder dissatisfaction with merchandise quality or merchant services. Such disputes may not be resolved in the merchant s favor. In these cases, the transaction is charged back to the merchant, which means the purchase price is refunded to the customer through the merchant s acquiring bank and charged to the merchant. If the merchant has inadequate funds, the Company or, under limited circumstances, the Company and the acquiring bank, must bear the credit risk for the full amount of the transaction. The Company evaluates its risk for such transactions and estimates its potential loss for charge- backs based primarily on historical experience and other relevant factors. The Company records reserves for charge-backs and contingent liabilities when such amounts are deemed to be probable and estimable. The required reserves may change in the future due to new developments, including, but not limited to, changes in litigation or increased charge-back exposure as the result of merchant insolvency, liquidation, or other reasons. The required reserves are reviewed periodically to determine if adjustments are required. Electronic Payment Processing Costs Electronic payment processing costs consist principally of costs directly related to the processing of merchant sales volume, bank processing fees and costs paid to third-party processing networks. Such costs are recognized at the time the merchant transactions are processed or when the services are performed. 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 10 In addition to costs directly related to the processing of merchant sales volume, electronic payment processing costs also include residual expenses. Residual expenses represent fees paid to third-party sales referral sources. Residual expenses are paid in accordance with contracted terms. These are generally linked to revenues derived from merchants successfully referred to the Company and that begin using the Company for merchant processing services. Such residual expenses are recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company partnered with two sponsor banks for substantially all merchant transactions. Substantially all merchant transactions were processed by one merchant processor. Stock Based Compensation The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation plan using the fair value method, as prescribed by ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation. The Company measures the grant date fair value based upon the market price of the of its wholly owned parent Newtek Business Services Corp. Newtek common stock on the date of the grant and amortizes this fair value to salaries and benefits ratably over the requisite service period or vesting term. Income Taxes The Company and its subsidiary are treated as flow-through entities for federal and state income tax purposes. Under present income tax laws, the Company is not subject to federal or state income taxes. The member is responsible for taxes on their respective share of the Company s net income or losses. The Company reviews uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in the course of preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more likely than not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Management of the Company is required to analyze all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which include federal and certain states. The Company has no examinations in progress and none are expected at this time. The Company has reviewed the open tax years in major jurisdictions and concluded there is no tax liability, interest, or penalties resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in future tax returns. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and/or disclosure through February 24, 2022, the date these consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 3. Fixed Assets The Company s fixed assets are comprised of the following at December 31, 2021: Terminals 1,490,330 Software 698,334 Telephone systems 96,717 Computer equipment 28,265 Automobile 24,576 Website 9,500 Leasehold improvements 4,420 2,352,142 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (1,907,831) 444,311 Depreciation and amortization expense related to fixed assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 190,000. 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 11 4. Goodwill The carrying value of goodwill at December 31, 2021 is approximately 13,814,000. The Company performed a qualitative assessment on goodwill to determine if it is more likely than not that the Company s fair value is less than its carrying amount. Based on its qualitative assessment, the Company determined that goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2021 and that no further assessment was required. There were no changes to the carrying value of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2021. 5. Customer Merchant Accounts The net carrying value of customer merchant accounts was approximately 497,000 at December 31, 2021. Customer merchant accounts are amortized over an estimated useful life of 30 to 66 months, as appropriate. Total amortization expense of customer merchant accounts using the straight-line method is included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and was approximately 568,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total expected amortization expense is as follows: Years Ending December 31, 2022 333,690 2023 150,343 2024 12,865 496,898 6. Investments During 2021, the Company made an investment in Biller Genie Software, LLC. The Company s 1.74 interest is accounted for using the cost method because the Company s investment is considered minor, representing less than 20 of the investee s common stock. Therefore, the Company s investment in Biller Genie Software, is carried at cost, 200,000, at December 31, 2021. Management analyzes this investment for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the cost of the investment will not be realized. There were no impairments during 2021. 7. Line of Credit and Bank Notes Payable, Net In November 2018, the Company entered into a Credit and Guarantee Agreement (the Webster Agreement ), which extended a term loan for 35,000,000 (the Webster Term Loan and a revolving line of credit (the Webster RLOC combined with the Webster Term Loan, the Webster Facility with maximum borrowings of 15,000,000 for a total commitment of 50,000,000. All assets of the Company are pledged as collateral under the Webster Agreement and is guaranteed by Newtek. The Webster Facility provides for monthly interest payments and the Webster Term Loan provides for quarterly principal payments, with total remaining principal due at maturity. The Webster Facility matures in November 2023. Borrowings under the Webster Facility are classified either as a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan at the Company s election. Each LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 2.5 , and each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to the Prime Rate plus 1.5 . The effective interest rate at December 31, 2021 for the Webster Term Loan and was 2.60 . 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 12 The Webster Agreement requires certain restrictive covenants for which the Company was in compliance as of December 31, 2021. Total interest expense, excluding amortization of deferred financing costs, for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 803,000. Amortization of deferred financing costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 149,000 and is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. The remaining amount of unamortized deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the Webster Facility was approximately 272,000 at December 31, 2021. Outstanding borrowings under the Webster RLOC was 0 at December 31, 2021. Outstanding borrowings under the Webster Term Loan consisted of the following at December 31, 2021: Principal 25,375,000 Unamortized deferred financing costs (271,626) Net carrying amount 25,103,374 Debt principal payments are as follows: Years Ending December 31, 2022 4,812,500 2023 20,562,500 25,375,000 8. Notes Receivable - Related Party The Company has extended a line of credit to Newtek. The Company had approximately 11,450,000 outstanding on its revolving line of credit with Newtek, at December 31, 2021. The line, which matures in November 2023, allows for maximum borrowings of 50,000,000 (subject to availability) and bears interest at a rate equal to that in effect under the Company s Webster Facility, at any given time. The Company recorded related party interest income of approximately 387,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 9. Related Party Transactions The Company has related party transactions with Newtek and various portfolio companies of Newtek, including Automated Merchant Services, Inc. AMS ), Mobil Money LLC MOB ), Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. NTS and PMTWorks Payroll, LLC PMT ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred residual expenses totaling approximately 185,000 from AMS and NTS, managed technology services costs of approximately 699,000 from NTS, licensing fees for zero cost payment processing of approximately 523,000 from MOB and payroll processing costs of approximately 19,000 from PMT. Included in salaries and benefits are charges from Newtek related to salaries for management and certain other employees that perform services for the Company. Total amounts allocated to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021 were approximately 450,000. The Company subleases office space from Newtek in Lake Success, NY. The rent payment is based upon an allocation of headcount in the Lake Success office space. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 251,000. 

Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 13 10. Stock Based Compensation Newtek has an incentive stock plan and contributes stock compensation expense to the Company using an allocation methodology similar to allocations utilized by Newtek and the Company recognizes compensation related expenses. The plan is summarized below: 2021 Stock Incentive Plan The 2021 Stock Incentive Plan allows employees and officers an opportunity to acquire Newtek s common stock, par value 0.02 per share. Under the Plan, the Newtek has authorized that the awards should not exceed 150,000 shares and the maximum number of shares an employee may be granted in any calendar year is 10,000 shares. Incentive Stock Plan shall remain in effect until terminated by Managers. The Plan allows for grants of options which vest in accordance with a continuous service condition. Dividends paid on Stock Incentive Plan are accrued as of the dividend payment date, in shares of Stock at the Market Value price. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Newtek contributed 389,352 of stock compensation expense to the Company. As of December 31, 2021, there was 57,833 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested shares. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining period of approximately 2 years. 11. Commitments and Contingencies The Company has a Merchant ISO Agreement with a sponsor bank. Under the terms of the Merchant ISO Agreement, NMS is required to pay monthly minimum fees of 15,000 during the term of the agreement. The agreement renews automatically annually. Litigation As a result of prior litigation with the Federal Trade Commission, NMS voluntarily entered into, and is presently operating under, a permanent injunction with respect to certain of its business practices. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 19
 nblauditedconsolidatedfi.htm
 EX-99.3

nblauditedconsolidatedfi 

Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Auditor s Report December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page: Independent Auditor s Report 1 - 2 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member's Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 7 - 18 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Index December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1 Independent Auditor s Report Board of Directors Newtek Business Lending, LLC, and Subsidiaries Opinion We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Newtek Business Lending, LLC and its subsidiaries (the Company), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in member s equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. 

2 Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. Hartford, Connecticut March 15, 2023 

2022 2021 Assets Cash 8,548,899 10,995,399 Restricted cash 1,289,569 919,134 Loans receivable at fair value 69,745,509 66,473,129 Accrued interest receivable 432,822 276,398 Derivative instruments 69,116 Deferred financing costs 994,096 1,033,082 Prepaid expenses and other assets 223,660 31,374 Fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation 11,440 22,937 Due from affiliates 158,922 36,990 Total assets 81,474,033 79,788,443 Liabilities and Member's Equity Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses 6,180,526 3,885,794 Accrued interest payable 293,268 127,236 Derivative instruments 42,657 Good faith deposits 645,434 748,084 Dividend payable 1,500,000 3,500,000 Due to affiliates 178,290 87,732 Bank note payable 42,520,809 35,241,245 Total liabilities 51,318,327 43,632,748 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Member's equity Member's contributions 29,500,651 35,207,379 Member's distributions (10,125,000) (5,100,000) Retained earnings 10,780,055 6,048,316 Total member's equity 30,155,706 36,155,695 Total liabilities and member's equity 81,474,033 79,788,443 December 31, See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position December 31, 2022 and 2021 3 

2022 2021 Revenue Interest income 6,298,277 4,794,140 Loan processing fees 4,317,861 2,753,908 Other income 1,525,474 790,405 Total revenue 12,141,612 8,338,453 Expenses Salaries and benefits 2,635,757 2,548,722 Interest expense 3,109,106 2,210,315 Referral fees 697,939 376,645 Other general and administrative expenses 1,790,292 1,537,214 Total expenses 8,233,094 6,672,896 Operating income 3,908,518 1,665,557 Net unrealized depreciation on loans receivable at fair value (2,240,302) (285,299) Net realized gain on sale of loans 511,315 2,401,108 Realized gain on derivative transactions 2,440,435 644,134 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative transactions 111,773 (42,657) Net income 4,731,739 4,382,843 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations December 31, 2022 and 2021 4 

Member's equity - December 31, 2020 39,977,230 Capital contributions from member 31,350,000 Return of capital to member (36,054,378) Distributions to member (3,500,000) Net income 4,382,843 Member's equity - December 31, 2021 36,155,695 Capital contributions from member 35,140,000 Return of capital to member (40,846,728) Distributions to member (5,025,000) Net income 4,731,739 Member's equity - December 31, 2022 30,155,706 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member s Equity December 31, 2022 and 2021 5 

Net unrealized depreciation on loans receivable at fair value 2,240,302 285,299 Net unrealized (gain) loss on derivative investments (111,773) 42,657 Realized gains on sale of loans (511,315) (2,401,108) Realized gains on sales of derivatives (2,440,435) (644,134) Amortization of deferred financing costs 740,956 693,858 Depreciation of fixed assets 9,028 10,336 Disposal of fixed assets 2,469 Origination of loans receivable (89,483,021) (92,372,736) Sale of loans receivable 46,078,055 97,600,620 Sale of loans receivable to affiliate 21,770,244 5,130,948 Principal received on loans 16,633,356 3,755,986 Proceeds received on derivative transactions 2,440,435 644,134 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued interest receivable (156,424) 16,114 Prepaid expenses and other assets (192,286) 10,437 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,294,733 2,855,718 Accrued interest payable 166,032 14,943 Good faith deposits (102,650) 372,634 Dividend payable (2,000,000) 1,900,000 Due to/from affiliates (31,377) (111,398) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,078,068 22,187,151 Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings (repayments) on bank lines of credit 7,279,564 (8,975,000) Contributions from member 35,140,000 31,350,000 Return of capital to member (40,846,728) (30,899,000) Distributions to member (5,025,000) (3,500,000) Deferred financing costs paid (701,969) (1,144,552) Net cash used in financing activities (4,154,133) (13,168,552) Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash (2,076,065) 9,018,600 Cash and restricted cash - beginning of year 11,914,533 2,895,933 Cash and restricted cash - end of year 9,838,468 11,914,533 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activities: Cash paid for interest 2,205,725 1,501,514 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Sale of loans receivable to affiliate deemed return of capital 5,155,378 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 4,731,739 4,382,843 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows December 31, 2022 and 2021 6 

1. Organization and Description of Business Newtek Business Lending, LLC NBL was formed on March 14, 2018 as a single member Limited Liability Company LLC in accordance with the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. NBL and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, NBL SPV I, LLC SPV ), NBL SPV II, LLC SPV II ), and NBL SPV III, LLC SPV III are collectively herein referred to as the Company . The Company is in the business of originating, purchasing and selling commercial loans under the U.S. Small Business Administration s SBA 504 loans program as well as other conventional commercial loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s membership interests were held by Newtek Business Services Corp., (the Parent or NBSC through its subsidiary, Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. Holdco ). On January 6, 2023, NBL s membership interests were transferred to and NBL became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Bank, National Association Newtek Bank ), a newly acquired subsidiary of the Parent. This transaction is further detailed in Note 12 which discusses subsequent events. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of investment income and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to the determination of the fair value of loans receivable. Consolidation Policy The consolidated financial statements include its accounts and results of operations and that of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Cash The Company maintains its cash balances at financial institutions of high credit quality, however, it is exposed to credit risk for amounts held in excess of FDIC limits. As of December 31, 2022, cash deposits in excess of insured amounts totaled approximately 7,389,000. The Company does not anticipate non-performance by these institutions. Restricted Cash Restricted cash includes amounts for cash margin held as collateral for derivative instruments. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Cash 8,548,899 10,995,399 Restricted cash 1,289,569 919,134 Total cash and restricted cash 9,838,468 11,914,533 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 7 

Valuation of Loans Receivable Loans receivable have been recorded at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021. NBL elected the fair value option for loans receivable that we originated or purchased with the intent to sell to third parties. Fair value is applied to all of loans in accordance with relevant GAAP, which establishes a framework used to measure fair value and requires disclosures for fair value measurements. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of the market participant who holds the financial instrument rather than an entity specific measure. Therefore, when market assumptions are not readily available, our own assumptions are set to reflect those that management believes market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument at the measurement date. The Company s valuation technique includes a three-level fair value hierarchy which is more fully described in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements. Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs are amortized ratably over the terms of the related line-of-credit and recorded as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivative instruments primarily to economically manage the fair value variability of fixed rate assets caused by interest rate fluctuations. Derivative instruments consist of interest rate futures and are held at fair value on the balance sheet. Collateral posted with our futures counterparties is segregated in the Company s books and records. Interest rate futures are centrally cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME through a futures commission merchant. Interest rate futures that are governed by an ISDA agreement provide for bilateral collateral pledging based on the counterparties market value. The counterparties have the right to re-pledge the collateral posted but have the obligation to return the pledged collateral, or, if the Company agrees, substantially the same collateral as the market value of the interest rate futures change. The Company is required to post initial margin and daily variation margin for interest rate futures that are centrally cleared by CME. CME determines the fair value of our centrally cleared futures, including daily variation margin. Effective January 3, 2017, CME amended its rulebooks to legally characterize daily variation margin payments for centrally cleared interest rate futures as settlement rather than collateral. As a result of this rule change, variation margin pledged on the Company s centrally cleared interest rate futures is settled against the realized results of these futures. Revenue Recognition The Company records investment income when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fees are fixed and determinable, all contingencies are resolved and collection is reasonably assured. Interest income Interest on loan receivables are accrued and included in income based on contractual rates applied to principal amounts outstanding. Interest income on all loans are recognized as earned. Loans are placed on non-accrual status if they are over 90 days past due with respect to principal or interest and, in the opinion of management, interest or principal on individual loans is not collectible, or at such earlier time as management determines that the collectability of such principal or interest is unlikely. When a loan is designated as non-accrual, the accrual of interest is discontinued, and any accrued but uncollected interest income is reversed and charged against current income. At December 31, 2022, there was one non- accrual loan with a principal loan balance of approximately 250,000 with uncollected interest related to the loan of approximately 17,000. At December 31, 2021, there were one non-accrual loan with principal loan balances of approximately 250,000. Uncollected interest related to the loans was approximately 42,000. While a loan is classified as non-accrual and the future collectability of the recorded loan balance is doubtful, collections of interest and principal are generally applied as a reduction to principal outstanding. Net realized gain on sale of loans Net realized gain on sale of loans relates to the income earned from the sale of both conventional and SBA 504 loans to third parties. Loans are generally sold for their outstanding principal balance plus a premium which is recognized when earned and recorded as net realized gain on sale of loans on the consolidated statements of operations. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 8 

Net unrealized appreciation on loans receivable at fair value Net unrealized appreciation on loans receivable at fair value relates to the change in the recorded value of such loans based on the Company s measurement of their fair market value. The adjustment to record the difference between the carrying value of loans receivable and their fair market value is presented on the consolidated statements of operations as net unrealized appreciation on loans receivable at fair value. Loan processing fee Loan processing fees are generally non-recurring in nature and earned as a one time fee in connection with the origination, administration, and legal fees of new SBA 504 loans. Other income Other income consists of loan modification fees, loan extension fees, loan prepayment fees as well as income derived from good faith deposits that is recognized when a potential borrower decides not to proceed with loan financing. Other income is generally non-recurring in nature and earned as a one-time fee. Employee Compensation The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation plan using the fair value method, as prescribed by ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation. The Company measures the grant date fair value based upon the market price of NBSC s common stock on the date of the grant and amortizes this fair value to salaries and benefits ratably over the requisite service period or vesting term. Income Taxes The Company is a single member LLC and is treated as a disregarded entity for Federal, State, and/or Local income tax purposes. The Company passes all income and expenses to Holdco to be taxed at the holding company level. Accordingly, no liability for Federal, State and/or Local income taxes have been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluated its tax positions at year end, and based on its analysis, determined that there were no uncertain tax positions that require adjustment to the financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts and transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which expanded the scope of Topic 848 to include derivative instruments impacted by discounting transition. ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 are effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. ASU No. 2021-01 provides increased clarity as the Company continues to evaluate the transition of reference rates, however, the impact of the adoption is not expected to be material. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 (Topic 842), Leases . From the lessee's perspective, the new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the statement of financial position for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of operations for lessees. From the lessor's perspective, the new standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating. A lease will be treated as a sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee. If risks and rewards are conveyed without the transfer of control the lease is treated as a financing lease. If the lessor doesn't convey risks and rewards or control an operating lease results. The new standard is effective for public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities and employee benefit plans that file financial statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. Due to the fact that the Company currently has no leases, Topic 842 does not affect the consolidated financial statements. Reclassifications Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 9 

3. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, management uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority (Level 1) to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and gives the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). An asset or liability s classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of significant input to its valuation. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities: quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets included debt securities with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. The availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors including, the type and age of investment, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by Management in determining fair value is greatest for investments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, Management s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Management uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including periods of market dislocation, if applicable. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many investments. This condition could cause an investment to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value hierarchy. The Company s loans receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs of the value hierarchy by using the discounted cash flow method and comparable sales of similar assets, respectively. There were no loans receivable that were transferred into or out of Level 3 of the value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table provides a summary of quantitative information about the Company s fair value measurements of loans receivable. In addition to the inputs noted below, according to its valuation policy, the Company may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining fair value measurements. The following tables are not intended to be all-inclusive, but rather provide information on the significant Level 3 inputs as they relate to the Company s fair value measurements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 10 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022 Unobservable Input Range Input Value Loans receivable at fair value 69,745,509 Market yields 0 - 7.5 7.50 Average cumulative default rate n/a 20 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Unobservable Input Range Input Value Loans receivable at fair value 66,473,129 Historical premiums to par value 0 - 7.4 3.0 The following table presents loans receivable at fair value by loan term. December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loans due in five years or less 18,945,924 15,172,990 Loans due between five and ten years 22,134,706 21,257,059 Loans due after ten years 28,664,879 30,043,080 Loans receivable at fair value 69,745,509 66,473,129 The following table presents the changes in loans receivable - measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Fair value, December 31, 2020 83,627,517 Loans funded 92,372,735 Sale of loans (97,600,620) Realized gains on sale of loans 2,401,108 Sale of loans to affiliate (10,286,326) Principal payments received (3,755,986) Net unrealized depreciation (285,299) Fair value, December 31, 2021 66,473,129 Loans funded 89,483,021 Sale of loans (46,078,055) Realized gains on sale of loans 511,315 Sale of loans to affiliate (21,770,244) Principal payments received (16,633,356) Net unrealized depreciation (2,240,302) Fair value, December 31, 2022 69,745,509 The supplement to Note 3 included in these consolidated financial statements presents loans receivable at fair value as a percentage of member s capital on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company s loans receivable at fair value consisted of 35 loans, with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately 70,314,000 and a fair value of approximately 69,746,000, compared to 30 loans Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 11 

with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately 64,802,000 and a fair value of 66,473,000 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, all loans had variable interest rates ranging from 5.80 to 11.30 with maturities between February 2023 and November 2047, with the exception of one loan that had an 8.00 fixed rate of interest maturing May 2023. Interest income earned for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 6,298,000. At December 31, 2021, all loans had variable interest rates ranging from 5.25 to 8.00 with maturities between February 2022 and March 2042 with the exception of one loan that had an 8.00 fixed rate of interest maturing February 2022. Interest income earned for the period ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 4,794,000. 4. Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivative instruments primarily to economically manage the fair value variability of certain fixed rate assets caused by interest rate fluctuations and overall portfolio market risk. The following is a breakdown of the derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Fair Value Remaining Contract Type Notional Asset1 Liability1 Maturity (years) 5-year Swap Futures 25,864,312 69,116 0.25 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fair Value Remaining Contract Type Notional Asset1 Liability1 Maturity (years) 5-year Swap Futures 10,119,374 42,657 0.25 (1) Shown as derivative instruments, at fair value, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The following table indicates the net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on derivatives as included in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Contract Type Unrealized Gain/ (Loss) Realized Gain/ (Loss) Unrealized Gain/ (Loss) Realized Gain/ (Loss) 5-year Swap Futures 111,773 2,440,435 (42,657) 644,134 Collateral posted with our futures counterparty is segregated in the Company s books and records. The Company s counterparty held cash margin as collateral for derivatives as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest rate futures are centrally cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME through a futures commission merchant. The Company is required to post initial margin and daily variation margin for interest rate futures that are centrally cleared by CME. CME determines the fair value of our centrally cleared futures, including daily variation margin. Variation margin pledged on the Company s centrally cleared interest rate futures is settled against the realized results of these futures. 5. Bank Note Payable In July 2018, the Company entered into a revolving credit and security agreement (the CO Facility with Capital One, N.A. Capital One which has been guaranteed by NBSC. The CO Facility allows for borrowings for a two year period Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 12 

ending on the second anniversary of the execution of the agreement for an amount up to 75,000,000. The CO Facility provides that upon the occurrence of certain events, the maximum amount of the line of credit under the agreement can be increased from 75,000,000 to 150,000,000 at a later date upon request. In April 2019, the Company executed an amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective as of January 31, 2019, revised certain debt covenants as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In September 2019, the Company executed a second amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective as of April 30, 2019, revised certain definitions as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In July 2020, the Company executed a third and forth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective as of July 31, 2020, revised certain definitions as were previously defined by the CO Facility In October 2020, the Company executed a fifth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective October 27, 2020, revised certain definitions as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In November 2020, the Company executed a sixth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective November 4, 2020, revised the maturity date, certain definitions, and concentration limitations, as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In November 2022, the Company executed a seventh amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective November 4, 2022, revised the maturity date, certain definitions, and concentration limitations, as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In December 2022, the Company executed a eighth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective December 6, 2022, revised the maturity date, certain definitions, and concentration limitations, as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In addition, the amendment reduced the maximum amount on the facility from 75,000,000 to 60,000,000. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately 22,597,000 and 20,741,000, respectively, outstanding under the CO Facility. Advances under the CO Facility are classified either as a Base Rate Advance or a SOFR Rate Advance at the Company s election. Each Base Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (c) the 1-month SOFR Rate plus 1 . Each SOFR Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to (y) 1-month SOFR plus 1 (Floor of .50 (z) the applicable margin of 2.75 . Additionally, the Company must pay a fee for the portion of the CO Facility that is unused. The unused line fee is calculated based upon the percentage of the CO Facility not being utilized. The OC Facility accrues the unused line fee as a percentage of the unused commitment amount at a rate ranging from 0.35 and 0.75 . The Company may make prepayments without a penalty or premium. The agreement requires certain restrictive covenants for which the Company is in compliance with as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. All balances outstanding under the CO Facility will become due in November 2025. Deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the CO Facility were approximately 424,000 and 75,000 during the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In March 2021, the Company, through its newly formed subsidiary, NBL SPV II, LLC SPV II ), entered into a master repurchase agreement (the DB Facility with Deutsche Bank AG DB in an amount up to 100,000,000. The DB Facility is a full recourse and uncommitted arrangement that allows DB to purchase eligible SBA 504 loans from the Company at a purchase price as determined by the agreement. In November 2022, the Company amended its DB Facility to reduce the facility amount from up to 150,000,000 to up to 50,000,000 and to include non-SBA loans as eligible loans under the facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately 0 and 11,100,000, respectively, outstanding balance under the DB Facility. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a rate equal to the 1-month SOFR rate plus an applicable spread of 2.75 or plus 4.5 (other than 504 Loans). The Company may make prepayments without a penalty or premium as long as the prepayment is either the result of a full payment made by the mortgagor of such loan, a whole loan sale by the Company, or in the event that a loan becomes subjected to a mandatory repurchase event as per the terms of the agreement. The DB Facility is guaranteed by NBSC and allows for borrowings for a two year period ending Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 13 

on the second anniversary of the execution of the agreement for an amount up to 50,000,000. The agreement provides for two six-month extension periods as long as certain conditions are met as defined by the agreement. All balances outstanding under the Facility will become due on the second anniversary of the closing date, or November 2024, provided that the facility is not extended by the Company. Deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the DB Facility were approximately 223,000 and 893,000 during the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In September 2021, the Company, through its newly formed subsidiary, NBL SPV III, LLC SPV III ), entered into a revolving line of credit agreement (the OFB Facility with One Florida Bank, a Florida banking corporation OFB ), to finance eligible SBA 504 loans as determined by the agreement. The OFB Facility is guaranteed by NBL and NBSC and allows for borrowings up to 20,000,000 for a period of two years from the closing date. In September 2022, the Company amended its OFB Facility to include eligible non-SBA, or conventional, loans. as well as to extend the maturity date of the facility from September 2023 to September 2024 at which point all balances then outstanding under the facility will become due. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately 19,924,000 and 3,400,000, respectively, outstanding under the OFB Facility. Advances under the agreement accrue interest at a rate of Prime plus 1.0 . and in no event shall the total rate be less than 4.25 . Deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the OFB Facility were approximately 55,000 and 177,000 during the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As presented on the consolidated statements of operations, interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 3,109,000 and 2,210,000, respectively, which included amortization of deferred financing costs of approximately 741,000 and 694,000, respectively. 6. Commitments and Contingencies Legal Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company may become involved in various legal claims. However, management is not currently aware of any legal claims against the Company which would have a material adverse effect on the operations, cash flows or assets and liabilities of the Company. 7. Related Party Transactions Due to affiliates consists of amounts payable to the Company s parent and other related parties, for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. Due from affiliates consists of amounts receivable from the Company s parent and other related parties for expenses paid on behalf of the other. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred expenses of approximately 33,000 and 22,000, respectively, of insurance premiums, approximately 6,000 and 15,000, respectively, of advertising costs, approximately 23,000 and 4,000, respectively, of professional fees, and approximately 70,000 and 26,000, respectively, in other operating expenses from NBSC, which are included in other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Furthermore, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 232,000 and 161,000, respectively, from NBSC related to salaries for management and certain other employees that perform services for the Company, which are included in salaries and benefits on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company subleases office space from Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC NSBF in Lake Success, NY. The rent payment is based upon an allocation of headcount in the Lake Success office space and amounted to rent expense of approximately 8,000 and 6,000 incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, NSBF charged the Company approximately 2,000 and 5,000 respectively, in other operating expenses during the year Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 14 

ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These charges from NSBF were included in other general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company s affiliates also performed certain services for the Company, which included approximately 73,000 and 71,000 for IT support from Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. and approximately 4,000 and 4,000 in payroll processing fees from PMTWorks Payroll, LLC, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in other general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also incurred approximately 393,000 and 274,000 in legal services from NSBF, and approximately 302,000 and 366,000 of loan servicing fees from Small Business Lending, LLC, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred approximately 16,000 and 15,000 of customer support services from Titanium Asset Management LLC, respectively. These expenses are included in other general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company performed administrative services for its affiliate, Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC NCL ), which consisted of loan underwriting, origination and packaging services, and closing and compliance services. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, these administrative services in the amount approximately 86,000 and 105,000, respectively, were included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations. In December 2022, the Company sold six loans that it had previously originated having an outstanding principal balance of approximately 21,770,000 to Newt-TSO II SPV, LLC. The loans were sold at discount to par value resulting in a realized loss of approximately 733,000, which has been included in net realized gain on sale of loans on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company is not affiliated with the borrowers of the loans. In November 2021, the Company sold one loan to NCL in the amount of 10,286,000. The sale was made at par and no realized or unrealized gains or losses have been recorded related to the transaction. The Company received 5,131,000 in cash and 5,155,000 was deemed a return of capital related to the transaction. The Company is not affiliated with the borrowers of the loans. 8. Concentration of Risk As of December 31, 2022, the Company had four borrowers that represented greater than 10 of total loans receivable at fair value. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 52 of total loans receivable at fair value. For the period ended December 31, 2022, two borrowers represented more than 10 of total interest income. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 26 of total interest income. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had four borrowers that represented greater than 10 of total loans receivable at fair value. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 49 of total loans receivable at fair value. For the period ended December 31, 2021, two borrowers represented more than 10 of total interest income. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 25 of total interest income. 9. Financial Highlights The financial highlights for the Company are as follows: 2022 2021 Total return on average member s capital1 14.27 11.51 Ratio of expenses to average member's capital1 24.83 17.53 Ratio of income from investment operations to average member's capital1 14.27 11.51 (1) Average member s capital is the average of beginning and ending member s capital for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 15 

10. Stock Compensation During 2021, the Company s Board approved the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan to advance the interests of the Company through providing select employees and officers grants of the Parent s common stock currently traded on the Nasdaq Global Market, under the symbol NEWT . The grants made in accordance with the Incentive Plan were dated February 15, 2021 and vest in accordance with a continuous service condition. Per the terms of the Incentive Plan, the shares authorized shall not exceed 150,000 shares and the maximum number of shares an employee may be granted in any calendar year is 10,000 shares. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock compensation expense of 42,000 and 371,000, respectively. which is included in salaries and benefits on the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued 34,000 and 53,000 related to unvested grants. 11. Employee Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plan NBL s employees participate in a defined contribution 401(k) plan (the Plan adopted by NBSC in 2004 which covers substantially all employees based on eligibility. The Plan is designed to encourage savings on the part of eligible employees and qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the Plan, eligible employees may elect to have a portion of their pay, including overtime and bonuses, reduced each pay period, as pre-tax contributions. NBSC, through NBL, may elect to make a matching contribution equal to a specified percentage of the participant s contribution, on their behalf as a pre-tax contribution. At December 31, 2022, NBL accrued approximately 13,000 for a matching contribution, which has not yet been paid. A matching contribution related to the year ended December 31, 2021 in the amount of 10,000 was made in May 2022. 12. Subsequent Events As of December 31, 2022, the Company s membership interests were held by Newtek Business Services Corp., (the Parent or NBSC through its subsidiary, Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. Holdco ). On January 6, 2023, the Parent completed the acquisition of NBNYC, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, pursuant to which the Parent acquired from the NBNYC shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC for 20 million. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association and has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent. In connection with the completion of the acquisition, the Parent contributed all of its membership interests in NBL to Newtek Bank. Upon the consummation of the acquisition, Newtek Bank entered into an operating agreement with the OCC concerning certain matters including capital, liquidity and concentration limits, and memorializing the business plan submitted to the OCC. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 16 

The following table presents selected information for loans receivable at fair value that were 5.0 or greater of member s capital included on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022. Loan Details, if applicable Principal (000's) Cost (000's) Fair Value (000's) of Member's CapitalIndustry Loan Name Interest Rate Maturity Food Services and Drinking Places: Food Services and Drinking Places Von Esselborn, Inc. Prime plus 1.00 05/01/34 11,795 11,795 11,835 39.2 Food Services and Drinking Places All other n/a n/a 4,783 4,783 4,726 15.7 Accommodation: Accommodation Sigma Hospitality Wilkes Barre LP 5 Yr Treas plus 4.15 04/01/32 8,927 8,927 8,486 28.1 Accommodation Novi Oaks Hotel, LLC Prime plus 3.50 03/01/23 4,787 4,787 4,787 15.9 Accommodation Tradition One LLC Prime plus 3.25 04/01/23 3,510 3,510 3,510 11.6 Accommodation All other n/a n/a 3,855 3,855 3,940 13.1 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities: Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Coconut Point Living, LLC 5 Yr Treas plus 4.85 11/01/30 8,655 8,655 8,334 27.6 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Anderson Behavioral Health, Inc. 5 Yr Treas plus 6.50 11/01/47 7,208 7,208 7,376 24.5 Real Estate: Real Estate RPH Tacoma, LP Prime plus 3.00 03/01/23 3,954 3,954 3,954 13.1 Real Estate All other n/a n/a 416 416 406 1.3 Printing and Related Support Activities 2,490 2,490 2,465 8.2 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers 1,841 1,841 1,843 6.1 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing 1,709 1,709 1,713 5.7 Miscellaneous Manufacturing 1,404 1,404 1,404 4.7 Repair and Maintenance 1,256 1,256 1,255 4.2 Food and Beverage Stores 1,088 1,088 1,076 3.6 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries 919 919 919 3.0 Beverage and Tobacco Product Manufacturing 758 758 763 2.5 Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, and Related Industries 374 374 371 1.2 Personal and Laundry Services 262 262 259 0.9 Social Assistance 205 205 210 0.7 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores 119 119 114 0.4 Total 70,315 70,315 69,746 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Supplement to Note 3 December 31, 2022 and 2021 17 

The following table presents selected information for loans receivable at fair value that were 5.0 or greater of member s capital included on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2021. Loan Details, if applicable Principal (000's) Cost (000's) Fair Value (000's) of Member's CapitalIndustry Loan Name Interest Rate Maturity Real Estate RPH Tacoma, LP Prime plus 3.00 11/01/32 8,783 8,783 9,047 25.0 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Coconut Point Living, LLC 5 Yr Treas plus 4.85 11/01/30 8,736 8,736 8,998 24.9 Rental and Leasing Services: Rental and Leasing Services MaxStorage, LLC - 1st lien 5 Yr Treas plus 5.00 11/01/31 5,875 5,875 6,051 16.7 Rental and Leasing Services MaxStorage, LLC - 2nd lien Prime plus 3.25 04/01/22 1,834 1,834 1,834 5.1 Accommodation: Accommodation Tradition One LLC Prime plus 3.25 04/01/32 4,360 4,360 4,491 12.4 Accommodation 537 Maple Hotel, LLC Prime plus 4.00 02/01/22 2,030 2,030 2,030 5.6 Consumer Goods Rental: Consumer Goods Rental 100 Wilbur Place LLC - 1st lien Prime plus 3.00 10/01/32 4,020 4,020 4,140 11.5 Consumer Goods Rental 100 Wilbur Place LLC - 2nd lien Prime plus 3.00 10/01/22 2,616 2,616 2,616 7.2 Food Services Drinking Places: Food Services Drinking Places Black Star Hospitality Holdings, LLC 5 Yr Treas plus 8.00 01/01/32 4,000 4,000 4,120 11.4 Food Services and Drinking Places Royal Palm Pointe Investors, LLC Prime plus 3.00 02/01/32 2,194 2,194 2,259 6.2 Food Services and Drinking Places All others n/a n/a 4,549 4,549 4,647 12.9 Lessors on Nonresidential buildings: Lessors on Nonresidential buildings 110 Wilbur Place LLC - 1st lien Prime plus 3.00 03/01/32 2,791 2,791 2,998 8.3 Lessors on Nonresidential buildings 110 Wilbur Place LLC - 2nd lien Prime plus 3.00 03/01/22 2,158 2,158 2,158 6.0 Miscellaneous Manufacturing 3,140 3,140 3,192 8.8 Child Day Care Services 2,512 2,512 2,585 7.1 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 2,526 2,526 2,570 7.1 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries 1,139 1,139 1,167 3.2 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers 987 987 1,015 2.8 Repair and Maintenance 336 336 336 0.9 Sporting Goods, Hobby, Musical Instrument, and Book Stores 216 216 219 0.6 Total 64,802 64,802 66,473 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Supplement to Note 3 December 31, 2022 and 2021 18 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-99.4>
 20
 nblllcsubs2021auditedfs.htm
 EX-99.4

nblllcsubs2021auditedfs 

Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Auditor s Report December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Page: Independent Auditor s Report 1 - 2 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member's Equity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 7 - 16 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Index December 31, 2021 and 2020 

1 Independent Auditor s Report Board of Directors Newtek Business Lending, LLC, and Subsidiaries Opinion We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries (the Company), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in member s equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations, changes in member s equity and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 

2 In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that we identified during the audit. New York, New York April 29, 2022 

2021 2020 Assets Cash 10,995,399 2,895,933 Restricted cash 919,134 Loans receivable - held for sale, at fair value 66,473,129 83,627,517 Accrued interest receivable 276,398 292,512 Deferred financing costs 1,033,082 582,388 Prepaid expenses and other assets 31,374 41,811 Fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation 22,937 33,273 Due from affiliates 36,990 37,652 Total assets 79,788,443 87,511,086 Liabilities and Member's Equity Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses 3,885,794 1,030,075 Accrued interest payable 127,236 112,293 Derivative instruments 42,657 Good faith deposits 748,084 375,450 Dividend payable 3,500,000 1,600,000 Due to affiliates 87,732 199,793 Bank note payable 35,241,245 44,216,245 Total liabilities 43,632,748 47,533,856 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) Member's equity Member's contributions 35,207,379 39,911,757 Member's distributions (5,100,000) (1,600,000) Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 6,048,316 1,665,473 Total member's equity 36,155,695 39,977,230 Total liabilities and member's equity 79,788,443 87,511,086 December 31, See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position December 31, 2021 and 2020 3 

2021 2020 Revenue Interest income 4,794,140 3,162,456 Net realized gain on sale of loans 2,401,108 239,554 Loan processing fees 2,753,908 2,403,926 Other income 790,405 263,065 Total revenue 10,739,561 6,069,001 Expenses Salaries and benefits 2,548,722 1,850,143 Interest expense 2,210,315 1,427,197 Referral fees 376,645 252,664 Other general and administrative expenses 1,537,214 956,308 Total expenses 6,672,896 4,486,312 Operating income 4,066,665 1,582,689 Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on loans receivable - held for sale, at fair value (285,299) 1,402,273 Realized gain on derivative transactions 644,134 Unrealized loss on derivative transactions (42,657) Net income 4,382,843 2,984,962 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations December 31, 2021 and 2020 4 

Member's equity - December 31, 2019 17,303,227 Capital contributions from member 40,285,000 Return of capital to member (18,995,959) Distributions to member (1,600,000) Net income 2,984,962 Member's equity - December 31, 2020 39,977,230 Capital contributions from member 31,350,000 Return of capital to member (36,054,378) Distributions to member (3,500,000) Net income 4,382,843 Member's equity - December 31, 2021 36,155,695 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member s Equity December 31, 2021 and 2020 5 

Net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on loans receivable - held for sale 285,299 (1,402,273) Net unrealized loss on derivative investments 42,657 Amortization of deferred financing costs 693,858 309,989 Depreciation of fixed assets 10,336 7,721 Realized gains on sale of loans (2,401,108) (239,554) Origination of loans receivable (92,372,735) (83,390,702) Purchases of loans receivable from affiliate (381,476) Sale of loans receivable 97,600,620 15,135,095 Sale of loans receivable to affiliate 5,130,948 Principal received on loans 3,755,986 498,700 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued interest receivable 16,114 (191,912) Prepaid expenses and other assets 10,437 (21,576) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,855,718 450,134 Accrued interest payable 14,943 20,478 Good faith deposits 372,634 100,917 Dividend payable 1,900,000 1,600,000 Due to/from affiliates (111,398) 77,023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 22,187,152 (64,442,474) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of fixed assets (7,844) Net cash used in investing activities (7,844) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings on bank lines of credit (8,975,000) 32,050,932 Contributions from member 31,350,000 40,285,000 Return of capital to member (30,899,000) (3,700,001) Distributions to member (3,500,000) (1,600,000) Deferred financing costs paid (1,144,552) (446,724) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (13,168,552) 66,589,207 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 9,018,600 2,138,889 Cash - beginning of year 2,895,933 757,044 Cash - end of year 11,914,533 2,895,933 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activities: Cash paid for interest 1,501,514 1,096,731 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Sale of loans receivable to affiliate deemed return of capital 5,155,378 15,295,958 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 4,382,843 2,984,962 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows December 31, 2021 and 2020 6 

1. Organization and Description of Business Newtek Business Lending, LLC NBL was formed on March 14, 2018 as a single member Limited Liability Company LLC in accordance with the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. NBL and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, NBL SPV I, LLC SPV ), NBL SPV II, LLC SPV II ), and NBL SPV III, LLC SPV III are collectively herein referred to as the Company , which is currently in its start-up phase. The Company is in the business of originating, purchasing and selling commercial loans under the U.S. Small Business Administration s SBA 504 loans program. All of the Company s membership interests are held by Newtek Business Services Corp. (the Parent or NBSC through its subsidiary Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. Holdco ). 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of investment income and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to the determination of the fair value of loans receivable held for sale. Consolidation Policy The consolidated financial statements include its accounts and results of operations and that of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Cash The Company maintains its cash balances at financial institutions of high credit quality, however, it is exposed to credit risk for amounts held in excess of FDIC limits. As of December 31, 2021, cash deposits in excess of insured amounts totaled approximately 10,329,000. The Company does not anticipate nonperformance by these institutions. Restricted Cash Restricted cash includes amounts for cash margin held as collateral for derivative instruments. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown int he statement of cash flows at December 31, 2021 and 2020: 2021 2020 Cash 10,995,399 2,895,933 Restricted cash 919,134 Total cash and restricted cash 11,914,533 2,895,933 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 7 

Valuation of Loans Receivable - Held for Sale Loans receivable - held for sale have been recorded at fair value at December 31, 2021 and 2020. NBL elected the fair value option for loans receivable held for sale that we originated or purchased with the intent to sell to third parties. Fair value is applied to all of loans in accordance with relevant GAAP, which establishes a framework used to measure fair value and requires disclosures for fair value measurements. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of the market participant who holds the financial instrument rather than an entity specific measure. Therefore, when market assumptions are not readily available, our own assumptions are set to reflect those that management believes market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument at the measurement date. The Company s valuation technique includes a three-level fair value hierarchy which is more fully described in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements. Fair Value The Company has the option to measure eligible financial assets, financial liabilities, and commitments at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis. This option is available when the Company first recognizes a financial asset or financial liability or enters into a firm commitment. Subsequent changes in the fair value of assets, liabilities, and commitments where the Company has elected the fair value option are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs are amortized ratably over the terms of the related line-of-credit and recorded as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivative instruments primarily to economically manage the fair value variability of fixed rate assets caused by interest rate fluctuations. Derivative instruments consist of interest rate futures and are held at fair value on the balance sheet. Collateral posted with our futures counterparties is segregated in the Company s books and records. Interest rate futures are centrally cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME through a futures commission merchant. Interest rate futures that are governed by an ISDA agreement provide for bilateral collateral pledging based on the counterparties market value. The counterparties have the right to re-pledge the collateral posted but have the obligation to return the pledged collateral, or, if the Company agrees, substantially the same collateral as the market value of the interest rate futures change. The Company is required to post initial margin and daily variation margin for interest rate futures that are centrally cleared by CME. CME determines the fair value of our centrally cleared futures, including daily variation margin. Effective January 3, 2017, CME amended its rulebooks to legally characterize daily variation margin payments for centrally cleared interest rate futures as settlement rather than collateral. As a result of this rule change, variation margin pledged on the Company s centrally cleared interest rate futures is settled against the realized results of these futures. Revenue Recognition The Company records investment income when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fees are fixed and determinable, all contingencies are resolved and collection is reasonably assured. Interest income Interest on loan receivables are accrued and included in income based on contractual rates applied to principal amounts outstanding. Interest income on all loans are recognized as earned. Loans are placed on non-accrual status if they are over 90 days past due with respect to principal or interest and, in the opinion of management, interest or principal on individual loans is not collectible, or at such earlier time as management determines that the collectability of such principal or interest is unlikely. When a loan is designated as non-accrual, the accrual of interest is discontinued, and any accrued but uncollected interest income is reversed and charged against current income. At December 31, 2021, there was one non- accrual loan with a principal loan balance of approximately 250,000 with uncollected interest related to the loan of approximately 42,000. At December 31, 2020, there were two non-accrual loans with principal loan balances of approximately 637,000. Uncollected interest related to the loans was approximately 67,000. While a loan is classified as non-accrual and the future collectability of the recorded loan balance is doubtful, collections of interest and principal are generally applied as a reduction to principal outstanding. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 8 

Net realized gain on sale of loans Net realized gain on sale of loans relates to the income earned from the sale of SBA 504 loans to third parties. 504 loans are generally sold for their outstanding principal balance plus a premium which is recognized when earned and recorded as net realized gain on sale of loans on the consolidated statements of operations. Net unrealized appreciation on loans receivable held for sale, at fair value Net unrealized appreciation on loans receivable held for sale relates to the change in the recorded value of such loans based on the Company s measurement of their fair market value. The adjustment to record the difference between the carrying value of loans receivable and their fair market value is presented on the consolidated statements of operations as net unrealized appreciation on loans receivable held for sale. Loan processing fee Loan processing fees are generally non-recurring in nature and earned as a one time fee in connection with the origination, administration, and legal fees of new SBA 504 loans. Other income Other income is derived from good faith deposits that are recorded as income when a potential borrower decides not to proceed with the SBA 504 loan financing. Other income is generally non-recurring in nature and earned as a one-time fee. Employee Compensation The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation plan using the fair value method, as prescribed by ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation. The Company measures the grant date fair value based upon the market price of NBSC s common stock on the date of the grant and amortizes this fair value to salaries and benefits ratably over the requisite service period or vesting term. Income Taxes The Company is a single member LLC and is treated as a disregarded entity for Federal, State, and/or Local income tax purposes. The Company passes all income and expenses to Holdco to be taxed at the holding company level. Accordingly, no liability for Federal, State and/or Local income taxes have been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluated its tax positions at year end, and based on its analysis, determined that there were no uncertain tax positions that require adjustment to the financial statements. Recently Accounting Pronouncements In August 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. In May of 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09, as amended, established a comprehensive revenue recognition standard for virtually all industries under U.S. GAAP. The revenue standard's core principle is built on the contract between a vendor and a customer for the provision of goods and services. It attempts to depict the exchange of rights and obligations between the parties in the pattern of revenue recognition based on the consideration to which the vendor is entitled. ASU 2014-09 was originally effective for public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities and certain employee benefit plans for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods, and all other entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. This standard was adopted on January 1, 2019 with no material impact on the Company s consolidated statements of operations or consolidated statements of financial position. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 (Topic 842), Leases . From the lessee's perspective, the new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the statement of financial position for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of operations for lessees. From the lessor's perspective, the new standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating. A lease will be treated as a sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee. If risks and rewards are conveyed without the transfer of control the lease is treated as a financing lease. If the lessor doesn't convey risks and rewards or control an operating lease results. The new standard is effective for public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities and employee benefit plans that file financial statements with the U.S. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 9 

Securities and Exchange Commission for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2020-05 but does not expect the update to have a material impact on its consolidated statements of financial position or consolidated statements of operations. 3. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, management uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority (Level 1) to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and gives the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). An asset or liability s classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of significant input to its valuation. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities: quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets included debt securities with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. The availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors including, the type and age of investment, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by Management in determining fair value is greatest for investments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, Management s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Management uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including periods of market dislocation, if applicable. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many investments. This condition could cause an investment to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value hierarchy. The Company s loans receivable - held for sale at December 31, 2021 and 2020 were measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs of the value hierarchy by using comparable sales of similar assets. There were no loans receivable - held for sale that were transferred into or out of Level 3 of the value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 10 

The following table provides a summary of quantitative information about the Company s fair value measurements of loans receivable - held for sale. In addition to the inputs noted below, according to its valuation policy, the Company may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining fair value measurements. The following tables are not intended to be all-inclusive, but rather provide information on the significant Level 3 inputs as they relate to the Company s fair value measurements at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Unobservable Input Range Input Value Loans receivable - held for sale, at fair value 66,473,129 Historical prices 0 - 7.4 3 Fair Value at December 31, 2020 Unobservable Input Range Input Value Loans receivable - held for sale, at fair value 83,627,517 Historical prices 1.0 - 3.5 3 The following table presents loans receivable - held for sale at fair value by loan term. December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Loans due in five years or less 15,172,990 17,307,672 Loans due between five and ten years 21,257,059 35,382,894 Loans due after ten years 30,043,080 30,936,950 Loans receivable - held for sale at fair value 66,473,129 83,627,517 The following table presents the changes in loans receivable - held for sale measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Fair value, December 31, 2019 29,143,265 Loans funded 83,390,702 Purchase of loans from affiliate 381,476 Sale of loans (15,135,095) Realized gains on sale of loans 239,554 Sale of loans to affiliate (15,295,958) Principal payments received (498,700) Net unrealized appreciation 1,402,273 Fair value, December 31, 2020 83,627,517 Loans funded 92,372,735 Sale of loans (97,600,620) Realized gains on sale of loans 2,401,108 Sale of loans to affiliate (10,286,326) Principal payments received (3,755,986) Net unrealized depreciation (285,299) Fair value, December 31, 2021 66,473,129 Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 11 

At December 31, 2021, the Company s loans receivable held for sale, at fair value consisted of 30 loans, with an aggregated unpaid principal balance of approximately 64,802,000 and a fair value of approximately 66,473,000, compared to 33 loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately 81,671,000 and a fair value of 83,628,000 million at December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2021, all loans had variable interest rates ranging from 5.66 to 9.50 with maturities between February 2022 and March 2042. Interest income earned for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 4,794,000. At December 31, 2020, all loans had variable interest rates ranging from 5.25 to 8.00 with maturities between February 2021 and February 2050. Interest income earned for the period ended December 31, 2020 was approximately 3,162,000. 4. Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivative instruments primarily to economically manage the fair value variability of certain fixed rate assets caused by interest rate fluctuations and overall portfolio market risk. The following is a breakdown of the derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2021: Fair Value Remaining Contract Type Notional Asset1 Liability1 Maturity (years) 5-year Swap Futures 10,119,374 42,657 0.25 (1) Shown as derivative instruments, at fair value, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The following table indicated the net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on derivatives as included in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Contract Type Unrealized Gain/ (Loss) Realized Gain/ (Loss) Unrealized Gain/ (Loss) Realized Gain/ (Loss) 5-year Swap Futures (42,657) 644,134 Collateral posted with our futures counterparty is segregated in the Company s books and records. The Company s counterparty held cash margin as collateral for derivatives as of December 31, 2021, which is included in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest rate futures are centrally cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME through a futures commission merchant. The Company is required to post initial margin and daily variation margin for interest rate futures that are centrally cleared by CME. CME determines the fair value of our centrally cleared futures, including daily variation margin. Variation margin pledged on the Company s centrally cleared interest rate futures is settled against the realized results of these futures. 5. Bank Note Payable In July 2018, the Company entered into a revolving credit and security agreement (the CO Facility with Capital One, N.A. Capital One which has been guaranteed by NBSC. The CO Facility allows for borrowings for a two year period ending on the second anniversary of the execution of the agreement for an amount up to 75,000,000. The CO Facility provides that upon the occurrence of certain events, the maximum amount of the line of credit under the agreement can be increased from 75,000,000 to 150,000,000 at a later date upon request. In April 2019, the Company executed an amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective as of January 31, 2019, revised certain debt covenants as were previously defined by the CO Facility. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 12 

In September 2019, the Company executed a second amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective as of April 30, 2019, revised certain definitions as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In July 2020, the Company executed a third and forth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective as of July 31, 2020, revised certain definitions as were previously defined by the CO Facility In October 2020, the Company executed a fifth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective October 27, 2020, revised certain definitions as were previously defined by the CO Facility. In November 2020, the Company executed a sixth amendment to the CO Facility with Capital One. The amendment, effective November 4, 2020, revised the maturity date, certain definitions, and concentration limitations, as were previously defined by the CO Facility. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had approximately 20,741,000 and 44,216,000, respectively, outstanding under the CO Facility. Advances under the CO Facility are classified either as a Base Rate Advance or a LIBOR Rate Advance at the Company s election. Each Base Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (c) the LIBOR Rate plus 1.0 . Each LIBOR Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to (y) the alternative rate plus (z) the applicable margin of 2.75 . Additionally, the Company must pay a fee for the portion of the CO Facility that is unused. The unused line fee is calculated based upon the percentage of the CO Facility not being utilized. The OC Facility accrues the unused line fee as a percentage of the unused commitment amount at a rate ranging from 0.35 and 0.75 . The Company may make prepayments without a penalty or premium. The agreement requires certain restrictive covenants for which the Company is in compliance with as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. All balances outstanding under the CO Facility will become due on the third anniversary of the sixth amendment closing date, or October 2023. Deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the CO Facility were approximately 75,000 and 447,000 during the period ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In March 2021, the Company, through its newly formed subsidiary, NBL SPV II, LLC SPV II ), entered into a master repurchase agreement (the DB Facility with Deutsche Bank AG DB in an amount up to 100,000,000 The DB Facility is a full recourse and uncommitted arrangement that allows DB to purchase eligible SBA 504 loans from the Company at a purchase price as determined by the agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately 11,100,000, outstanding under the DB Facility. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a rate equal to the 3-month LIBOR rate plus an applicable spread of 2.75 . The Company may make prepayments without a penalty or premium as long as the prepayment is either the result of a full payment made by the mortgagor of such loan, a whole loan sale by the Company, or in the event that a loan becomes subjected to a mandatory repurchase event as per the terms of the agreement. The DB Facility is guaranteed by NBSC and allows for borrowings for a two year period ending on the second anniversary of the execution of the agreement for an amount up to 100,000,000. The agreement provides for two six-month extension periods as long as certain conditions are met as defined by the agreement. All balances outstanding under the Facility will become due on the second anniversary of the closing date, or March 2023, provided that the facility is not extended by the Company. Deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the DB Facility were approximately 893,000 during the period ended December 31, 2021. In September 2021, the Company, through its newly formed subsidiary, NBL SPV III, LLC SPV III ), entered into a revolving line of credit agreement (the OFB Facility with One Florida Bank, a Florida banking corporation OFB ), to finance eligible SBA 504 loans as determined by the agreement. The OFB Facility is guaranteed by NBL and NBSC and allows for borrowings up to 20,000,000 for a period of two years from the closing date. All balances outstanding under the OFB Facility will become due on the maturity date, or September 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately 3,400,000, outstanding under the OFB Facility. Advances under the agreement accrue interest at a rate of Prime plus 1.0 . and in no event shall the total rate be less than 4.25 . Deferred financing costs incurred by the Company related to the OFB Facility were approximately 177,000 during the period ended December 31, 2021. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 13 

As presented on the consolidated statements of operations, interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was approximately 2,210,000 and 1,427,000, respectively, which included amortization of deferred financing costs of approximately 694,000 and 310,000, respectively. 6. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Commitments The Company has a non-cancellable operating lease with future rentals as follows: Year Ending December 31, 2022 85,105 Total 85,105 Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was approximately 154,000 and 138,000, respectively. Legal Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company may become involved in various legal claims. However, management is not currently aware of any legal claims against the Company which would have a material adverse effect on the operations, cash flows or assets and liabilities of the Company. 7. Related Party Transactions Due to affiliates consists of amounts payable to the Company s parent and other related parties, for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. Due from affiliates consists of amounts receivable from the Company s parent and other related parties for expenses paid on behalf of the other. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred expenses of approximately 22,000 and 21,000, respectively, of insurance premiums, approximately 15,000 and 19,000, respectively, of advertising costs, approximately 4,000 and 5,000 , respectively, of professional fees, and approximately 26,000 and 6,000, respectively, in other operating expenses from NBSC, which are included in other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Furthermore, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred 161,000 and 135,000, respectively, from NBSC related to salaries for management and certain other employees that perform services for the Company, which are included in salaries and benefits on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company subleases office space from Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC NSBF in Lake Success, NY. The rent payment is based upon an allocation of headcount in the Lake Success office space and amounted to rent expense of approximately 6,000 and 5,000 incurred for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, NSBF charged the Company approximately 5,000 and 1,000 respectively, in other operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. These charges from NSBF were included in other general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company purchased one loan receivable in the amount of 381,000 from its affiliate, CDS Business Services, Inc. This loans is included in loans receivable held for sale, at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial position at December 31, 2020. The Company s affiliates also performed certain services for the Company, which included approximately 71,000 and 46,000 for IT support from Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. and approximately 4,000 and 4,000 in payroll processing fees from PMTWorks Payroll, LLC, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are included in other general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also incurred approximately 274,000 and 223,000 in legal services from NSBF, and approximately 366,000 and 249,000 of loan servicing fees from Small Business Lending, LLC, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred approximately 15,000 and Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 14 

8,000 of customer support services from Titanium Asset Management LLC, respectively. These expenses are included in other general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company performed administrative services for its affiliate, Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC NCL ), which consisted of loan underwriting, origination and packaging services, and closing and compliance services. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, these administrative services in the amount approximately 105,000 and 84,000, respectively, were included in other income on the consolidated statement of operations. In November 2021, the Company sold one loan to NCL in the amount of 10,286,000. The sale was made at par and no realized or unrealized gains or losses have been recorded related to the transaction. The Company received 5,131,000 in cash and 5,155,000 was deemed a return of capital related to the transaction. The Company is not affiliated with the borrowers of the loans. In September 2020, the Company sold three loans to NBSC totaling 15,296,000. The sales were made at par and no realized or unrealized gains or losses have been recorded related to the transactions. The Company is not affiliated with the borrowers of the loans. 8. Concentration of Risk As of December 31, 2021, the Company had four borrowers that represented greater than 10 of total loans receivable held for sale, at fair value. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 49 of total loans receivable held for sale, at fair value. For the period ended December 31, 2021, two borrowers represented more than 10 of total interest income. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 25 of total interest income. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had four borrowers that represented greater than 10 of total loans receivable held for sale, at fair value. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 54 of total loans receivable held for sale, at fair value. For the period ended December 31, 2020, two borrowers represented more than 10 of total interest income. In aggregate, these borrowers represented approximately 32 of total interest income. 9. Stock Compensation During 2021, the Company s Board approved the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan to advance the interests of the Company through providing select employees and officers grants of the Parent s common stock currently traded on the Nasdaq Global Market, under the symbol NEWT . The grants made in accordance with the Incentive Plan were dated February 15, 2021 and vest in accordance with a continuous service condition. Per the terms of the Incentive Plan, the shares authorized shall not exceed 150,000 shares and the maximum number of shares an employee may be granted in any calendar year is 10,000 shares. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock compensation expense of 371,000, which is included in salaries and benefits on the consolidated statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued 53,000 related to unvested grants. 10. Employee Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plan NBL s employees participate in a defined contribution 401(k) plan (the Plan adopted by NBSC in 2004 which covers substantially all employees based on eligibility. The Plan is designed to encourage savings on the part of eligible employees and qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the Plan, eligible employees may elect to have a portion of their pay, including overtime and bonuses, reduced each pay period, as pre-tax contributions. NBSC, through NBL, may elect to make a matching contribution equal to a specified percentage of the participant s contribution, on their behalf as a pre-tax contribution. At December 31, 2021, NBL accrued approximately 10,000 for a Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 15 

matching contribution, which has not yet been paid. A matching contribution related to the year ended December 31, 2020 in the amount of 11,000 was made in March 2021. 11. Subsequent Events The Company evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and/or disclosure through April 29, 2022, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, and has determined that no events have occurred that would require adjustments or disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Newtek Business Lending, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 16 

</EX-99.4>

<EX-99.5>
 21
 a995reportofindependentr.htm
 EX-99.5

a995reportofindependentr 

1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. Our audits of NewtekOne, Inc., formerly known as Newtek Business Services Corp. s (the Company) consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting referred to in our report dated March 15, 2023, (appearing in the accompanying Form 10-K) also included an audit of the senior securities table of the Company appearing in this Form 10-K. This table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits of the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the senior securities table, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. /s/ RSM US LLP Hartford, Connecticut March 15, 2023 

</EX-99.5>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 newt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 23
 newt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 newt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 newt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 newt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

