<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_885978_0001140361-23-009198.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14484883</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>301916</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1985799</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5174832</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3520284</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2889661</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-009198.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-009198
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U S PHYSICAL THERAPY INC /NV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000885978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				760364866
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11151
		FILM NUMBER:		23686013

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132977000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-009198.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 brhc10048514_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. 
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 

NEVADA 

(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION 
 OR ORGANIZATION)

(I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)

, 
 , 
 , TEXAS 

(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)

(ZIP CODE)

REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: ) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT: NONE

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
 Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
 reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
 complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
 and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued
 its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
 the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate by check
 mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).
 Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022
 was million based on the closing sale price reported on the NYSE for the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, the last business
 day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. For purposes of this computation, all executive officers, directors and 5 or greater beneficial owners of the registrant were deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should
 not be deemed an admission that such executive officers, directors and beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant.

As of February 28, 2023, the number of shares outstanding of
 the registrant s common stock, par value .01 per share, was: .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

DOCUMENT 

PART OF FORM 10-K 

Portions of Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders

Part III

Table of Contents 

Page

PART I

Item 1.

Business 

3

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

13

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

20

Item 2.

Properties 

20

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

20

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

21

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

21

Item 6.

Reserved 

22 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

23

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

37 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

38 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

46 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

72

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

72

Item 9B.

Other Information 

72

Item 9C.

Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 

72 

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

73

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

73

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

73

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

73

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

73

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

73

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

73

Signatures 

79 

1 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

We make statements in this report that are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning given such term under Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
 Act ). These statements contain forward-looking information relating to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of our Company. These statements (often using words such as believes ,
 expects , intends , plans , appear , should and similar words) involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those we project. Included among such statements, but not limited to, are those
 relating to opening clinics, availability of personnel and the reimbursement environment. The forward-looking statements are based on our current views and assumptions, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such
 forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks, uncertainties, and factors, which include, but are not limited to:

the multiple effects of the impact of public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of COVID-19 and its variants, for which the total financial magnitude cannot be currently
 estimated;

changes in Medicare rules and guidelines and reimbursement or failure of our clinics to maintain their Medicare certification and/or enrollment status 

revenue we receive from Medicare and Medicaid being subject to potential retroactive reduction 

changes in reimbursement rates or payment methods from third party payors including government agencies, and changes in the deductibles and co-pays owed by patients 

compliance with federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy of individually identifiable patient information, and associated fines and penalties for failure to comply 

competitive, economic or reimbursement conditions in our markets which may require us to reorganize or close certain clinics and thereby incur losses and/or closure costs including the possible write-down
 or write-off of goodwill and other intangible assets;

one of our acquisition agreements contains a Put Right related to a future purchase of a majority interest in a separate company;

the impact of COVID-19 related vaccination and/or testing mandates at the federal, state and/or local level, which could have an adverse impact on staffing, revenue, costs and the results of operations:

our debt and financial obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to obtain future financing and our ability to operate our business;

changes as the result of government enacted national healthcare reform 

business and regulatory conditions including federal and state regulations 

governmental and other third party payor inspections, reviews, investigations and audits, which may result in sanctions or reputational harm and increased costs 

revenue and earnings expectations 

legal actions, which could subject us to increased operating costs and uninsured liabilities 

general economic conditions, including but not limited to inflationary and recessionary periods;

our business depends on hiring, training, and retaining qualified employees

availability and cost of qualified physical therapists 

competitive environment in the industrial injury prevention services business, which could result in the termination or non-renewal of contractual service arrangements and other adverse financial
 consequences for that service line;

acquisitions, and the successful integration of the operations of the acquired businesses;

impact on the business and cash reserves resulting from retirement or resignation of key partners and resulting purchase of their non-controlling interest (minority interests);

maintaining our information technology systems with adequate safeguards to protect against cyber-attacks 

a security breach of our or our third party vendors information technology systems may subject us to potential legal action and reputational harm and may result in a violation of the Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act;

maintaining clients for which we perform management, industrial injury prevention related services, and other services, as a breach or termination of those contractual arrangements by such clients could
 cause operating results to be less than expected;

maintaining adequate internal controls;

maintaining necessary insurance coverage 

availability, terms, and use of capital and

weather and other seasonal factors.

Many factors are beyond our control. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Please see the other sections of this report and our other
 periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC for more information on these factors. Our forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as required by
 law, we are under no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, regardless of the reason the statement may no longer be accurate.

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS.

GENERAL

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, we , us , our or the Company ), operates its business through two reportable business segments. Our reportable
 segments consist of the physical therapy operations segment and the industrial injury prevention services segment. Through our subsidiaries, we operate outpatient physical therapy clinics that provide pre-and post-operative care for a variety
 of orthopedic-related disorders and sports-related injuries, treatment for neurological-related injuries and rehabilitation of injured workers. We also have a majority interest in businesses which are leading providers of industrial injury
 prevention services. Services provided in this business include onsite injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization, post-offer employment testing, functional capacity evaluations and ergonomic assessments. The majority of the

industrial injury prevention services are contracted with and paid for directly by employers, including a number of Fortune 500 companies. Other clients include large insurers and their contractors. These
 services are performed through Industrial Sports Medicine Professionals, consisting of both physical therapists and specialized certified athletic trainers (ATCs). Prior to the second quarter of 2020, we operated as a single segment.
 All prior year segment information has been reclassified to conform to the current segment presentation.

We were re-incorporated in April 1992 under the laws of the State of Nevada and have operating subsidiaries organized in various states in the form of limited partnerships, limited
 liability companies and wholly-owned corporations. This description of our business should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes contained in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our principal
 executive offices are located at 1300 West Sam Houston Parkway South, Suite 300, Houston, Texas 77042. Our telephone number is (713) 297-7000. Our website is www.usph.com . 

Acquisitions of Businesses and Acquired Interests

During the last three years, we completed the acquisitions of eleven clinic practices and two industrial injury prevention services businesses as detailed below.

Interest

Number of

Acquisition

Date

Acquired

Clinics

November 2022 Acquisition

November 30, 2022

80 

13

October 2022 Acquisition

October 31, 2022

60 

14

September 2022 Acquisition

September 30, 2022

80 

2

August 2022 Acquisition

August 31, 2022

70 

6

March 2022 Acquisition

March 31, 2022

70 

6

December 2021 Acquisition

December 31, 2021

75 

3

November 2021 Acquisition

November 30, 2021

70 

September 2021 Acquisition

September 30, 2021

100 

June 2021 Acquisition

June 30, 2021

65 

8

March 2021 Acquisition

March 31, 2021

70 

6

November 2020 Acquisition

November 30, 2020

75 

3

September 2020 Acquisition

September 30, 2020

70 

February 2020 Acquisition

February 27, 2020

65 

4

Industrial injury prevention services business

The business includes six management contracts which have been in place for a number of years.As of the date acquired, the contracts had a remaining term of five years.

The four clinics are in four separate partnerships. The Company's interest in the four partnerships range from 10.0 to 83.8 , with an overall 65.0 based on the initial purchase transaction. 

3 

Table of Contents 

Physical Therapy Operations

The physical therapy operations segment primarily operates through subsidiary clinic partnerships, in which the Company generally owns a 1 general partnership interest in the Clinic Partnerships. The Company s
 limited partnership interests generally range from 65 to 75 (a range of 10 -99 in the Clinic Partnerships. The managing therapist of each clinic owns, directly or indirectly, the remaining limited partnership interest in most of the clinics
 (hereinafter referred to as Clinic Partnerships ). To a lesser extent, the Company operates some clinics, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, under profit sharing arrangements with therapists (hereinafter referred to as Wholly-Owned
 Facilities ).

We continue to seek to attract for employment physical therapists who have established relationships with physicians and other referral sources by offering these therapists a competitive salary and
 incentives based on the profitability of the clinic that they manage. For multi-site clinic practices in which a controlling interest is acquired by us, the prior owners typically continue on as employees to manage the clinic operations,
 retaining a non-controlling ownership interest in the clinics and receiving a competitive salary for managing the clinic operations. In addition, we have developed satellite clinic facilities as part of existing Clinic Partnerships and
 Wholly-Owned Facilities, with the result that a substantial number of Clinic Partnerships and Wholly-Owned Facilities operate more than one clinic location. In 2023, we intend to continue to acquire multi-clinic practices and to continue to
 develop outpatient physical therapy clinics as satellites in existing partnerships, along with increasing our patient volume through marketing and new programs.

Therapists at our clinics initially perform a comprehensive evaluation of each patient, which is then followed by a treatment plan specific to the injury as prescribed by the patient s physician. The
 treatment plan may include a number of procedures, including therapeutic exercise, manual therapy techniques, ultrasound, electrical stimulation, hot packs, iontophoresis, education on management of daily life skills and home exercise programs. A
 clinic s business primarily comes from referrals by local physicians. The principal sources of payment for the clinics services are managed care programs, commercial health insurance, Medicare/Medicaid and workers compensation insurance.

Besides the multi-clinic acquisitions referenced in the table above, during 2022 and 2021 we purchased the assets and business of three individual physical therapy clinics in separate transactions.
 The clinics operate as satellite clinics of three of our existing clinic partnerships.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold five clinics and closed eleven clinics. The aggregate sales price was 0.3 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold two clinics for an
 aggregate sales price of 0.1 million, and we closed three clinics. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we closed 34 clinics, and we sold 14 previously closed clinics for an aggregate sales price was 1.1 million. Of the total sales price,
 0.7 million was paid in cash and 0.4 million in a note receivable which was fully received in June 2022.

On December 31, 2022, we operated 640 clinics in 40 states. Our highest concentration of clinics are in the following states: Texas, Tennessee, Michigan, Virginia, Florida, Oregon,
 Maryland, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona, Idaho, Missouri, Connecticut, South Carolina, and Alabama. In addition to our 640 clinics,
 on December 31, 2022, we also managed 40 physical therapy practices for unrelated physician groups and hospitals. 

Our Clinics

Most of our clinics are operated as Clinic Partnerships in which we own the general partnership interest and a majority of the limited partnership interests. The managing healthcare
 practitioner of the clinics usually owns a portion of the limited partnership interests. Generally, the therapist partners have no interest in the net losses of Clinic Partnerships, except to the extent of their capital accounts. Since we also
 develop satellite clinic facilities of existing clinics, most Clinic Partnerships consist of more than one clinic location. As of December 31, 2022, through wholly owned subsidiaries, we owned a 1 general partnership interest in all the Clinic
 Partnerships. Our limited partnership interests generally range from 65 to 75 in the Clinic Partnerships. For the vast majority of the Clinic Partnerships, the managing healthcare practitioner is a
 physical therapist who owns the remaining limited partnership interest in the Clinic Partnership. 

For our Clinic Partnership agreements related to those in which we acquired a majority interest, generally, the prior management continues to own a 10 to 50 interest.

Typically, each therapist partner or director, including those employed by Clinic Partnerships in which we acquired a majority interest, enters into an employment agreement for a term of
 up to five years with their Clinic Partnership. Each agreement typically provides for a covenant not to compete during the period of his or her employment and for up to two years thereafter. Under each employment agreement, the therapist
 partner receives a base salary and may receive a bonus based on the net revenues or profits generated by their Clinic Partnership or specific clinic. In the case of Clinic Partnerships, the therapist partner receives earnings distributions
 based upon their ownership interest. Upon termination of employment, we typically have the right to purchase the therapist s partnership interest in Clinic Partnerships . For those Clinic Partnerships we created in connection with an
 acquisition, our partner also has the right to cause us to purchase their interest upon termination of their employment. 

4 

Table of Contents 

In connection with most of our acquired clinics, in the event that a limited minority partner s employment ceases and certain requirements are met as detailed in the respective
 limited partnership agreements, we have a call right (the Call Right and the selling entity or individual has a put right (the Put Right with respect to the partner s limited partnership interests. The Put Right and the Call Right do not
 expire, even upon an individual partner s death, and contain no mandatory redemption feature. The purchase price of the partner s limited partnership interest upon exercise of the Put Right or the Call Right is calculated at a predetermined
 multiple of earnings performance as detailed in the respective agreements.

Each Clinic Partnership maintains an independent local identity, while at the same time enjoying the benefits of national purchasing, negotiated third-party payor contracts, centralized support
 services and management practices. Under a management agreement, one of our subsidiaries provides a variety of support services to each clinic, including supervision of site selection, construction, clinic design and equipment selection,
 establishment of accounting systems and billing procedures and training of office support personnel, processing of accounts payable, operational direction, auditing of regulatory compliance, payroll, benefits administration, accounting services,
 legal services, quality assurance and marketing support.

Our typical clinic occupies 1,000 to 7,000 square feet of leased space in an office building or shopping center. There are 19 clinics occupying space in the range of over 7,000 square feet to 13,500
 square feet. We attempt to lease ground level space for patient ease of access to our clinics.

Typical minimum staff at a clinic consists of a licensed physical therapist and an office manager. As patient visits grow, staffing may also include additional physical therapists, occupational
 therapists, therapy assistants, aides, exercise physiologists, athletic trainers and office personnel. Therapy services are performed under the supervision of a licensed therapist.

We provide services at our clinics on an outpatient basis. Patients are usually treated for approximately one hour per day, two to three times a week, typically for two to six weeks. We generally
 charge for treatment on a per procedure basis. Medicare patients are charged based on prescribed time increments and Medicare billing standards. In addition, our clinics will develop, when appropriate, individual maintenance and self-management
 exercise programs to be continued after treatment. We continually assess the potential for developing new services and expanding the methods of providing our existing services in the most efficient manner while providing high quality patient
 care.

Factors Influencing Demand For Physical Therapy Services

We believe that the following factors, among others, influence the growth of outpatient physical therapy services:

Economic Benefits of Therapy Services . Purchasers and providers of healthcare services, such as insurance companies, health maintenance organizations,
 businesses and industries, continuously seek cost savings for traditional healthcare services. We believe that our therapy services provide a cost-effective way to prevent short-term disabilities from becoming chronic conditions, to help avoid
 invasive procedures, to speed recovery from surgery and musculoskeletal injuries and eliminate or minimize the need for opioids.

Earlier Hospital Discharge. Changes in health insurance reimbursement, both public and private, have encouraged the earlier discharge of patients to reduce costs. We believe that early hospital discharge practices foster greater demand for outpatient physical therapy services.

Aging Population. In general, the elderly population has a greater incidence of disability compared to the population as a whole. As this segment of the population continues to grow, we believe that demand for rehabilitation services will expand.

Increase in Obesity. Two of every three American men are considered to be overweight or obese and the rate continues to grow. The strain on a person s
 body can be significant. Physical therapy services help the obese become more active and fit by teaching them how to move in ways that are pain free.

Marketing

We focus our marketing efforts primarily on physicians, including orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, physiatrists, internal medicine physicians, podiatrists, occupational medicine physicians and
 general practitioners. In marketing to the physician community, we emphasize our commitment to quality patient care and regular communication with physicians regarding patient progress. We employ personnel to assist clinic directors in developing
 and implementing marketing plans for the physician community and to assist in establishing relationships with health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, case managers and insurance companies.

5 

Table of Contents 

Industrial Injury Prevention Services

Services provided in the industrial injury prevention services segment include onsite injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization, post offer employment testing, functional capacity evaluations,
 and ergonomic assessments. The majority of these services are contracted with and paid for directly by employers, including a number of Fortune 500 companies. Other clients include large insurers and their contractors. Our Company performs these
 services through Industrial Sports Medicine Professionals, consisting of both physical therapists and ATCs.

In March 2017, we acquired a 55 
 interest in an initial industrial injury prevention services business. On April 30, 2018, we acquired a 65 interest in another business in the industrial injury prevention sector and then we combined the two businesses. After the combination,
 we owned a 59.45 interest in the combined business, Briotix Health, Limited Partnership Briotix Health ). On April 11, 2019, we acquired 100 of a third provider of industrial injury prevention services. The acquired company specializes in
 delivering injury prevention and care, post offer employment testing, functional capacity evaluations and return-to-work services. It performs these services across a network in 45 states including onsite at eleven client locations. The business
 was then combined with Briotix Health increasing our ownership position in the partnership to approximately 76.0 . On September 30, 2021, we acquired a company that specializes in return-to-work and ergonomic services, among other offerings and
 contributed those assets to Briotix Health. Subsequent to this acquisition and the purchase of the redeemable non-controlling interest of one of the limited partners, our ownership in Briotix Health is approximately 85 .

On November 30, 2021, we acquired an approximate 70.0 interest in a leading provider of industrial injury prevention services IIP Acquisition ). The founders and owners retained the remaining
 interest.

SOURCES OF REVENUE

Physical Therapy Operations

Payor sources for physical therapy operations are primarily managed care programs, commercial health insurance, Medicare/Medicaid and workers compensation insurance. Commercial health insurance,
 Medicare and managed care programs generally provide coverage to patients utilizing our clinics after payment by the patients of normal deductibles and co-insurance payments. Workers compensation laws generally require employers to provide,
 directly or indirectly through insurance, costs of medical rehabilitation for their employees from work-related injuries and disabilities and, in some jurisdictions, mandatory vocational rehabilitation, usually without any deductibles,
 co-payments or cost sharing. Treatments for patients who are parties to personal injury cases are generally paid from the proceeds of settlements with insurance companies or from favorable judgments. If an unfavorable judgment is received,
 collection efforts are generally not pursued against the patient and the patient s account is written-off against established reserves. Bad debt reserves relating to all receivable types are regularly reviewed and adjusted as appropriate.

The following table shows our payor mix for the years ended in thousands):

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

Net Patient

Net Patient

Net Patient

Payor 

Revenue

Percentage

Revenue

Percentage

Revenue

Percentage

Managed Care Programs/ Commercial Health Insurance

215,822

46.5

209,129

47.7

177,877

47.7

Medicare/Medicaid

174,401

37.5

155,122

35.4

118,030

31.6

Workers' Compensation Insurance

45,010

9.7

44,549

10.2

48,628

13.0

Other

29,357

6.3

29,530

6.7

28,805

7.7

Total

464,590

100.0

438,330

100.0

373,340

100.0

Our physical therapy business depends to a significant extent on our relationships with commercial health insurers, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and workers 
 compensation insurers. In some geographical areas, our clinics must be approved as providers by key health maintenance organizations and preferred provider plans to obtain payments. Failure to obtain or maintain these approvals would adversely
 affect financial results.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 40.0 of our visits and 37.5 of our net patient revenue was from patients with Medicare or Medicaid program coverage. To receive Medicare
 reimbursement, a facility (Medicare Certified Rehabilitation Agency) or the individual therapist (Physical/Occupational Therapist in Private Practice) must meet applicable participation conditions set by the Department of Health and Human
 Services HHS relating to the type of facility, equipment, recordkeeping, personnel and standards of medical care, and also must comply with all state and local laws. HHS, through Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS and
 designated agencies, periodically inspects or surveys clinics/providers for approval and/or compliance. Failure of our subsidiaries to obtain or maintain certifications as Medicare providers or failure to enroll as a group of
 physical/occupational therapists in a private practice could adversely affect financial results.

6 

Table of Contents 

The Medicare program reimburses outpatient rehabilitation providers based on the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule MPFS ). For services provided in 2017 through 2019, a 0.5 increase was applied to
 the fee schedule payment rates before applying the mandatory budget neutrality adjustment. For services provided in 2020 through 2025 no adjustment is expected to be applied each year to the fee schedule payment rates, before applying the
 mandatory budget neutrality adjustment.

In the 2020 MPFS Final Rule, CMS revised coding, documentation guidelines, and increased the code values for office/outpatient evaluation and management E/M codes and cuts to other codes to
 maintain budget neutrality of the MPFS beginning in 2021. Under the 2021 MPFS Final Rule, CMS increased the values for the E/M office visit codes and made cuts to other specialty codes to maintain budget neutrality. As a result, CMS projected a
 9 decrease in fee schedule payment rates for therapy services set to take effect in 2021. However, Congress intervened with passage of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 and reimbursement for the codes applicable to physical/occupational
 therapy services provided by our clinics received an estimated 3.5 decrease in the aggregate in payment from Medicare in calendar year 2021 as compared to 2020.

In the 2022 MPFS Final Rule, there was to be an approximately 3.75 reduction to Medicare payments for physical/occupational therapy services. This was due to the expiration of the additional funding
 to the conversion factor provided by Congress in 2021 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. However, this reduction was addressed in the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act 2021 Act signed into law on
 December 10, 2021. Based on various provisions in the 2021 Act, the Medicare rate reduction for 2022 was approximately 0.75 . The 2021 Act did not address the 15 reduction in Medicare payments for services performed by a physical or occupational
 therapist assistant, which began on January 1, 2022.

In the 2023 MPFS Proposed Rule published on July 7, 2022, CMS proposed a 4.5 reduction in the Physician Fee Schedule conversion factor. However, this reduction was addressed in the Consolidated
 Appropriations Act, 2023 2023 Act signed into law on December 29, 2022. The provisions of the 2023 Act increase the conversion factor by 2.5 for 2023 and by 1.25 for 2024. This results in an overall reduction of approximately 2 in the
 2023 Physician Fee Schedule conversion factor for 2023.

The Budget Control Act of 2011 increased the federal debt ceiling in connection with deficit reductions over the next ten years and requires automatic reductions in federal spending by approximately
 1.2 trillion. Payments to Medicare providers are subject to these automatic spending reductions, subject to a 2 cap. In 2013, a 2 reduction to Medicare payments was implemented. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 extended the 2 reductions to
 Medicare payments through fiscal year 2025. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 extends the 2 reductions to Medicare payments through fiscal year 2027. The CARES Act suspended the 2 payment reduction to Medicare payments for dates of service from
 May 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020, and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 further suspended the 2 payment reduction through March 2021. In April 2021, additional legislation was enacted that waived the 2 payment reduction for the
 remainder of calendar 2021. The 2021 Act included a three-month extension of the 2 sequester relief applied to all Medicare payments through March 2022, followed by three months of 1 sequester relief through June 30, 2022. Sequester relief
 ended on June 30, 2022.

Beginning in 2021, payments to individual therapists (Physical/Occupational Therapist in Private Practice) paid under the fee schedule may be subject to adjustment based on performance in the Merit
 Based Incentive Payment System MIPS ), which measures performance based on certain quality metrics, resource use, and meaningful use of electronic health records. Therapists eligible to participate in MIPS include only those therapists who are
 enrolled with Medicare as private practice providers and does not include therapists in facility-based providers, such as our clinics enrolled as certified rehabilitation agencies. Less than 3 of the Company s therapist providers currently
 participate in MIPS. Under the MIPS requirements, a provider s performance is assessed according to established performance standards each year and then is used to determine an adjustment factor that is applied to the professional s payment for
 the corresponding payment year. The provider s MIPS performance in 2019 determined the payment adjustment in 2021. For those therapist providers who actually participated in MIPS during 2019 and 2020, the resulting average payment adjustment in
 2021 and 2022 was an increase of 1 . The 2023 adjustment for those therapist providers who participated in MIPS during 2021 is expected to remain at an average increase of 1 .

Under the Middle-Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 MCTRA ), since October 1, 2012, patients who met or exceeded 3,700 in therapy expenditures during a calendar year have been subject to
 a manual medical review to determine whether applicable payment criteria are satisfied. The 3,700 threshold is applied to Physical Therapy and Speech Language Pathology Services a separate 3,700 threshold is applied to the Occupational
 Therapy. The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 MACRA directed CMS to modify the manual medical review process such that those reviews will no longer apply to all claims exceeding the 3,700 threshold and instead will be
 determined on a targeted basis based on a variety of factors that CMS considers appropriate.

The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 extends the targeted medical review indefinitely but reduces the threshold to 3,000 through December 31, 2027. For 2028, the threshold amount will be increased by
 the percentage increase in the Medicare Economic Index MEI for 2028 and in subsequent years the threshold amount will increase based on the corresponding percentage increase in the MEI for such subsequent year.

7 

Table of Contents 

CMS adopted a multiple procedure payment reduction MPPR for therapy services in the final update to the MPFS for calendar year 2011. The MPPR applied to all outpatient therapy services paid under
 Medicare Part B occupational therapy, physical therapy and speech-language pathology. Under the policy, the Medicare program pays 100 of the practice expense component of the Relative Value Unit RVU for the therapy procedure with the
 highest practice expense RVU, then reduces the payment for the practice expense component for the second and subsequent therapy procedures or units of service furnished during the same day for the same patient, regardless of whether those therapy
 services are furnished in separate sessions. In 2013, the practice expense component for the second and subsequent therapy service furnished during the same day for the same patient was reduced by 50 .

Medicare claims for outpatient therapy services furnished by therapist assistants on or after January 1, 2020, must include a modifier indicating the service was furnished by a therapist assistant.
 Outpatient therapy services furnished on or after January 1, 2022, in whole or part by a therapist assistant are paid at an amount equal to 85 of the payment amount otherwise applicable for the service.

Statutes, regulations, and payment rules governing the delivery of therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries are complex and subject to interpretation. The Company believes that it is in compliance,
 in all material respects, with all applicable laws and regulations and are not aware of any pending or threatened investigations involving allegations of potential wrongdoing that would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements
 as of December 31, 2022. Compliance with such laws and regulations can be subject to future government review and interpretation, as well as significant regulatory action including fines, penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare program. For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, net patient revenue from Medicare were approximately 154.9 million and 134.4 million, respectively.

Given the history of frequent revisions to the Medicare program and its reimbursement rates and rules, the Company may not continue to receive reimbursement rates from Medicare that sufficiently
 compensate it for the Company s services or, in some instances, cover the Company s operating costs. Limits on reimbursement rates or the scope of services being reimbursed could have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenue, financial
 condition and results of operations. Additionally, any delay or default by the federal or state governments in making Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement payments could materially and, adversely, affect the Company s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

Industrial Injury Prevention Services

Services provided in this business include onsite injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization, post-offer employment testing, functional capacity evaluations and ergonomic
 assessments. The majority of these services are contracted with and paid for directly by employers, including a number of Fortune 500 companies. Other clients include large insurers and their contractors. These services are performed through
 Industrial Sports Medicine Professionals, consisting of both physical therapists and ATCs.

REGULATION AND HEALTHCARE REFORM

Numerous federal, state and local regulations regulate healthcare services and those who provide them. Some states into which we may expand have laws requiring facilities employing health
 professionals and providing health-related services to be licensed and, in some cases, to be owned by licensed physical therapists. Our therapists and/or clinics, however, are required to be licensed, as determined by the state in which they
 provide services. Failure to obtain or maintain any required approvals or licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Regulations Controlling Fraud and Abuse. Various federal and state laws regulate financial relationships involving providers of healthcare services. These laws include Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S. C. 1320a-7b[b]) (the Fraud and Abuse Law ), under which civil and criminal penalties can be imposed upon persons who, among other
 things, offer, solicit, pay or receive remuneration in return for (i) the referral of patients for the rendering of any item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by a Federal health care program (including Medicare and
 Medicaid); or (ii) purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending purchasing, leasing, ordering any good, facility, service, or item for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by a Federal health care program (including
 Medicare and Medicaid). We believe that our business procedures and business arrangements are in compliance with these provisions. However, the provisions are broadly written and the full extent of their specific application to specific facts and
 arrangements to which we are a party is uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition, several states have enacted state laws similar to the Fraud and Abuse Law, which may be more restrictive than the federal Fraud and Abuse Law.

The Office of the Inspector General OIG of HHS has issued regulations describing compensation financial arrangements that fall within a Safe Harbor and, therefore, are not viewed as illegal
 remuneration under the Fraud and Abuse Law. Failure to fall within a Safe Harbor does not mean that the Fraud and Abuse Law has been violated; however, the OIG has indicated that failure to fall within a Safe Harbor may subject an arrangement to
 increased scrutiny under a facts and circumstances test.

8 

Table of Contents 

The OIG also has issued special fraud alerts and special advisory bulletins to remind the provider community of the importance and application of certain aspects of the Fraud and Abuse Law. One of the
 OIG special fraud alerts related to the rental of space in physician offices by persons or entities to which the physicians refer patients. The OIG s stated concern in these arrangements is that rental payments may be disguised kickbacks to the
 physician-landlords to induce referrals. We rent clinic space for some of our clinics from referring physicians and have taken the steps that we believe are necessary to ensure that all leases comply to the extent possible and applicable, with
 the space rental Safe Harbor to the Fraud and Abuse Law.

One of the OIG s special advisory bulletins addressed certain complex contractual arrangements for the provision of items and services. This special advisory bulletin identified several
 characteristics commonly exhibited by suspect arrangements, the existence of one or more of which could indicate a prohibited arrangement to the OIG.

Due to the nature of our business operations, some of our management service arrangements exhibit one or more of these characteristics. However, we believe we have taken steps regarding the structure
 of such arrangements as necessary to sufficiently distinguish them from these suspect ventures, and to comply with the requirements of the Fraud and Abuse Law. However, if the OIG believes we have entered into a prohibited contractual joint
 venture, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Although the business of managing physician-owned and hospital-owned physical therapy facilities is regulated by the Fraud and Abuse Law, the manner in which we contract with such facilities often
 falls outside the complete scope of available Safe Harbors. We believe our arrangements comply with the Fraud and Abuse Law, even though federal courts provide limited guidance as to the application of the Fraud and Abuse Law to these
 arrangements. If our management contracts are held to violate the Fraud and Abuse Law, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Stark Law. Provisions of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1395nn) (the Stark Law prohibit referrals by a physician of designated
 health services which are payable, in whole or in part, by Medicare or Medicaid, to an entity in which the physician or the physician s immediate family member has an investment interest or other financial relationship, subject to several
 exceptions. Unlike the Fraud and Abuse Law, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute. Proof of intent to violate the Stark Law is not required. Physical therapy and occupational therapy services are among the designated health services .
 Further, the Stark Law has application to our management contracts with individual physicians and physician groups, as well as any other financial relationship between us and referring physicians, including medical advisor arrangements and any
 financial transaction resulting from a clinic acquisition. The Stark Law also prohibits billing for services rendered pursuant to a prohibited referral. Several states have enacted laws similar to the Stark Law. These state laws may cover all
 (not just Medicare and Medicaid) patients. As with the Fraud and Abuse Law, we consider the Stark Law in planning our clinics, establishing contractual and other arrangements with physicians, marketing and other activities, and believe that our
 operations are in compliance with the Stark Law. If we violate the Stark Law or any similar state laws, our financial results and operations could be adversely affected. Penalties for violations include denial of payment for the services,
 significant civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs.

HIPAA. In an effort to further combat healthcare fraud and protect patient confidentially, Congress included several anti-fraud measures in the Health
 Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ). HIPAA created a source of funding for fraud control to coordinate federal, state and local healthcare law enforcement programs, conduct investigations, provide guidance to the
 healthcare industry concerning fraudulent healthcare practices, and establish a national data bank to receive and report final adverse actions. HIPAA also criminalized certain forms of health fraud against all public and private payors.
 Additionally, HIPAA mandates the adoption of standards regarding the exchange of healthcare information in an effort to ensure the privacy and electronic security of patient information and standards relating to the privacy of health information.
 Sanctions for failing to comply with HIPAA include criminal penalties and civil sanctions. In February of 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ARRA was signed into law. Title XIII of ARRA, the Health Information Technology
 for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), provided for substantial Medicare and Medicaid incentives for providers to adopt electronic health records EHRs and grants for the development of health information exchange HIE ).
 Recognizing that HIE and EHR systems will not be implemented unless the public can be assured that the privacy and security of patient information in such systems is protected, HITECH also significantly expanded the scope of the privacy and
 security requirements under HIPAA. Most notable are the mandatory breach notification requirements and a heightened enforcement scheme that includes increased penalties, and which now apply to business associates as well as to covered entities.
 In addition to HIPAA, a number of states have adopted laws and/or regulations applicable in the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information that can be more stringent than comparable provisions under HIPAA.

We believe that our operations comply with applicable standards for privacy and security of protected healthcare information. We cannot predict what negative effect, if any, HIPAA/HITECH or any
 applicable state law or regulation will have on our business.

9 

Table of Contents 

Other Regulatory Factors. Political, economic and regulatory influences are fundamentally changing the healthcare industry in the United States. Congress,
 state legislatures and the private sector continue to review and assess alternative healthcare delivery and payment systems. Potential alternative approaches could include mandated basic healthcare benefits, controls on healthcare spending
 through limitations on the growth of private health insurance premiums and Medicare and Medicaid spending, the creation of large insurance purchasing groups, and price controls. Legislative debate is expected to continue in the future and market
 forces are expected to demand only modest increases or reduced costs. For instance, managed care entities are demanding lower reimbursement rates from healthcare providers and, in some cases, are requiring or encouraging providers to accept
 capitated payments that may not allow providers to cover their full costs or realize traditional levels of profitability. We cannot reasonably predict what impact the adoption of federal or state healthcare reform measures or future private
 sector reform may have on our business.

COMPETITION

The healthcare industry, including the physical therapy business and the industrial injury prevention services business, is highly competitive. The physical therapy business as well as the
 industrial injury prevention services business are both highly fragmented with no company having a significant market share nationally. We believe that we are one of the largest national outpatient physical therapy services providers.

Competitive factors affecting our business include quality of care, cost, treatment outcomes, convenience of location, and relationships with, and ability to meet the needs of, referral and payor
 sources. Our clinics compete, directly or indirectly, with many types of healthcare providers including the physical therapy departments of hospitals, private therapy clinics, physician-owned therapy clinics, and chiropractors. We may face more
 intense competition if consolidation of the therapy industry continues.

We believe that our strategy of providing key therapists in a community with an opportunity to participate in ownership or clinic profitability provides us with a competitive advantage by helping to
 ensure the commitment of local management to the success of the clinic.

We also believe that our competitive position is enhanced by our strategy of locating our clinics, when possible, on the ground floor of buildings and shopping centers with nearby parking, thereby
 making the clinics more easily accessible to patients. We offer convenient hours. We also attempt to make the decor in our clinics less institutional and more aesthetically pleasing than traditional hospital clinics.

ENFORCEMENT ENVIRONMENT

In recent years, federal and state governments have launched several initiatives aimed at uncovering behavior that violates the federal civil and criminal laws regarding false claims and fraudulent
 billing and coding practices. Such laws require providers to adhere to complex reimbursement requirements regarding proper billing and coding in order to be compensated for their services by government payors. Our compliance program requires
 adherence to applicable law and promotes reimbursement education and training however, a determination that our clinics billing and coding practices are false or fraudulent could have a material adverse effect on us.

As a result of our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental inspections, reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with these
 programs and applicable laws and regulations. In addition, our prior Corporate Integrity Agreement, which expired in February 2021, required annual audits to be performed by an independent review organization on a small sample of our clinics, the
 results of which were reported to the federal government. Managed care payors may also reserve the right to conduct audits. There were no adverse findings noted as a result of the abovementioned audits. An adverse inspection, review, audit or
 investigation could result in refunding amounts we have been paid; fines penalties and/or revocation of billing privileges for the affected clinics; the imposition of a new Corporate Integrity Agreement; exclusion from participation in the
 Medicare or Medicaid programs or one or more managed care payor networks; or damage to our reputation.

We and our clinics are subject to federal and state laws prohibiting entities and individuals from knowingly and willfully making claims to Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs and third
 party payors that contain false or fraudulent information. The federal False Claims Act encourages private individuals to file suits on behalf of the government against healthcare providers such as us. As such suits are generally filed under seal
 with a court to allow the government adequate time to investigate and determine whether it will intervene in the action, the implicated healthcare providers often are unaware of the suit until the government has made its determination and the
 seal is lifted. Violations or alleged violations of such laws, and any related lawsuits, could result in (i) exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, or (ii) significant financial or criminal
 sanctions, resulting in the possibility of substantial financial penalties for small billing errors that are replicated in a large number of claims, as each individual claim could be deemed a separate violation. In addition, many states also have
 enacted similar statutes, which may include criminal penalties, substantial fines, and treble damages.

COMPLIANCE PROGRAM

Our Compliance Program. Our ongoing success depends upon our reputation for quality service and ethical business practices. We operate in a highly regulated
 environment with many federal, state and local laws and regulations. We take a proactive interest in understanding and complying with the laws and regulations that apply to our business.

10 

Table of Contents 

Our Board of Directors (the Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines to clarify the ethical standards under which the Board and
 management carry out their duties. In addition, the Board has created a Compliance Committee of the Board Compliance Committee whose purpose is to assist the Board in discharging their oversight responsibilities with respect to compliance
 with federal and state laws and regulations relating to healthcare.

We have issued a Compliance Manual and created compliance training materials, hand-outs and an on-line testing program. These tools were prepared to ensure that every employee of our Company and
 subsidiaries has a clear understanding of our mutual commitment to high standards of professionalism, honesty, fairness and compliance with the law in conducting business. These standards are administered by our Chief Compliance Officer CCO ),
 who has the responsibility for the day-to-day oversight, administration and development of our compliance program. The CCO, internal and external counsel, management and the Compliance Committee review our policies and procedures for our
 compliance program from time to time in an effort to improve operations and to ensure compliance with requirements of standards, laws and regulations and to reflect the on-going compliance focus areas which have been identified by management,
 counsel or the Compliance Committee. We also have established systems for reporting potential violations, educating our employees, monitoring and auditing compliance and handling enforcement and discipline.

Committees. Our Compliance Committee, appointed by the Board, consists of five independent directors. The Compliance Committee has general oversight of our
 Company s compliance with the legal and regulatory requirements regarding healthcare operations. The Compliance Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of management, the CCO and other compliance and legal personnel. The CCO regularly
 communicates with the Chairman of the Compliance Committee. The Compliance Committee meets at least four times a year or more frequently as necessary to carry out its responsibilities and reports regularly to the Board regarding its actions and
 recommendations.

We also have an Internal Compliance Committee, which is comprised of Company leaders in the areas of operations, clinical services, finance, human resources, legal, information technology and
 credentialing. The Internal Compliance Committee has the responsibility for evaluating and assessing Company areas of risk relating to compliance with federal and state healthcare laws, and generally to assist the CCO. The Internal Compliance
 Committee meets at least four times a year or more frequently as necessary to carry out its responsibilities. In addition, management has appointed a team to address our Company s compliance with HIPAA. The HIPAA team consists of a security
 officer and employees from our legal, information systems, finance, operations, compliance, business services and human resources departments. The team prepares assessments and makes recommendations regarding operational changes and/or new
 systems, if needed, to comply with HIPAA.

Each clinic certified as a Medicare Rehabilitation Agency has a formally appointed governing body composed of a member of our management and the director/administrator of the clinic. The governing
 body retains legal responsibility for the overall conduct of the clinic. The members confer regularly and discuss, among other issues, clinic compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, there are Professional Advisory Committees
 which serve as Infection Control Committees. These committees meet in the facilities and function as advisors.

We have in place a Risk Management Committee consisting of, among others, the CCO, the Vice President of Human Resources, and other legal, compliance and operations personnel. This committee reviews
 and monitors all employee and patient incident reports and provides clinic personnel with actions to be taken in response to the reports.

Reporting Violations. In order to facilitate our employees ability to report in confidence, anonymously and without retaliation any perceived improper
 work-related activities, accounting irregularities and other violations of our compliance program, we have set up an independent national compliance hotline. The compliance hotline is available to receive confidential reports of wrongdoing Monday
 through Friday (excluding holidays), 24 hours a day. The compliance hotline is staffed by experienced third party professionals trained to utilize utmost care and discretion in handling sensitive issues and confidential information. The
 information received is documented and forwarded timely to the CCO, who, together with the Compliance Committee, has the power and resources to investigate and resolve matters of improper conduct.

Educating Our Employees. We utilize numerous methods to train our employees in compliance related issues, including an online learning management system. All
 employees complete a comprehensive training program comprised of numerous modules relating to our business and proper practices when newly hired and annually thereafter. The directors/administrators also provide periodic refresher training for
 existing employees and one-on-one comprehensive training with new hires. The corporate compliance group responds to questions from clinic personnel and conducts frequent teleconference meetings, webinars and training sessions on a variety of
 compliance related topics.

When a clinic opens, we provide a package of compliance materials containing manuals and detailed instructions for meeting Medicare Conditions of Participation Standards and other compliance
 requirements. During follow up training with the director/administrator of the clinic, compliance department staff explain various details regarding requirements and compliance standards. Compliance staff will remain in contact with the
 director/administrator while the clinic is implementing compliance standards and will provide any assistance required. All new office managers receive training (including Medicare, regulatory and corporate compliance, insurance billing, charge
 entry and transaction posting and coding, daily, weekly and monthly accounting reports) from the training staff at the corporate office. The corporate compliance group will assist in continued compliance, including guidance to the clinic staff
 with regard to Medicare certifications, state survey requirements and responses to any inquiries from regulatory agencies.

11 

Table of Contents 

Monitoring and Auditing Clinic Operational Compliance. We have in place audit programs and other procedures to monitor and audit clinic operational compliance
 with applicable policies and procedures. We employ internal auditors who, as part of their job responsibilities, conduct periodic audits of each clinic. Most clinics are audited at least once every 24 months and additional focused audits are
 performed as deemed necessary. During these audits, particular attention is given to compliance with Medicare and internal policies, Federal and state laws and regulations, third party payor requirements, and patient chart documentation, billing,
 reporting, record keeping, collections and contract procedures. The audits are conducted on site or remotely and include interviews with the employees involved in management, operations, billing and accounts receivable.

Formal audit reports are prepared and reviewed with corporate management and the Compliance Committee. Each clinic director/administrator receives a letter instructing them of any corrective measures
 required. Each clinic director/administrator then works with the compliance team and operations to ensure such corrective measures are achieved.

Handling Enforcement and Discipline. It is our policy that any employee who fails to comply with compliance program requirements or who negligently or
 deliberately fails to comply with known laws or regulations specifically addressed in our compliance program should be subject to disciplinary action up to and including discharge from employment. The Compliance Committee, compliance staff, human
 resources staff and management investigate violations of our compliance program and impose disciplinary action as considered appropriate.

Corporate Integrity Agreement. We also performed certain additional compliance related functions pursuant to CIA that we entered into with the OIG. The CIA,
 which became effective as of December 21, 2015, and expired in February 2021, outlined certain specific requirements relating to compliance oversight and program implementation, as well as periodic reporting. In addition, pursuant to the CIA, an
 independent review organization annually performed a Medicare billing and coding audit on a small group of randomly selected Company clinics. Our Compliance Program was modified so as to comply with the requirements of the CIA. The term of the
 CIA was five years and expired in February 2021.

EMPLOYEES

Our strategy is to acquire physical therapy practices, develop outpatient physical therapy clinics as satellites within existing partnerships, acquire industrial injury prevention services businesses, and to continue
 to support the growth of our existing businesses requires a talented workforce that can grow with us. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 6,135 people nationwide, of which approximately 3,570 were full-time employees.

It is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. To attract and retain talented employees, we strive to make our corporate office and all our practices and businesses a diverse and healthy workplace,
 with opportunities for our employees to receive continuing education, skill development, encouragement to grow and develop their career, all supported by competitive compensation, incentives, and benefits. Our clinical professionals are all
 licensed and a vast majority have advanced degrees. Our operational leadership teams have long-standing relationships with local and regional universities, professional affiliations, and other applicable sources that provide our practices with a
 talent pipeline.

We provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet our employees needs in the practices and communities in which they serve. These programs (which can vary by practice and employment
 classification) include competitive base salaries, incentive compensation plans, a 401(k) plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, education assistance, mental health,
 and other employee assistance benefits.

We invest resources to develop the talent needed to support our business strategy. Resources include a multitude of training and development programs delivered internally and externally, online and instructor-led,
 and on-the-job learning formats.

We expect to continue adding personnel in the future as we focus on potential acquisition targets and organic growth opportunities. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 are made available free of charge on our internet website at www.usph.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.

12 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS.

Our business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks. Some of these risks are described below, and readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K should take such risks into
 account in evaluating our Company or making any decision to invest in us. This section does not describe all risks applicable to our Company, our industry or our business, and it is intended only as a summary of material factors affecting our
 business.

Risks related to our business and operations

Decreases in Medicare reimbursement rate may adversely affect our financial results.

The Medicare program reimburses outpatient rehabilitation providers based on the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule MPFS ). For services provided in 2017 through 2019, a 0.5 increase was applied
 to the fee schedule payment rates before applying the mandatory budget neutrality adjustment. For services provided in 2020 through 2025 no adjustment is expected to be applied each year to the fee schedule payment rates, before applying the
 mandatory budget neutrality adjustment.

Statutes, regulations, and payment rules governing the delivery of therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries are complex and subject to interpretation. The Company believes that the Company is
 in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable laws and regulations and are not aware of any pending or threatened investigations involving allegations of potential wrongdoing that would have a material effect on the Company s
 financial statements as of December 31, 2022. Compliance with such laws and regulations can be subject to future government review and interpretation, as well as significant regulatory action including fines, penalties, and exclusion from the
 Medicare program. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net patient revenue from Medicare were approximately 154.9 million and 134.4 million, respectively.

Given the history of frequent revisions to the Medicare program and its reimbursement rates and rules, we may not continue to receive reimbursement rates from Medicare that sufficiently compensate us for our services
 or, in some instances, cover our operating costs. Limits on reimbursement rates or the scope of services being reimbursed could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, any delay
 or default by the federal or state governments in making Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement payments could materially and, adversely, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We expect the federal and state governments to continue their efforts to contain growth in Medicaid expenditures, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

Medicaid spending has increased rapidly in recent years, becoming a significant component of state budgets. This, combined with slower state revenue growth, has led both the federal government and
 many states to institute measures aimed at controlling the growth of Medicaid spending, and in some instances reducing aggregate Medicaid spending. We expect these state and federal efforts to continue for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, not
 all of the states in which we operate, most notably Texas, have elected to expand Medicaid as part of federal healthcare reform legislation. There can be no assurance that the program, on the current terms or otherwise, will continue for any
 particular period of time beyond the foreseeable future. If Medicaid reimbursement rates are reduced or fail to increase as quickly as our costs, or if there are changes in the rules governing the Medicaid program that are disadvantageous to our
 businesses, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Revenue we receive from Medicare and Medicaid is subject to potential retroactive reduction.

Payments we receive from Medicare and Medicaid can be retroactively adjusted after examination during the claims settlement process or as a result of post-payment audits. Payors may disallow our
 requests for reimbursement, or recoup amounts previously reimbursed, based on determinations by the payors or their third-party audit contractors that certain costs are not reimbursable because either adequate or additional documentation was not
 provided or because certain services were not covered or deemed to not be medically necessary. Significant adjustments, recoupments or repayments of our Medicare or Medicaid revenue, and the costs associated with complying with investigative
 audits by regulatory and governmental authorities, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally, from time to time we become aware, either based on information provided by third parties and/or the results of internal audits, of payments from payor sources that were either wholly or
 partially in excess of the amount that we should have been paid for the service provided. Overpayments may result from a variety of factors, including insufficient documentation supporting the services rendered or medical necessity of the
 services or other failures to document the satisfaction of the necessary conditions of payment. We are required by law in most instances to refund the full amount of the overpayment after becoming aware of it, and failure to do so within
 requisite time limits imposed by the law could lead to significant fines and penalties being imposed on us. Furthermore, our initial billing of and payments for services that are unsupported by the requisite documentation and satisfaction of any
 other conditions of payment, regardless of our awareness of the failure at the time of the billing or payment, could expose us to significant fines and penalties. We, and/or certain of our operating companies, could also be subject to exclusion
 from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs in some circumstances as well, in addition to any monetary or other fines, penalties or sanctions that we may incur under applicable federal and/or state law. Our repayment of any such
 amounts, as well as any fines, penalties or other sanctions that we may incur, could be significant and could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

13 

Table of Contents 

From time to time we are also involved in various external governmental investigations, audits and reviews. Reviews, audits and investigations of this sort can lead to government actions, which can
 result in the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs. Failure to
 comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, becoming subject to these governmental investigations, audits and reviews can also
 require us to incur significant legal and document production expenses as we cooperate with the government authorities, regardless of whether the particular investigation, audit or review leads to the identification of underlying issues.

As a result of increased post-payment reviews of claims we submit to Medicare for our services, we may incur additional costs and may be required to repay amounts already paid to
 us.

We are subject to regular post-payment inquiries, investigations and audits of the claims we submit to Medicare for payment for our services. These post-payment reviews have increased as a result of
 government cost-containment initiatives. These additional post-payment reviews may require us to incur additional costs to respond to requests for records and to pursue the reversal of payment denials, and ultimately may require us to refund
 amounts paid to us by Medicare that are determined to have been overpaid.

For a further description of this and other laws and regulations involving governmental reimbursements, see Business Sources of Revenue and Regulation and Healthcare Reform in Item 1.

An economic downturn, state budget pressures, sustained unemployment and continued deficit spending by the federal government may result in a reduction in reimbursement and covered
 services.

An economic downturn, including the consequences of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, could have a detrimental effect on our revenues. Historically, state budget pressures have translated into reductions
 in state spending. Given that Medicaid outlays are a significant component of state budgets, we can expect continuing cost containment pressures on Medicaid outlays for our services in the states in which we operate. In addition, an economic
 downturn, coupled with sustained unemployment, may also impact the number of enrollees in managed care programs as well as the profitability of managed care companies, which could result in reduced reimbursement rates.

The existing federal deficit, as well as deficit spending by federal and state governments as the result of adverse developments in the economy or other reasons, can lead to continuing pressure to
 reduce governmental expenditures for other purposes, including government-funded programs in which we participate, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Such actions in turn may adversely affect our results of operations.

Our debt and financial obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to obtain future financing, and our ability to operate our business.

We have outstanding debt obligations that could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, from time to time, we may
 need additional financing to support our business and pursue our business strategy, including strategic acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional financing, if and when required, will depend on investor demand, our operating performance, the
 condition of the capital markets, and other factors. We cannot provide assurances that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all.

Our loan agreements contain certain restrictions and requirements that among other things:

require us to maintain a quarterly fixed charge coverage ratio and minimum working capital ratio;

limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes;

limit our future ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all;

limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions or in funding our strategic growth plan; and

impose on us financial and operational restrictions.

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by the other risk factors described herein. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay
 our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell our assets, borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on
 terms satisfactory to us, or at all.

14 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to satisfy our debt service obligations or the other restrictions and requirements in our loan agreements, we could be in default. Unless cured or waived, a default would permit lenders to
 accelerate the maturity of the debt under the credit agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt.

Our outstanding loans bear interest at variable rates. In response to the variable rates, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement. We are exposed to certain market risks during the ordinary
 course of business due to adverse changes in interest rates. The exposure to interest rate risk primarily results from our variable-rate borrowing. Fluctuations in interest rates can be volatile and the Company s risk management activities do not
 eliminate these risks. In May 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage these risks. While intended to reduce the effects of fluctuations in these prices and rates, these transactions may limit our potential gains or
 expose us to losses. If our counterparties to such transactions or the sponsors fail to honor their obligations due to financial distress, we would be exposed to potential losses or the inability to recover anticipated gains from these
 transactions.

We depend upon reimbursement by third-party payors.

Substantially all of our revenues are derived from private and governmental third-party payors. In 2022, approximately 62.7 of our revenues were derived collectively from managed care plans,
 commercial health insurers, workers compensation payors, and other private pay revenue sources while approximately 37.3 of our revenues were derived from Medicare and Medicaid. Initiatives undertaken by industry and government to contain
 healthcare costs affect the profitability of our clinics. These payors attempt to control healthcare costs by contracting with healthcare providers to obtain services on a discounted basis. We believe that this trend will continue and may limit
 reimbursement for healthcare services. If insurers or managed care companies from whom we receive substantial payments were to reduce the amounts they pay for services, our profit margins may decline, or we may lose patients if we choose not to
 renew our contracts with these insurers at lower rates. In addition, in certain geographical areas, our clinics must be approved as providers by key health maintenance organizations and preferred provider plans. Failure to obtain or maintain
 these approvals would adversely affect our financial results.

In recent years, through legislative and regulatory actions, the federal government has made substantial changes to various payment systems under the Medicare program. See Business Sources of Revenue
 Physical Therapy Services in Item 1 for more information including changes to Medicare reimbursement. Additional reforms or other changes to these payment systems may be proposed or adopted, either by the U.S. Congress or by CMS, including
 bundled payments, outcomes-based payment methodologies and a shift away from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement. If revised regulations are adopted, the availability, methods and rates of Medicare reimbursements for services of the type
 furnished at our facilities could change. Some of these changes and proposed changes could adversely affect our business strategy, operations and financial results.

Some of our acquisition agreements contain contingent consideration, the value of which may impact future financial results.

Some of our acquisition agreements include contingent earn-out consideration, the fair value of which is estimated as of the acquisition date based on the present value of the expected contingent
 payments as determined using weighted probabilities of possible future payments. These fair value estimates contain unobservable inputs and estimates that could materially differ from the actual future results and we cannot predict the ultimate
 result. The fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration could increase or decrease, as applicable. Changes in the fair value of contingent earn-outs will be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which they are
 recognized, the amount of which may be material and could cause volatility in our operating results.

One of our acquisition agreements contains a Put Right related to a potential future purchase of a majority interest in a separate company.

One of our acquisition agreements includes a Put Right for the potential future purchase of a majority interest in a separate company at a purchase price which is derived based on a specified multiple
 of the separate company s historical earnings. The exercise of the Put Right is outside of our control. In the event the Put Right is triggered, we are required to purchase the aforementioned equity interest at a calculated purchase price. The
 resulting purchase price may be greater than the fair value of such equity interests at the time, and we may or may not have the capital necessary to satisfy such contractual purchase obligation, in which case we could be in breach.

Impact on the business and cash reserves resulting from retirement or resignation of key partners and resulting purchase of their non-controlling interests (minority interests).

As described in Note 6 to our financial statements included in Item 8, the redeemable non-controlling interests in our partnerships are held by our partners. Upon the occurrence of certain events,
 such as retirement or other termination of employment, partners from acquired partnerships may have the right to exercise a put to cause us to purchase their redeemable non-controlling interests. Depending on the amount and timing of the
 exercise of any put rights, the funds required could have an adverse impact on our capital structure.

15 

Table of Contents 

Healthcare reform legislation may affect our business.

In recent years, many legislative proposals have been introduced or proposed in Congress and in some state legislatures that would affect major changes in the healthcare system, either nationally or
 at the state level. At the federal level, Congress has continued to propose or consider healthcare budgets that substantially reduce payments under the Medicare programs. See Business Sources of Revenue in Item 1 for more information. The
 ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare reform legislation and the impact of potential legislation on us is uncertain and difficult, if not impossible, to predict. That impact may be material to our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

Our operations are subject to extensive regulation.

The healthcare industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to:

facility and professional licensure/permits, including certificates of need;

conduct of operations, including financial relationships among healthcare providers, Medicare fraud and abuse, and physician self-referral;

addition of facilities and services; and

coding, billing and payment for services.

In recent years, there have been heightened coordinated civil and criminal enforcement efforts by both federal and state government agencies relating to the healthcare industry. We believe we are in
 substantial compliance with all laws, but differing interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our methods of
 operations, facilities, equipment, personnel, services and capital expenditure programs and increase our operating expenses. If we fail to comply with these extensive laws and government regulations, we could become ineligible to receive
 government program reimbursement, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, we could be forced to expend considerable resources responding to an investigation or other
 enforcement action under these laws or regulations. For a more complete description of certain of these laws and regulations, see Business Regulation and Healthcare Reform and Business Compliance Program in Item 1.

Both federal and state regulatory agencies inspect, survey and audit our facilities to review our compliance with these laws and regulations. While our facilities intend to comply with the existing
 licensing, Medicare certification requirements and accreditation standards, there can be no assurance that these regulatory authorities will determine that all applicable requirements are fully met at any given time. A determination by any of
 these regulatory authorities that a facility is not in compliance with these requirements could lead to the imposition of requirements that the facility takes corrective action, assessment of fines and penalties, or loss of licensure or Medicare
 certification of accreditation. These consequences could have an adverse effect on us.

Our operations are subject to investigations, legal actions and proceedings that could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial position.

Healthcare providers are subject to investigations, legal actions and proceedings, as well as lawsuits under the qui tam provisions of the federal False Claims Act, based on claims that the provider
 failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations that govern coding and the submission of claims for services provided to Medicare patients, among other things. These matters can involve significant costs, monetary damages and penalties. We
 have been subject to these proceedings in the past, and future proceedings could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results.

We face inspections, reviews, audits and investigations under federal and state government programs and contracts. These audits could have adverse findings that may negatively
 affect our business.

As a result of our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental inspections, reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with these
 programs and applicable laws and regulations. Managed care payors may also reserve the right to conduct audits. An adverse inspection, review, audit or investigation could result in:

16 

Table of Contents 

refunding amounts we have been paid pursuant to the Medicare or Medicaid programs or from managed care payors;

state or federal agencies imposing fines, penalties and other sanctions on us;

temporary suspension of payment for new patients to the facility or agency;

decertification or exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or one or more managed care payor networks;

the imposition of a new Corporate Integrity Agreement;

damage to our reputation;

the revocation of a facility s or agency s license and

loss of certain rights under, or termination of, our contracts with managed care payors.

If adverse inspections, reviews, audits or investigations occur and any of the results noted above occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

Our facilities are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy of individually identifiable information.

HIPAA required the HHS to adopt standards to protect the privacy and security of individually identifiable health-related information. The department released final regulations containing privacy
 standards in 2000 and published revisions to the final regulations in 2002. The privacy regulations extensively regulate the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health-related information. The regulations also provide patients with
 significant rights related to understanding and controlling how their health information is used or disclosed. The security regulations require healthcare providers to implement administrative, physical and technical practices to protect the
 security of individually identifiable health information that is maintained or transmitted electronically. HITECH, which was signed into law in 2009, enhanced the privacy, security and enforcement provisions of HIPAA by, among other things
 establishing security breach notification requirements, allowing enforcement of HIPAA by state attorneys general, and increasing penalties for HIPAA violations. Violations of HIPAA or HITECH could result in civil or criminal penalties.

In addition to HIPAA, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State
 statutes and regulations vary from state to state. Lawsuits, including class actions and action by state attorneys general, directed at companies that have experienced a privacy or security breach also can occur.

We have established policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with these privacy related requirements. However, if there is a breach, we may be subject to various penalties and damages
 and may be required to incur costs to mitigate the impact of the breach on affected individuals.

In conducting our business, we are required to comply with applicable laws regarding fee-splitting and the corporate practice of medicine.

Some states prohibit the corporate practice of therapy that restricts business corporations from providing physical therapy services through the direct employment of therapist physicians or from
 exercising control over medical decisions by therapists. The laws relating to corporate practice vary from state to state and are not fully developed in each state in which we have facilities. Typically, however, professional corporations owned
 and controlled by licensed professionals are exempt from corporate practice restrictions and may employ therapists to furnish professional services. Those professional corporations may be managed by business corporations, such as the Company. 

Some states also prohibit entities from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as fee-splitting, with physicians or therapists. The laws relating to fee-splitting also vary from state to
 state and are not fully developed. Generally, these laws restrict business arrangements that involve a physician or therapist sharing medical fees with a referral source, but in some states, these laws have been interpreted to extend to
 management agreements between physicians or therapists and business entities under some circumstances.

We believe that our current and planned activities do not constitute fee-splitting or the unlawful corporate practice of medicine as contemplated by these state laws. However, there can be no
 assurance that future interpretations of such laws will not require structural and organizational modification of our existing relationships with the practices. If a court or regulatory body determines that we have violated these laws or if new
 laws are introduced that would render our arrangements illegal, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, our contracts could be found legally invalid and unenforceable (in whole or in part), or we could be required to restructure our
 contractual arrangements with our affiliated physicians and other licensed providers.

We are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 ).

Our operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as COVID-19 that has spread globally. Since early 2020, the continued spread has led to disruption
 and volatility in the global capital markets, which increases the cost of, and adversely impacts access to, capital and increases economic uncertainty.

17 

Table of Contents 

COVID-19 is having, and will continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations and supply chains, including a temporary loss of physical therapists and other employees who are infected or
 quarantined for a period of time, an increase in cancellations of physical therapy patient appointments and a decline in the scheduling of new or additional patient appointments. Due to these impacts and measures, we have experienced, and will
 continue to experience, significant and unpredictable impact on employees and reductions and cancellations of our patient visits.

We may be adversely affected by a security breach, such as a cyber-attack, which may cause a violation of HIPAA or HITECH and subject us to potential legal and reputational harm.

In the normal course of business, our information technology systems hold sensitive patient information including patient demographic data and other protected health information, which is subject to
 HIPAA and HITECH. We also contract with third-party vendors to maintain and store our patients individually identifiable health information. Numerous state and federal laws and regulations address privacy and information security concerns
 resulting from our access to our patient s and employee s personal information.

Our information technology systems and those of our vendors that process, maintain, and transmit such data are subject to computer viruses, cyber-attacks, or breaches. We adhere to policies and
 procedures designed to ensure compliance with HIPAA and other privacy and information security laws and require our third-party vendors to do so as well. If, however, we or our third-party vendors experience a breach, loss, or other compromise of
 unsecured protected health information or other personal information, such an event could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, lawsuits, reputational harm, and increased costs to us, any of which could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Furthermore, while our information technology systems, and those of our third-party vendors, are maintained with safeguards protecting against cyber-attacks. A cyber-attack that bypasses our
 information technology security systems, or those of our third-party vendors, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, our future results could be adversely
 affected due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of protected health information, other confidential data or proprietary business information, operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of information
 technology systems and subsequent mitigation activities, or regulatory action taken as a result of such incident. We provide our employees training and regular reminders on important measures they can take to prevent breaches. We routinely
 identify attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems. However, given the rapidly evolving nature and proliferation of cyber threats, there can be no assurance our training and network security measures or other controls will detect,
 prevent, or remediate security or data breaches in a timely manner or otherwise prevent unauthorized access to, damage to, or interruption of our systems and operations. Accordingly, we may be vulnerable to losses associated with the improper
 functioning, security breach, or unavailability of our information systems as well as any systems used in acquired operations.

We depend upon the cultivation and maintenance of relationships with the physicians in our markets.

Our success is dependent upon referrals from physicians in the communities our clinics serve and our ability to maintain good relations with these physicians and other referral sources. Physicians
 referring patients to our clinics are free to refer their patients to other therapy providers or to their own physician owned therapy practice. If we are unable to successfully cultivate and maintain strong relationships with physicians and other
 referral sources, our business may decrease and our net operating revenues may decline.

Our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees.

Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures
 with respect to prevailing wage rates and unemployment levels. We compete with rehabilitation companies and other businesses for many of our clinical and non-clinical employees, and turnover in these positions can lead to increased training and
 retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there are currently
 significant inflationary and other pressures on wages. If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs and reduced revenues, which could adversely affect our earnings.

We depend upon our ability to recruit and retain experienced physical therapists.

Our revenue generation is dependent upon referrals from physicians in the communities our clinics serve, and our ability to maintain good relations with these physicians. Our therapists are the front
 line for generating these referrals and we are dependent on their talents and skills to successfully cultivate and maintain strong relationships with these physicians. If we cannot recruit and retain our base of experienced and clinically skilled
 therapists, our business may decrease and our net operating revenues may decline. Periodically, we have clinics in isolated communities that are temporarily unable to operate due to the unavailability of a therapist who satisfies our standards.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may also experience increases in our labor costs, primarily due to higher wages and greater benefits required to attract and retain qualified healthcare personnel, and such increases may adversely
 affect our profitability. Furthermore, while we attempt to manage overall labor costs in the most efficient way, our efforts to manage them may have limited effectiveness and may lead to increased turnover and other challenges.

Failure to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate
 basis.

We are required to produce our consolidated financial statements in accordance with the requirements of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Effective internal
 control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, to help mitigate the risk of fraud and to operate successfully. We are required by federal securities laws to document and test our internal control
 procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.

We may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with applicable law, or our independent registered public accounting
 firm may not be able to issue an unqualified attestation report if we conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, or our independent
 registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an unqualified attestation report on our internal control, we could be required to take costly and time-consuming corrective measures, be required to restate the affected historical
 financial statements, be subjected to investigations and/or sanctions by federal and state securities regulators, and be subjected to civil lawsuits by security holders. Any of the foregoing could also cause investors to lose confidence in our
 reported financial information and in us and would likely result in a decline in the market price of our stock and in our ability to raise additional financing if needed in the future.

Our revenues may fluctuate due to weather.

We have a significant number of clinics in states that normally experience snow and ice during the winter months. Also, a significant number of our clinics are located in states along the Gulf Coast
 and Atlantic Coast which are subject to periodic winter storms, hurricanes and other severe storm systems. Periods of severe weather may cause physical damage to our facilities or prevent our staff or patients from traveling to our clinics, which
 may cause a decrease in our net operating revenues.

We operate in a highly competitive industry.

We encounter competition from local, regional or national entities, some of which have superior resources or other competitive advantages. Intense competition may adversely affect our business,
 financial condition or results of operations. For a more complete description of this competitive environment, see Business Competition in Item 1. An adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations may require us to
 write down goodwill.

We may incur closure costs and losses.

The competitive, economic or reimbursement conditions in our markets in which we operate may require us to reorganize or to close certain clinics. In the event a clinic is reorganized or closed, we
 may incur losses and closure costs. The closure costs and losses may include, but are not limited to, lease obligations, severance, and write-down or write-off of goodwill and other intangible assets.

19 

Table of Contents 

Future acquisitions may use significant resources, may be unsuccessful and could expose us to unforeseen liabilities.

As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue pursuing acquisitions of outpatient physical therapy clinics and industrial injury prevention services businesses. Acquisitions may involve
 significant cash expenditures, potential debt incurrence and operational losses, dilutive issuances of equity securities and expenses that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquisitions involve
 numerous risks, including:

the difficulty and expense of integrating acquired personnel into our business;

the diversion of management s time from existing operations 

the potential loss of key employees of acquired companies;

the difficulty of assignment and/or procurement of managed care contractual arrangements; and

the assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies, including liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare regulations.

Employer and other contracted customers may terminate their relationship with us which could adversely affect the business . 

In our industrial injury prevention services business, we perform services for large employers and their employees pursuant to contracts and other services agreement. These contracts and other services agreements
 are able to be terminated by the employer-clients on little or short notice, and either a breach or termination of those contractual arrangements by such clients could cause operating results to be less than expected. Similarly, in our
 rehabilitation business, we have management and other services agreements with hospitals, physician groups and other ancillary providers; either a breach or termination of those contractual arrangements by such clients could cause operating
 results to be less than expected.

Risks related to our common stock

Issuance of shares in connection with financing transactions or under stock incentive plans will dilute current stockholders.

Pursuant to our stock incentive plans, our Compensation Committee of the Board, consisting solely of independent directors, is authorized to grant stock awards to our employees, directors and
 consultants. Shareholders will incur dilution upon the exercise of any outstanding stock awards or the grant of any restricted stock. In addition, if we raise additional funds by issuing additional common stock, or securities convertible into or
 exchangeable or exercisable for common stock, further dilution to our existing stockholders will result, and new investors could have rights superior to existing stockholders.

The number of shares of our common stock eligible for future sale could adversely affect the market price of our stock. 

At December 31, 2022, we had reserved approximately 185,117 shares for future equity grants. We may issue additional restricted securities or register additional shares of common stock under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in the future. The issuance of a significant number of shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options or the availability for sale, or sale, of a substantial number of the
 shares of common stock eligible for future sale under effective registration statements, under Rule 144 or otherwise, could adversely affect the market price of the common stock.

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if that change would be beneficial to our stockholders.

Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay, discourage, prevent or render more difficult an attempt to obtain control of our company, whether through a tender offer,
 business combination, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions include the charter authorization of blank check preferred stock and a restriction on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES. 

We lease the properties used for our clinics under non-cancelable operating leases with terms ranging from one to five years, with the exception of the property for one clinic which we own. We intend
 to lease the premises for any new clinic locations except in rare instances where leasing is not a cost-effective alternative. Our typical clinic occupies 1,000 to 7,000 square feet. There are 19 clinics occupying space in the range of over 7,000
 square feet to 13,500 square feet.

We also lease our executive offices located in Houston, Texas, under a non-cancelable operating lease expiring in February 2028. We currently lease approximately 44,000 square feet of space (including
 allocations for common areas) at our executive offices.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are a party to various legal actions, proceedings, and claims (some of which are not insured), and regulatory and other governmental audits and investigations in the ordinary course of our
 business. We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of pending litigation, proceedings, and regulatory and other governmental audits and investigations. These matters could potentially subject us to sanctions, damages, recoupments, fines, and other
 penalties. The Department of Justice, CMS, or other federal and state enforcement and regulatory agencies may conduct additional investigations related to our businesses in the future that may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.

20 

Table of Contents 

Healthcare providers are subject to lawsuits under the qui tam provisions of the federal False Claims Act. Qui tam lawsuits typically remain under seal for some time while the government decides
 whether or not to intervene on behalf of a private qui tam plaintiff (known as a relator) and take the lead in the litigation. These lawsuits can involve significant monetary damages and penalties and award bounties to private plaintiffs who
 successfully bring the suits. We have been a defendant in these cases in the past, and may be named as a defendant in similar cases from time to time in the future.

Prior Florida Legal Matter

In 2019, a qui tam lawsuit the Complaint was filed by a relator on behalf of the United States against the Company and one of our Florida majority-owned subsidiaries (the Hale Partnership ). 
 This whistleblower lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, seeking damages and civil penalties under the federal False Claim Act. The U.S Government declined to intervene in the case and unsealed the
 Complaint in July 2019. The Complaint alleged that the Hale Partnership engaged in conduct to purposely upcode its billings for services provided to Medicare patients. The plaintiff-relator also claimed that similar false claims occurred on
 other days and at other Company-owned partnerships.

In January 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the plaintiff-relator. In the settlement agreement, the plaintiff-relator released all defendants from liability for all conduct
 alleged in the Complaint, and the Company admitted no liability or wrongdoing. In connection with the settlement, the Office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas agreed to a dismissal of the claims against the Hale
 Partnership and the Company. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company agreed to make aggregate payments to the government, the plaintiff-relator and her counsel of 2.8 million.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not Applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Our common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE since August 14, 2012 under the symbol USPH. Prior to that, our common stock was traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under
 the symbol USPH . As of February 28, 2023, there were 83 holders of record of our outstanding common stock.

DIVIDENDS

On February 21, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.43 per share which will be paid on April 7, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2023. During 2022, we paid a quarterly
 dividend of 0.41 per quarter, totaling 1.64 per share for the year, which amounted to total aggregate cash payments of dividends to holders of our common stock in 2022 of approximately 21.3 million. During 2021, we paid a quarterly dividend of
 0.35 for the first and second quarters and 0.38 per share for each of the third and fourth quarters, totaling 1.46 per share for the year, which amounted to total aggregate cash payments of dividends to holders of our common stock in 2021 of
 approximately 18.8 million. During 2020, we paid a cash dividend for the first quarter of 2020 of 0.32 per share on all shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of April 17, 2020 which amounted to 4.1 million. We are currently
 restricted from paying dividends on our common stock in excess of 50,000,000 in any fiscal year on our common stock under the Credit Agreement (as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources ).

FIVE YEAR PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The performance graph and related description shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we
 specifically incorporate this information by reference. In addition, the performance graph and the related description shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C.

On August 14, 2012, our common stock began trading on NYSE. The following performance graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock to The NYSE Composite Index and the
 NYSE Health Care Index for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested in our common stock and the common stock of each of the companies listed on The NYSE Composite Index and The NYSE
 Health Care Index on December 31, 2017 and that any dividends were reinvested.

21 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Five Years Cumulative Total Return for the Year Ended December 31, 2022

12/17 

12/18 

12/19 

12/20 

12/21 

12/22 

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc 

 100 

142 

158 

167 

132 

112 

NYSE Composite 

100 

89 

109 

113 

134 

119 

NYSE Healthcare Index 

100 

107 

127 

141 

171 

165 

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED.

22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Our reportable segments consist of the physical therapy operations segment and the industrial injury prevention services segment. Through our subsidiaries, we operate outpatient physical therapy
 clinics that provide pre-and post-operative care for a variety of orthopedic-related disorders and sports-related injuries, treatment for neurological-related injuries and rehabilitation of injured workers. We also have majority interests in
 companies which are leading providers of industrial injury prevention services IIP ). Services provided in these businesses include onsite injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization, post-offer employment testing, functional
 capacity evaluations and ergonomic assessments. The majority of these services are contracted with and paid for directly by employers, including a number of Fortune 500 companies. Other clients include large insurers and their contractors. These
 services are performed through Industrial Sports Medicine Professionals, consisting of both physical therapists and specialized certified athletic trainers (ATCs).

During the last three years, we completed the acquisitions of eleven multi-clinic practices and two industrial injury prevention services businesses as detailed below:

Interest

Number of

Acquisition

Date

Acquired

Clinics

November 2022 Acquisition

November 30, 2022

80 

13

October 2022 Acquisition

October 31, 2022

60 

14

September 2022 Acquisition

September 30, 2022

80 

2

August 2022 Acquisition

August 31, 2022

70 

6

March 2022 Acquisition

March 31, 2022

70 

6

December 2021 Acquisition

December 31, 2021

75 

3

November 2021 Acquisition

November 30, 2021

70 

September 2021 Acquisition

September 30, 2021

100 

June 2021 Acquisition

June 30, 2021

65 

8

March 2021 Acquisition

March 31, 2021

70 

6

November 2020 Acquisition

November 30, 2020

75 

3

September 2020 Acquisition

September 30, 2020

70 

February 2020 Acquisition

February 27, 2020

65 

4

Industrial injury prevention services business

The business includes six management contracts which have been in place for a number of years. As of the date acquired, the contracts had a remaining term of five years.

The four clinics are in four separate partnerships. The Company's interest in the four partnerships range from 10.0 to 83.8 , with an overall 65.0 based on the initial purchase
 transaction.

Besides the multi-clinic acquisitions referenced in the table above, during 2022 and 2021, we purchased the assets and business of three individual physical therapy clinics in separate transactions.
 The clinics operate as satellite clinics of three of our existing clinic partnerships.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold five clinics and closed eleven clinics. The aggregate sales price was 0.3 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold two clinics for an
 aggregate sales price of 0.1 million, and we closed three clinics. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we closed 34 clinics, and we sold 14 previously closed clinics for an aggregate sales price was 1.1 million. Of the total sales price,
 0.7 million was paid in cash and 0.4 million in a note receivable which was fully received in June 2022.

We intend to continue to pursue additional acquisition opportunities as well as open new clinics and satellite clinics.

23 

Table of Contents 

Impact of COVID-19

As previously disclosed in various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), our results were negatively impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic especially in the years
 ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and we cannot predict any future impact on our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.

Relief Funds 

In March 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the federal government approved the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The CARES Act provided additional waivers, reimbursement,
 grants and other funds to assist health care providers during the COVID-19 pandemic, including 100.0 billion in appropriations for the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund, also referred to as the Provider Relief Fund, to be used for
 preventing, preparing, and responding to the coronavirus, and for reimbursing eligible health care providers for lost revenues and health care related expenses that are attributable to COVID-19. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we
 recorded income of approximately 4.6 million and 13.5 million of payments under the CARES Act Relief Funds respectively. Under our accounting policy, these payments were recorded as Other income Relief Funds. These funds are not required
 to be repaid upon attestation and compliance with certain terms and conditions, which could change materially based on evolving grant compliance provisions and guidance provided by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Currently, we
 can attest and comply with the terms and conditions. We will continue to monitor the evolving guidelines and may record adjustments as additional information is released.

Medicare Accelerated and Advance Payment Program MAAPP Funds 

The CARES Act allowed for qualified healthcare providers to receive advanced payments under the existing MAAPP funds during the COVID-19 pandemic. Under this program, healthcare providers could choose to receive
 advanced payments for future Medicare services provided. We applied for and received approval to receive MAAPP Funds from Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services in April 2020. We recorded the 14.1 million in advance payments received as a
 liability. During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, we repaid the MAAPP funds of 14.1 million rather than applying them to future services performed.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Critical accounting policies are those that have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial position involving significant estimates requiring our judgment. Our critical
 accounting policies are:

Revenue Recognition.

Revenues are recognized in the period in which services are rendered. Net patient revenue consists of revenues for physical therapy and occupational therapy clinics that provide pre-and post-operative
 care and treatment for orthopedic related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers and neurological-related injuries. Net patient revenue (patient revenues less estimated contractual adjustments 
 described below) is recognized at the estimated net realizable amounts from third-party payors, patients and others in exchange for services rendered when obligations under the terms of the contract are satisfied. There is an implied contract
 between us and the patient upon each patient visit. Separate contractual arrangements exist between us and third-party payors (e.g. insurers, managed care programs, government programs, and workers' compensation programs) which establish the
 amounts the third parties pay on behalf of the patients for covered services rendered. While these agreements are not considered contracts with the customer, they are used for determining the transaction price for services provided to the
 patients covered by the third-party payors. The payor contracts do not indicate performance obligations for us but indicate reimbursement rates for patients who are covered by those payors when the services are provided. At that time, we are
 obligated to provide services for the reimbursement rates stipulated in the payor contracts. The execution of the contract alone does not indicate a performance obligation. For self-paying customers, the performance obligation exists when we
 provide the services at established rates. The difference between our established rate and the anticipated reimbursement rate is accounted for as an offset to revenue contractual allowance.

Management contract revenue, which is included in other revenue in the consolidated statements of net income, is derived from contractual arrangements whereby we manage a clinic owned by a third
 party. We do not have any ownership interest in these clinics. Typically, revenues are determined based on the number of visits conducted at the clinic and recognized at the point in time when services are performed. Costs, typically salaries for
 our employees, are recorded when incurred.

Revenues from the industrial injury prevention services business, which are also included in other revenues in the consolidated statements of net income, are derived from onsite services we provide to
 clients employees including injury prevention, rehabilitation, ergonomic assessments and performance optimization. Revenue from the industrial injury prevention services business is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract are
 satisfied. Revenues are recognized at an amount equal to the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for providing injury prevention services to our clients. The revenue is determined and recognized based on the number of hours and
 respective rate for services provided in a given period.

24 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, other revenue includes services we provide on-site at locations such as schools and industrial worksites for physical or occupational therapy services, athletic trainers and gym
 membership fees. Contract terms and rates are agreed to in advance between us and the third parties. Services are typically performed over the contract period and revenue is recorded at the point of service. If the services are paid in advance,
 revenue is recorded as a contract liability over the period of the agreement and recognized at the point in time when the services are performed.

We determine allowances for credit losses based on the specific agings of receivables and payor classifications at each clinic. The provision for credit losses is included in clinic operating costs in
 the statements of net income. Patient accounts receivable, which are stated at the historical carrying amount net of contractual allowances, write-offs and allowance for credit losses, includes only those amounts we estimate to be collectible. 

The following table details the revenue related to the various categories (in thousands):

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

Net patient revenue

464,590

438,330

373,340

Other revenue

3,407

2,939

2,020

Net patient revenue from physical therapy operations

467,997

441,269

375,360

Revenue from management contracts

8,095

9,853

8,410

Revenue from industrial injury prevention services

77,052

43,900

39,199

Total revenue

553,144

495,022

422,969

Contractual Allowances. Contractual allowances result from the differences between the rates charged for services performed and expected reimbursements by
 both insurance companies and government sponsored healthcare programs for such services. Medicare regulations and the various third-party payors and managed care contracts are often complex and may include multiple reimbursement mechanisms
 payable for the services provided in our clinics. We estimate contractual allowances based on our interpretation of the applicable regulations, payor contracts and historical calculations. Each month we estimate our contractual allowance for each
 clinic based on payor contracts and the historical collection experience of the clinic and apply an appropriate contractual allowance reserve percentage to the gross accounts receivable balances for each payor of the clinic. Based on our
 historical experience, calculating the contractual allowance reserve percentage at the payor level is sufficient to allow us to provide the necessary detail and accuracy with our collectability estimates. However, the services authorized and
 provided and related reimbursement are subject to interpretation that could result in payments that differ from our estimates. Payor terms are periodically revised necessitating continual review and assessment of the estimates made by management.
 Our billing systems may not capture the exact change in our contractual allowance reserve estimate from period to period. Therefore, in order to assess the accuracy of our revenues and hence our contractual allowance reserves, our management
 regularly compares our cash collections to corresponding net revenues measured both in the aggregate and on a clinic-by-clinic basis. In the aggregate, the historical difference between net revenues and corresponding cash collections in any given
 fiscal year has generally reflected a difference within approximately 1.0 to 1.5 of net revenues. Additionally, analysis of subsequent period s contractual write-offs on a payor basis reflects a difference within approximately 1.0 to 1.5 
 between the actual aggregate contractual reserve percentage as compared to the estimated contractual allowance reserve percentage associated with the same period end balance. As a result, we believe that a reasonable likely change in the
 contractual allowance reserve estimate would not be more than 1 to 1.5 of gross billings in accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. For purposes of demonstrating the sensitivity of this estimate on our Company s financial condition, a 1 to
 1.5 increase or decrease in our aggregate contractual allowance reserve percentage would decrease or increase, respectively, net patient revenue by approximately 1.4 million to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management
 believes the changes in the estimate of the contractual allowance reserve for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 have not been material to the statement of income.

The following table sets forth information regarding our patient accounts receivable as of the dates indicated (in thousands):

December 31,

2022

2021

Gross patient accounts receivable

144,758

129,524

Less contractual allowances

89,995

80,484

Subtotal - accounts receivable

54,763

49,040

Less allowance for credit losses

2,829

2,768

Net patient accounts receivable

51,934

46,272

25 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents our patient accounts receivable aging by payor class as of the dates indicated (in thousands):

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Current to

Current to

Payor 

120 Days

120+ Days

Total

120 Days

120+ Days

Total

Managed Care/ Commercial Plans

16,439

2,168

18,607

13,985

2,381

16,366

Medicare/Medicaid

15,987

1,657

17,644

13,442

1,636

15,078

Workers Compensation 

5,996

1,341

7,337

5,600

1,312

6,912

Self-pay

4,048

3,338

7,386

4,371

3,316

7,687

Other 

1,463

2,326

3,789

1,168

1,829

2,997

Totals

43,933

10,830

54,763

38,566

10,474

49,040

Workers compensation is paid by state administrators or their designated agents.

Other includes primarily litigation claims and, to a lesser extent, vehicular insurance claims.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the amount paid and fair value of the non-controlling interests over the fair value of the acquired business assets, which include certain identifiable intangible
 assets. Historically, goodwill has been derived from acquisitions and, prior to 2009, from the purchase of some or all of a particular local management s equity interest in an existing clinic. Effective January 1, 2009, if the purchase price of a
 non-controlling interest by the Company exceeds or is less than the book value at the time of purchase, any excess or shortfall is recognized as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital.

Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are instead subject to periodic impairment evaluations. The fair value of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets
 with indefinite lives are evaluated for impairment at least annually and upon the occurrence of certain events or conditions and are written down to fair value if considered impaired. These events or conditions include but are not limited to a
 significant adverse change in the business environment, regulatory environment, or legal factors; a current period operating, or cash flow loss combined with a history of such losses or a projection of continuing losses; or a sale or disposition
 of a significant portion of a reporting unit. The occurrence of one of these events or conditions could significantly impact an impairment assessment, necessitating an impairment charge. We evaluate indefinite-lived tradenames in conjunction with
 our annual goodwill impairment test.

We operate our business through two segments consisting of our physical therapy clinics and our industrial injury prevention services business. For purposes of goodwill impairment analysis, each of
 our segments is further broken down into reporting units. Reporting units within our physical therapy business comprise of regions primarily based on each clinic s location. In addition to the six regions, in 2022 and 2021, the industrial injury
 prevention services businesses consisted of two reporting units.

As part of the impairment analysis, we are first required to assess qualitatively if we can conclude whether goodwill is more likely than not impaired. If goodwill is more likely than not impaired, we
 are then required to complete a quantitative analysis of whether a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. In evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
 amount, we consider relevant events or circumstances that affect the fair value or carrying amount of a reporting unit. We consider both the income and market approach in determining the fair value of its reporting units when performing a
 quantitative analysis. 

An impairment loss generally would be recognized when the carrying amount of the net assets of a reporting unit, inclusive of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets, exceeds the estimated
 fair value of the reporting unit. The evaluation of goodwill in 2021 and 2020 did not result in any goodwill amounts that were deemed impaired.

In 2022, we recorded a charge for goodwill impairment of 9.1 million related to one reporting unit in the industrial injury prevention services business. The impairment is related to a change in the
 reporting unit s current and projected operating income as well as various inputs based on current market conditions, including the higher interest rate environment.

No impairment was recognized as part of our annual assessment of goodwill for the other seven reporting units.

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest

The non-controlling interests that are reflected as redeemable non-controlling interest in our consolidated financial statements consist of those owners, including us, that have certain redemption
 rights, whether currently exercisable or not, and which currently, or in the future, require that we purchase or the owner sell the non-controlling interest held by the owner, if certain conditions are met and the owners request the purchase
 Put Right ). We also have a call right Call Right ). The Put Right or Call Right may be triggered by the owner or us, respectively, at such time as both of the following events have occurred: 1) termination of the owner s employment,
 regardless of the reason for such termination, and 2) the passage of specified number of years after the closing of the transaction, typically three to five years, as defined in the limited partnership agreement. The Put Rights and Call Rights
 are not automatic (even upon death) and require either the owner or us to exercise our rights when the conditions triggering the Put or Call Rights have been satisfied. The purchase price is derived at a predetermined formula based on a multiple
 of trailing twelve months earnings performance as defined in the respective limited partnership agreements.

26 

Table of Contents 

On the date we acquire a controlling interest in a partnership and the limited partnership agreement for such partnerships contains redemption rights not under our control, the fair
 value of the non-controlling interest is recorded in the consolidated balance sheet under the caption Redeemable non-controlling interest . Then, in
 each reporting period thereafter until it is purchased by us, the redeemable non-controlling interest is adjusted to the greater of its then current redemption value or initial value, based on the predetermined formula defined in the respective
 limited partnership agreement. As a result, the value of the non-controlling interest is not adjusted below its initial value. We record any adjustment in the redemption value, net of tax, directly to retained earnings and not in the
 consolidated statements of income. Although the adjustments are not reflected in the consolidated statements of income, current accounting rules require that we reflect the adjustments, net of tax, in the earnings per share calculation. The
 amount of net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest owners is included in consolidated net income on the face of the consolidated statement of income . We believe the redemption
 value (i.e. the carrying amount) and fair value are the same. 

Non-Controlling Interest

We recognize non-controlling interests, in which we have no obligation but the right to purchase the non-controlling interests, as equity in the consolidated financial statements separate from the
 parent entity s equity. The amount of net income attributable to non-controlling interests is included in consolidated net income on the face of the consolidated statements of income. Operating losses are allocated to non-controlling interests
 even when such allocation creates a deficit balance for the non-controlling interest partner. When we purchase a non-controlling interest and the purchase differs from the book value at the time of purchase, any excess or shortfall is recognized
 as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The defined terms with their respective description used in the following discussion are listed below:

2022 Year

Year ended December 31, 2022

2021 Year

Year ended December 31, 2021

Clinic Additions

Clinics opened or acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

2022 Clinic Additions

Clinics opened or acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022

2021 Clinic Additions

Clinics opened or acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021

Clinics Additions

Clinics opened or acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Mature Clinics

Clinics opened or acquired prior to January 1, 2021 and are still operating

Selected Operating and Financial Data

The following table presents selected operating and financial data, used by management as key indicators of our operating performance:

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Number of clinics at the end of period

640

591

Working Days

255

254

Average visits per day per clinic

28.7

29.1

Total patient visits

4,483,282

4,219,576

Net patient revenue per visit

103.63

103.88

2022 Compared to 2021

For the 2022 Year, our net income attributable to our shareholders was 32.2 million as compared to 40.8 million for the 2021 Year. In accordance with current accounting guidance, the revaluation of redeemable
 non-controlling interest, net of taxes, is not included in net income but charged directly to retained earnings; however, the charge for this change is included in the earnings per basic and diluted share calculation. Including the charge for
 revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest, net of taxes, the amount is 29.3 million, or earnings per diluted share of 2.25, for the 2022 Year, and 31.1 million, or earnings per diluted share of 2.41 for the 2021 Year. See table below (in thousands, except per share data): 

27 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Computation of earnings per share - USPH shareholders:

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

32,158

40,831

Charges to retained earnings:

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest

(3,890

(13,011

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state) of 25.55 

994

3,324

29,262

31,144

Earnings per share (basic and diluted)

2.25

2.41

Non-GAAP Measures

Operating Results and Adjusted EBITDA are not measures of financial performance under GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA and Operating Results should not be considered in isolation or as
 an alternative to, or substitute for, net income attributable to USPH shareholders presented in the consolidated financial statements.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to our shareholders before interest income, interest expense, taxes, depreciation, amortization, goodwill impairment
 charges, change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration, Relief Funds, changes in revaluation of put-right liability, equity-based awards compensation expense, settlement of a legal matter, and related portion for non-controlling
 interests.

Operating Results, a non-GAAP measure, equals net income attributable to our diluted shareholders per the consolidated statements of income, less a goodwill impairment charge
 related to the industrial injury prevention services acquisition in November 2021 IIP Acquisition ), changes in fair value of contingent consideration, expenses related to executive officer transitions, settlement of a legal matter, and any
 allocations to non-controlling interests, all net of taxes. Operating Results per diluted share also exclude the impact of the revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest and the associated tax impact.

The tables (in thousands, except per share data) below reconcile net income attributable to our shareholders calculated in accordance with GAAP to Operating Results and Adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP measures defined
 above. We use Operating Results and Adjusted EBITDA, which eliminate certain items described above that can be subject to volatility and unusual costs, as one the principal measures to evaluate and monitor financial performance period over
 period. We believe that Operating Results and Adjusted EBITDA are useful information for investors to use in comparing the Company's period-to-period results as well as for comparing with other similar businesses since most do not have
 redeemable instruments and therefore have different equity structures.

28 

Table of Contents 

See table below for a detailed computation (in thousands, except per share data): 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021 

Computation of earnings per share - USPH shareholders:

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

32,158

40,831

Charges to retained earnings:

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest

(3,890

(13,011

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state) of 25.55 

994

3,324

29,262

31,144

Earnings per share (basic and diluted)

2.25

2.41

Adjustments:

Goodwill impairment charge

9,112

-

Change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration

(2,520

-

Change in revaluation of put-right liability

5

-

Expenses related to executive officer transitions

-

1,301

Relief Funds

-

(4,597

Settlement of a legal matter

-

2,635

Allocation to non-controlling interests

(2,734

676

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest

3,890

13,011

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state)

(1,981

(3,328

Operating Results (a non-GAAP measure)

35,034

40,842

Relief Funds

-

4,597

Allocation to non-controlling interests

-

(715

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state) of 25.55 

-

(992

Operating Results (including Relief Funds) (a non-GAAP measure)

35,034

43,732

Basic and diluted Operating Results per share (a non-GAAP measure)

Including Relief Funds

2.70

3.39

Excluding Relief Funds

2.70

3.17

Shares used in computation - basic and diluted

12,985

12,898

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

32,158

40,831

Adjustments:

Depreciation and amortization

14,743

11,591

Goodwill impairment

9,112

-

Change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration

(2,520

-

Settlement of a legal matter

-

2,635

Other and interest income

(859

(199

Change in revaluation of put-right liability

5

-

Interest expense - debt and other, net

5,779

942

Provision for income taxes

12,164

15,272

Equity-based awards compensation expense

7,264

7,867

Allocation to non-controlling interests

(4,185

(1,277

Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure)

73,661

77,662

Relief Funds

-

(4,597

Allocation to non-controlling interests

-

715

Adjusted EBITDA (excluding Relief Funds) (a non-GAAP measure)

73,661

73,780

Revised to conform to current year presentation.

29 

Table of Contents 

For the 2022 Year, our Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, was 73.7 million, as compared to 73.8 million, excluding Relief Funds for the 2021 Year. Adjusted EBITDA including Relief Funds for the
 2022 Year and 2021 Year was 73.7 million and 77.7 million, respectively.

For the 2022 Year, the Company s Operating Results, a non-GAAP measure, was 35.0 million, or 2.70 per diluted share, as compared to 40.8 million (excluding Relief Funds), or 3.17 per diluted share, for the 2021
 Year. For the 2021 Year, the Company s Operating Results including Relief Funds was 43.7 million, or 3.39 per diluted share.

Reported total revenue

Reported total revenue for the 2022 Year was 553.1 million, an increase of 11.7 as compared to 495.0 million for the 2021 Year. See

table below for a detail of reported total revenue (in thousands):

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Revenue related to Mature Clinics

421,806

420,093

Revenue related to 2022 Clinic Additions

14,779

-

Revenue related to 2021 Clinic Additions

25,211

12,638

Revenue from clinics sold or closed in 2022

2,794

5,143

Revenue from clinics sold or closed in 2021

-

456

Net patient revenue from physical therapy operations

464,590

438,330

Other revenue

3,407

2,939

Revenue from physical therapy operations

467,997

441,269

Revenue from management contracts

8,095

9,853

Revenue from industrial injury prevention services

77,052

43,900

Total revenue

553,144

495,022

Net patient revenue from physical therapy operations

Net patient revenue from physical therapy operations and other revenue from physical therapy operations increased 26.7 million, or 6.1 , to 468.0 million for the 2022 Year from 441.3 million in the
 2021 Year. Included in net patient revenue from physical therapy operations are revenues related to clinics sold or closed of 2.8 million for the 2022 Year and 5.6 million for the 2021 Year. During the 2022 Year, we sold our interest in five
 clinics and closed eleven clinics. Excluding revenue from the clinics sold or closed, net patient revenue from physical therapy operations was approximately 461.8 million for the 2022 Year and 432.7 million for the 2021 Year, an increase of
 5.0 . Revenue related to Mature Clinics increased 1.7 million, or 0.4 , for the 2022 Year compared to the 2021 Year.

The average net patient revenue per visit was 103.63 for the 2022 Year as compared to 103.88 for the 2021 Year, including all clinics operational during such periods. Total patient visits were
 4,483,282 for the 2022 Year and 4,219,576 for the 2021 Year, an increase of 6.2 .

Other revenue from physical therapy operations, management contracts and industrial injury prevention services

Other revenue was 3.4 million in the 2022 Year and 2.9 million in the 2021 Year. Revenues from management contracts were 8.0 million in the 2022 Year as compared to 9.9 million in the 2021 Year. IIP services
 revenue increased 75.5 to 77.1 million for the 2022 Year as compared to 43.9 million for the 2021 Year. The 2022 Year includes revenue of 26.7 million related to the IIP Acquisition, compared to 2.2 million in the 2021 Year.

Operating cost

Total operating cost was 441.1 million for the 2022 Year, or 79.7 of total revenue, as compared to 377.8 million or 76.3 of total revenue for the 2021 Year. Included in operating cost
 for the 2022 Year was 33.2 million related to Clinic Additions, of which 20.8 million was associated with the 2021 Clinic Additions. Included in operating cost for 2021 was 10.3 million related to 2021 Clinic Additions. Operating cost related
 to Mature Clinics increased by 16.7 million for the 2022 Year compared to the 2021 Year. Operating cost related to management contracts decreased by 1.9 million in the 2022 Year compared to the 2021 Year. In addition, operating cost related to
 the industrial injury prevention services business increased by 27.9 million for the comparable period of which 22.4 million related to the industrial injury prevention services acquisition in November 2021. We experienced pressure on labor
 rates and other costs in the 2022 Year due to the inflationary economic environment.

30 

Table of Contents 

See table below for a detail of operating cost (in thousands):

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Operating cost related to Mature Clinics

337,606

320,882

Operating cost related to 2022 Clinic Additions

12,425

74

Operating cost related to 2021 Clinic Additions

20,792

10,299

Operating cost related to clinics sold or closed in 2022

2,810

4,561

Operating cost related to clinics sold or closed in 2021

-

512

Operating cost related to physical therapy operations

373,633

336,328

Operating cost related to management contracts

6,402

8,306

Operating cost related to industrial injury prevention services

61,085

33,206

Total operating cost

441,120

377,840

Operating Cost Salaries and Related Costs

Salaries and related costs increased to 319.2 million for the 2022 Year from 278.5 million in 2021, an increase of 40.7 million, or 14.6 . Included in salaries and related costs related to 2022
 Clinic Additions for the 2022 Year was 8.0 million. Salaries and related costs for clinics sold or closed in the 2022 Year and the 2021 Year were 1.8 million and 3.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Salaries and related costs for Mature
 Clinics increased 9.2 million in the 2022 Year compared to the 2021 Year. Salaries and related costs for management contracts decreased 1.7 million in the 2022 Year compared to the 2021 Year. Salaries and related costs for the industrial injury
 prevention services business increased 19.6 million for the comparable periods. Salaries and related costs as a percentage of net revenues were 57.7 for the 2022 Year and 56.3 for the 2021 Year. Salaries and related costs for physical therapy
 operations were 59.52 per visit in the 2022 Year as compared to 57.20 per visit in the 2021 Year, an increase of 2.32. See table below for a detail of salaries and related costs (in thousands):

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Physical therapy operations

Salaries and related costs related to Mature Clinics

243,131

233,951

Salaries and related costs related to 2022 Clinic Additions

8,059

-

Salaries and related costs related to 2021 Clinic Additions

13,688

6,668

Salaries and related costs related to clinics sold or closed in 2022

1,848

3,073

Salaries and related costs related to clinics sold or closed in 2021

-

248

Salaries and related costs related to physical therapy operations

266,726

243,940

Salaries and related costs related to management contracts

5,634

7,316

Salaries and related costs related to industrial injury prevention services

46,831

27,213

Total salaries and related costs

319,191

278,469

Operating Cost Rent, Supplies, Contract Labor and Other

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs increased to 116.4 million in the 2022 Year from 94.1 million in the 2021 Year, an increase of 22.3 million, or 23.7 . Included in rent, supplies,
 contract labor and other costs for 2022 and 2021 related to Clinic Additions was 10.9 million in 2022 and 3.6 million in 2021. Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs for clinics related to partnership interests closed or sold in 2022
 and 2021 were 0.9 million and 1.7 million, respectively. Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to Mature Clinics increased by 7.8 million in the 2022 Year compared to the 2021 Year. Rent, supplies, contract labor and other
 costs as a percent of net revenues was 21.0 for 2022 and 19.0 for 2021. Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs for physical therapy operations were 19.53 per visit in 2022 as compared to 18.77 per visit in 2021, an increase of 0.78
 per visit. See table below for a detail of rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs (in thousands):

31 

Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Physical therapy operations

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to Mature Clinics

89,534

81,750

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to 2022 Clinic Additions

4,167

71

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to 2021 Clinic Additions

6,777

3,539

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to clinics sold or closed in 2022

868

1,422

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to clinics sold or closed in 2021

-

301

Total Physical therapy operations

101,346

87,083

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to physical therapy management contracts

768

990

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs related to industrial injury prevention services

14,267

5,993

Total rent, supplies, contract labor and other costs

116,381

94,066

Operating Cost Provision for Credit Losses 

The provision for credit losses for net patient receivables was 5.5 million for 2022 and 5.3 million for 2021. As a percentage of net patient revenues, the provision for credit
 losses was 1.0 for 2022 and 1.1 for 2021. The provision for credit losses at the end of each period is based on a detailed, clinic-by-clinic review of overdue accounts and is regularly reviewed in the aggregate in light of historical
 experience.

Our provision for credit losses as a percentage of total patient accounts receivable was 5.17 on December 31, 2022, and 5.64 at December 31, 2021.

The average accounts receivable days outstanding was 31 days on December 31, 2022 and 32 days on December 31, 2021. Net patient receivables in the amounts of 5.5 million and 4.6
 million were written-off in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gross Profit

Gross profit was 112.0 million for 2022, a decrease of 5.2 million, or 4.4 as compared to 117.2 million for 2021. The gross profit percentage was 20.3 of total revenue for 2022 as
 compared to 23.7 for 2021. The gross profit percentage for our physical therapy operations was 20.2 for 2022 as compared to 23.8 for 2021. The gross profit percentage on management contracts was 20.9 for 2022 as compared to 15.7 for 2021. 
 The gross profit percentage for industrial injury prevention services was 20.7 for 2022 as compared to 24.4 for 2021. Gross profit in the 2022 Year was affected by pressure on labor rates and other costs due to the inflationary
 economic environment. The IIP margin in 2022 was impacted by the lower margin profile of the IIP Acquisition. The table below details the gross profit (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Physical therapy operations

94,364

104,941

Management contracts

1,693

1,547

Industrial injury prevention services

15,967

10,694

Gross profit

112,024

117,182

Goodwill Impairment

In 2022, we recorded a charge for goodwill impairment of 9.1 million related to the IIP Acquisition. The impairment is related to a change in the IIP Acquisition s current and projected operating income as well as
 various inputs based on current market conditions, including the higher interest rate environment.

Corporate Office Costs

Corporate office costs were 46.1 million for 2022 compared to 46.5 million for 2021. Corporate office costs were 8.3 of total revenue for 2022 as compared to 9.4 for 2021. The decrease was
 primarily due to lower estimated bonus expense in 2022 as compared to 2021.

Operating Income

Operating income for 2022 was 56.8 million, and 70.6 million for 2021. Operating income as a percentage of total revenue was 10.3 for 2022 as compared to 14.3 for 2021.

32 

Table of Contents 

Change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration

We revalued contingent earn-out consideration related to some of our acquisitions resulting in the elimination of 2.5 million of liabilities previously booked in 2022.

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate

Through a subsidiary, we have a 49 joint venture interest in a company which provides physical therapy services for patients at hospitals. Since we are deemed to not have a controlling interest in
 the joint venture, our investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The investment balance of this joint venture as of December 31, 2022, is 12.1 million. For 2022, we recognized income of 1.2 million on this joint
 venture.

Change in Revaluation of Put-Right Liability

For the 2022 Year, the valuation of the put-right liability remained relatively the same. The put right relates to the potential future purchase of a company that provides
 physical therapy and rehabilitation services to hospitals and other ancillary providers in a distinct market area. The owners have the right to put this transaction to us in approximately five years from November 2021 with such right having a 3.5 million value as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet in Other long-term liabilities. The value of this right will continue to be adjusted in future periods, as
 appropriate. 

Other and interest income

Other and interest income amounted to 0.9 million primarily derived from a gain of 0.6 million from the sales of various clinics during the 2022 Year. Other and interest income was 0.2
 million in the 2021 Year.

Interest Expense Debt and Other, net

Interest expense debt, net and other primarily from the 150 million term loan and revolving credit facility entered into in June 2022, details of which are disclosed in Note 10 to our financial
 statements included in Item 8, amounted to 5.8 million mostly due to higher borrowings. See discussion of Other Comprehensive Income below. Interest expense, primarily from our revolving line of credit, was 0.9 million for the 2021 Year.

Provision for Income Taxes

The provision for income tax was 12.2 million for 2022 and 15.3 million for 2021. The provision for income tax as a percentage of income before taxes less net income attributable to non-controlling
 interest (effective tax rate) was 27.4 for 2022 and 27.2 for 2021. See table below in thousands):

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Income before taxes

55,571

73,196

Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest:

Redeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity

(6,902

(11,358

Non-controlling interest - permanent equity

(4,347

(5,735

(11,249

(17,093

Income before taxes less net income attributable to non-controlling interest

44,322

56,103

Provision for income taxes

12,164

15,272

Percentage

27.4

27.2

Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interest

Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (temporary equity) was 6.9 million for 2022 and 11.4 million for 2021. Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (permanent
 equity) was 4.3 million for 2022 and 5.7 million for 2021. During 2022, 2.7 million of the goodwill impairment charge related to redeemable non-controlling interest (temporary equity).

33 

Table of Contents 

Other Comprehensive Income

We entered into an interest rate swap agreement in May 2022, which became effective on June 30, 2022. The maturity date of the swap agreement is June 30, 2027. It has a 150 million notional value adjusted
 concurrently with scheduled principal payments made on the term loan. Beginning in July 2022, we pay a fixed one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR of interest of 2.815 . The total interest rate in any period also includes an
 applicable margin based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. In the 2022 Year, our interest rate including the applicable margin was 4.665 . Unrealized gains and losses related to the fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded to
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. The fair value of the interest rate swap at December 31, 2022, was 5.4 million, which has been included within Other assets (current and long term) in the accompanying Consolidated
 Balance Sheet. The impact of the interest rate swap on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income was an unrealized gain of 4.0 million, net of tax, for the 2022 Year.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

We believe that our business has sufficient cash to allow us to meet our short-term cash requirements. On December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had 31.6 million and 28.6 million,
 respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and availability under our Credit Facilities are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of our operating subsidiaries through at least December 31,
 2023.

Cash and cash equivalents increased by 3.0 million from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. During the 2022 Year, 58.5 million was provided by operations and 65.1 million, net of payments,
 was provided by proceeds on our Credit Agreement (described below). The major uses of cash for investing and financing activities included: distributions to non-controlling interests inclusive of those classified as redeemable non-controlling
 interest 15.3 million), dividends paid to our shareholders 21.3 million), purchase of non-controlling interest 74.8 million), and purchase of fixed assets 8.2 million).

On June 17, 2022, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement among Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent Administrative Agent and the lenders
 from time-to-time party thereto.

The Credit Agreement, which matures on June 17, 2027, provides for loans in an aggregate principal amount of 325 million. Such loans will be available through the following facilities (collectively,
 the Senior Credit Facilities ):

1) Revolving Facility: 175 million, five-year, revolving credit facility Revolving Facility ), which includes a 12 million sublimit
 for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a 15 million sublimit for swingline loans (each, a Swingline Loan ). 

2) Term Facility: 150 million term loan facility (the Term Facility ). The Term Facility amortizes in quarterly installments of: (a)
 0.625 in each of the first two years, (b) 1.250 in the third and fourth year, and (c) 1.875 in the fifth year of the Credit Agreement. The remaining outstanding principal balance of all term loans is due on the maturity date. 

The proceeds of the Revolving Facility have been and shall continue to be used by us for working capital and other general corporate purposes of our Company and its subsidiaries, including to fund
 future acquisitions and invest in growth opportunities. The proceeds of the Term Facility were used by us to refinance the indebtedness outstanding under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, to pay fees and expenses incurred in
 connection with the loan facilities transactions, for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

We will be permitted to increase the Revolving Facility and/or add one or more tranches of term loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of (i) 100 million plus (ii) an unlimited additional
 amount, provided that (in the case of clause (ii)), after giving effect to such increases, the pro forma Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) would not exceed 2.0:1.0, and the aggregate amount of all incremental
 increases under the Revolving Facility does not exceed 50,000,000.

The interest rates per annum applicable to the Senior Credit Facilities (other than in respect of Swingline Loans) will be Term SOFR as defined in the agreement plus an applicable margin or, at our
 option, an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin. Currently, our interest rate including the applicable margin is 4.665 . Interest is payable at the end of the selected interest period but no less frequently than quarterly and on the date
 of maturity.

We will also pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each lender under the Revolving Facility, a commitment fee equal to the actual daily excess of each lender s commitment over its
 outstanding credit exposure under the Revolving Facility unused fee ). We may prepay and/or repay the revolving loans and the term loans, and/or terminate the revolving loan commitments, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or
 penalty, subject to certain conditions.

The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants limiting, among other things, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the creation of liens, mergers, consolidations, liquidations and
 dissolutions, sales of assets, dividends, and other payments in respect of equity interests, acquisitions, investments, loans and guarantees, subject, in each case, to customary exceptions, thresholds and baskets. The Credit Agreement includes
 certain financial covenants which include the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default.

34 

Table of Contents 

Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by our wholly owned material domestic subsidiaries (each, a Guarantor ), and our obligations and any Guarantors are secured by a perfected
 first priority security interest in substantially all of our existing and future personal property and each Guarantor, subject to certain exceptions.

In May 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement, effective on June 30, 2022, with Bank of America, N.A, which became effective on June 30, 2022. It has a 150 million notional value
 adjusted concurrently with schedule principal payments made on the term loan, and has a maturity date of June 30, 2027. Beginning in July 2022, we receive 1-month SOFR, and pay a fixed rate of interest of 2.815 on 1-month SOFR on a quarterly
 basis. The total interest rate in any period also includes an applicable margin based on our consolidated leverage ratio. In connection with the swap, no cash was exchanged between us and the counterparty.

We designated its interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge and structured it to be highly effective. Consequently, unrealized gains and losses related to the fair value of the interest rate swap are
 recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax.

On December 31, 2022, 150.0 million was outstanding on the Term Loan and the Revolving Facility remains available resulting in 175.0 million of availability. As of December 31, 2022, we were in
 compliance with all of the covenants thereunder. Through the date of this report, we have drawn 31.0 million on the Revolving Facility.

On November 30, 2022, we acquired an 80 interest in a thirteen-clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained 20 of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 80 equity
 interest was approximately 25.0 million, of which 24.2 million was paid in cash and 0.8 million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 7.0 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on November 30, 2024.

On October 31, 2022, we acquired an 60 interest in a fourteen-clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained 40 of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 60 equity
 interest was approximately 19.5 million, with a potential additional amount to be paid at a later date based on the performance of the business. This contingent consideration had a fair value of 8.3 million on December 31, 2022. The fair value
 of this contingent consideration will be adjusted quarterly based on certain criteria and market inputs.

On September 30, 2022, we acquired an 80 interest in a two-clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained 20 of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 80 equity interest
 was approximately 4.2 million, of which 3.9 million was paid in cash and 0.3 million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 5.5 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on September 30, 2024.

On August 31, 2022, we acquired a 70 interest in a six-clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained 30 of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 70 equity interest was
 approximately 3.5 million, of which 3.3 million was paid in cash and 0.2 million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 5.5 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on August 31, 2024.

On March 31, 2022, we acquired a 70 interest in a six-clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained 30 of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 70 equity interest was
 approximately 11.5 million, of which 11.2 million was paid in cash and 0.3 million is in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 3.5 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on March 31, 2024.

On December 31, 2021, we acquired a 75 interest in a three-clinic physical therapy practice with the practice founder retaining 25 . The purchase price for the 75 interest was approximately 3.7
 million, of which 3.5 million was paid in cash and 0.2 million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 3.25 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on December 31, 2023.

On November 30, 2021, we acquired approximately 70 interest in a leading provider of industrial injury prevention services. The previous owners retained the
 remaining interest. The initial purchase price for the 70 equity interest was 63.2 million not inclusive of additional contingent consideration of 2.0 million if certain operational objectives were met, of which 62.2 million was paid in
 cash, and 1.0 million is in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 3.25 and the principal and interest is payable on November 30, 2023. The Company revalued the contingent earn-out consideration related to the acquisition
 during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in the elimination of the 2.0 million liability previously booked. As part of this transaction, the previous owners have a put right which relates to the potential future purchase of a
 company that provides physical therapy and rehabilitation services to hospitals and other ancillary providers in a distinct market area. The owners have the right to put this transaction to us in approximately five years from November 2021, with such put right having a fair value of 3.5 million on November 30, 2021. The fair value of this put right remained 3.5 million on December 31, 2022 , as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet in Other
 long-term liabilities. The value of this right will be adjusted in future periods, as appropriate, with any change in fair value reflected in our consolidated statement of income. 

35 

Table of Contents 

On September 30, 2021, we acquired a company that specializes in return-to-work and ergonomic services, among other offerings. The business generates more than 2.0 million in annual revenue. We
 acquired the company s assets at a purchase price of approximately 3.3 million (which includes the obligation to pay an amount up to 0.6 million in contingent payment consideration in conjunction with the acquisition if specified future
 operational objectives are met) and contributed those assets to our IIP subsidiary. The initial purchase price, not inclusive of the 0.6 million contingent payment, was approximately 2.7 million, of which 2.4 million was paid in cash, and 0.3
 million is in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 3.25 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on September 30, 2023.

On June 30, 2021, we acquired a 65 interest in an eight-clinic physical therapy practice with the practice founders retaining 35 . The purchase price was approximately 10.3 million, of which 9.0
 million was paid in cash, 1.0 million was payable based on the achievement of certain business criteria and 0.3 million is in the form of a note payable. The business criteria were met and accordingly 1.0 million was paid in July 2022. The
 note accrues interest at 3.25 per annum and the principal and interest are payable on June 30, 2023. Additionally, we have an obligation to pay an additional amount up to 0.8 million in contingent payment consideration in conjunction with the
 acquisition if specified future operational objectives are met. We recorded acquisition-date fair value of this contingent liability based on the likelihood of the contingent earn-out payment. The earn-out payment will subsequently be remeasured
 to fair value each reporting date.

On March 31, 2021, we acquired a 70 interest in a five-clinic physical therapy practice with the practice founders retaining 30 . When acquired, the practice was developing a sixth clinic which has
 been completed. The purchase price for the 70 interest was approximately 12.0 million, of which 11.7 million was paid in cash and 0.3 million is in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 3.25 per annum and the principal
 and interest are payable on March 31, 2023.

Historically, we have generated sufficient cash from operations to fund our development activities and to cover operational needs. We plan to continue developing new clinics and making additional
 acquisitions. We have from time to time purchased the non-controlling interests of limited partners in our Clinic Partnerships. We may purchase additional non-controlling interests in the future. Generally, any acquisition or purchase of
 non-controlling interests is expected to be accomplished using a combination of cash and financing. Any large acquisition would likely require financing.

We make reasonable and appropriate efforts to collect accounts receivable, including applicable deductible and co-payment amounts. Claims are submitted to payors daily, weekly or monthly in accordance
 with our policy or payor s requirements. When possible, we submit our claims electronically. The collection process is time consuming and typically involves the submission of claims to multiple payors whose payment of claims may be dependent upon
 the payment of another payor. Claims under litigation and vehicular incidents can take a year or longer to collect. Medicare and other payor claims relating to new clinics awaiting CMS approval initially may not be submitted for six months or
 more. When all reasonable internal collection efforts have been exhausted, accounts are written off prior to sending them to outside collection firms. With managed care, commercial health plans and self-pay payor type receivables, the write-off
 generally occurs after the account receivable has been outstanding for 120 days or longer.

We have future obligations for debt repayments, employment agreements and future minimum rentals under operating leases. The obligations as of December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows (in
 thousands):

Total

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Credit Agreement

179,126

3,751

4,687

7,500

9,375

153,813

-

Notes Payable

6,430

4,516

1,914

-

-

-

-

Interest Payable

292

221

71

-

-

-

-

Employee Agreements

64,311

58,624

5,687

-

-

-

-

Operating Leases

143,740

45,074

35,572

26,440

18,081

10,613

7,960

393,899

112,186

47,931

33,940

27,456

164,426

7,960

We generally enter into various notes payable as a means of financing our acquisitions. Our present outstanding notes payable primarily relate to the acquisitions of a business or acquisitions of
 majority interests in businesses. At December 31, 2022, our remaining outstanding balance on these notes aggregated 6.4 million.

The notes payable for the acquisition of businesses of 6.4 million are payable in 2023 and 2024. Notes are generally payable in equal annual installments of principal over two years plus any accrued
 and unpaid interest. See above table for a detail of future principal payments. Interest accrues at various interest rates ranging from 3.25 to 7.0 per annum.

The limited partnership agreements, as amended, provide that, upon the triggering events, we have a Call Right and the selling entity or individual has a Put Right for the purchase and sale of the
 limited partnership interest held by the partner. Once triggered, the Put Right and the Call Right do not expire, even upon an individual partner s death, and contain no mandatory redemption feature. The purchase price of the partner s limited
 partnership interest upon the exercise of either the Put Right or the Call Right is calculated per the terms of the respective agreements and classified as redeemable non-controlling interest (temporary equity) in our consolidated balance sheets.
 The fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interest at December 31, 2022 was 167.5 million.

As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued 8.1 million related to credit balances and overpayments due to patients and payors. This amount is expected to be paid in 2023. 

From September 2001 through December 31, 2008, our Board of Directors Board authorized us to purchase, in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, up to 2,250,000 shares of our
 common stock. In March 2009, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 10 or approximately 1,200,000 shares of our common stock March 2009 Authorization ). Our Amended Credit Agreement permits share repurchases of up to 15,000,000 in the
 aggregate, subject to compliance with covenants. We are required to retire shares purchased under the March 2009 Authorization.

There is no expiration date for the share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, there are currently an additional estimated 185,117 shares (based on the closing price of 81.03 on December 31,
 2022) that may be purchased from time to time in the open market or private transactions depending on price, availability and our cash position. We did not purchase any shares of our common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022, and
 2021.

We have an investment in a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 

36 

Table of Contents 

FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE RESULTS

The risks related to our business and operations include:

the multiple effects of the impact of public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of COVID-19 and its variants, for which the total financial magnitude cannot be currently
 estimated;

changes in Medicare rules and guidelines and reimbursement or failure of our clinics to maintain their Medicare certification and/or enrollment status 

revenue we receive from Medicare and Medicaid being subject to potential retroactive reduction 

changes in reimbursement rates or payment methods from third party payors including government agencies, and changes in the deductibles and co-pays owed by patients 

compliance with federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy of individually identifiable patient information, and associated fines and penalties for failure to comply 

competitive, economic or reimbursement conditions in our markets which may require us to reorganize or close certain clinics and thereby incur losses and/or closure costs including the possible write-down
 or write-off of goodwill and other intangible assets;

one of our acquisition agreements contains a Put Right related to a future purchase of a majority interest in a separate company;

the impact of COVID-19 related vaccination and/or testing mandates at the federal, state and/or local level, which could have an adverse impact on staffing, revenue, costs and the results of operations:

our debt and financial obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to obtain future financing and our ability to operate our business;

changes as the result of government enacted national healthcare reform 

business and regulatory conditions including federal and state regulations 

governmental and other third party payor inspections, reviews, investigations and audits, which may result in sanctions or reputational harm and increased costs 

revenue and earnings expectations 

legal actions, which could subject us to increased operating costs and uninsured liabilities 

general economic conditions, including but not limited to inflationary and recessionary periods;

our business depends on hiring, training, and retaining qualified employees

availability and cost of qualified physical therapists 

competitive environment in the industrial injury prevention services business, which could result in the termination or non-renewal of contractual service arrangements and other adverse financial
 consequences for that service line;

acquisitions, and the successful integration of the operations of the acquired businesses;

impact on the business and cash reserves resulting from retirement or resignation of key partners and resulting purchase of their non-controlling interest (minority interests);

maintaining our information technology systems with adequate safeguards to protect against cyber-attacks 

a security breach of our or our third party vendors information technology systems may subject us to potential legal action and reputational harm and may result in a violation of the Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act;

maintaining clients for which we perform management, industrial injury prevention related services, and other services, as a breach or termination of those contractual arrangements by such clients could
 cause operating results to be less than expected;

maintaining adequate internal controls;

maintaining necessary insurance coverage 

availability, terms, and use of capital and

weather and other seasonal factors.

See also Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

We maintain an interest rate swap arrangement which is considered a derivative instrument. Our indebtedness as of December 31, 2022, was the outstanding balance of seller notes from our acquisitions
 of 6.4 million, and an outstanding balance on our Credit Agreement of 179.1 million, which includes a term note with a balance now of 148.1 million and 31.0 million drawn under our Revolving Facility. The Revolving Facility is subject to
 fluctuating interest rates. A 1 change in the interest rate would yield an additional 0.3 million of interest expense. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.

37 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED INFORMATION

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID Number 248 

39 

Audited Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

42 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

43 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

44 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

45 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

46 

38 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders

U.S Physical Therapy, Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of U.S Physical Therapy, Inc. (a Nevada corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule
 included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
 results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.

Basis for opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
 on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
 and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
 used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical audit matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
 matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
 disclosures to which they relate.

Measurement of Patient Revenue Net of Contractual Adjustments

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, revenues are recognized in the period in which services are rendered. Net patient revenues (patient
 revenues less estimated contractual adjustments) are recognized at the estimated net realizable amounts from third-party payors, patients and others in exchange for services rendered when obligations under the terms of the contract are satisfied.
 The Company has agreements with third-party payors that provide for payments at amounts different from its established rates. Each month the Company estimates its contractual adjustment for each clinic based on the terms of third-party payor
 contracts and the historical collection and write-off experience of the clinic and applies a contractual adjustment reserve percentage to the gross accounts receivable balances. The Company then performs a comparison of cash collections to
 corresponding net revenues for the prior twelve months. We identified the measurement of contractual adjustments as a critical audit matter.

The principal consideration for our determination that the measurement of contractual adjustments is a critical audit matter is that the estimate requires a high
 degree of auditor subjectivity in evaluating management s assumptions related to projecting future collection patterns across the various clinic locations.

Our audit procedures related to the Company s measurement of contractual adjustments included the following, among others . 

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to billing and cash collections, net rate trend analysis by clinic and cash
 collections versus net revenue trend analysis.

For a sample of patient visits, we inspected and compared underlying documents for each transaction, which included gross billing rates and cash collected
 (net revenue).

For a sample of patient visits, we traced gross billings and net revenue to net revenue recorded in the general ledger and to each report used in
 determining and assessing the contractual adjustment calculation.

We compared cash collections to recorded net revenue over the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022 and again for the twelve month period ended in
 the first month subsequent to period end, to identify whether there were unusual trends that would indicate that the usage of historical collection patterns would no longer be reasonable to predict future collection patterns.

Goodwill Impairment assessment fair value of a reporting unit

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, goodwill is tested by the Company s management for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or
 circumstances indicate potential impairment. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. For the year ended December 31, 2022, management prepared
 a quantitative impairment analysis for a reporting unit included in the industrial injury prevention services segment. The Company engaged a third-party valuation specialist for the estimation of fair values of the reporting unit. We
 identified the estimation of the fair value of this reporting unit as a critical audit matter.

The principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of the fair value of this reporting unit is a critical audit matter is that there was high
 estimation uncertainty due to significant judgments with respect to assumptions used to project the future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, EBITDA and EBITDA margins, as well as the discount rate and the valuation methodologies applied
 by the third-party valuation specialist.

Our audit procedures related to the estimation of the fair value of this reporting unit included the following, among others.

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over management s review of the assumptions used to project future cash flows, the selection
 of an appropriate discount rate, and valuation methodologies applied.

We utilized valuation specialists to evaluate:

o

The appropriateness of the methodologies applied,

o

the reasonableness of the discount rate, and

o

the qualifications of the third-party valuation specialist engaged by the Company based on their credentials and experience.

We assessed the reasonableness of assumptions applied by management in their future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, EBITDA, and EBITDA margins.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004.

Houston, Texas

February 28, 2023

39 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders

 U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Opinion on internal control over financial reporting

 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (a Nevada corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of
 December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial
 statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for opinion

 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
 regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
 maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
 necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
 and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ 

February 28, 2023 

40 

Table of Contents 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data)

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Patient accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and , respectively

Accounts receivable - other

Other current assets

Total current assets

Fixed assets:

Furniture and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Fixed assets, gross

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

Fixed assets, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Goodwill

Other identifiable intangible assets, net

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST, USPH

 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable - trade

Accounts payable - due to seller of acquired business 

Accrued expenses

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Current portion of term loan and notes payable

Total current liabilities

Notes payable, net of current portion

Revolving line of credit

Term Loan, net of current portion and deferred financing costs 

Deferred taxes

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion

Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Redeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity

Commitments and Contingencies

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. USPH shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated other comprehensive gain

Retained earnings

Treasury stock at cost, shares

Total USPH shareholders equity

Non-controlling interest - permanent equity

Total USPH shareholders equity and non-controlling interest - permanent equity

Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest, USPH shareholders equity and
 non-controlling interest - permanent equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

41 

Table of Contents 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

Net patient revenue

Other revenue

Net revenue 

Operating cost: 

Salaries and related costs

Rent, supplies, contract labor and other

Provision for credit losses

Total operating cost

Gross profit

Goodwill impairment 

Corporate office costs

Operating income

Other income and expense

Relief Funds

Gain on sale of partnership interest and clinics

Settlement of a legal matter 

Resolution of a payor matter 

Change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate

Interest and other income, net

Change in revaluation of put-right liability

Interest expense - debt and other

Total other income and expense

Income before taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net income

Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest: 

Redeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity

Non-controlling interest - permanent equity

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to USPH shareholders

Shares used in computation - basic and diluted

Dividends declared per common share

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

42 

Table of Contents 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE

INCOME

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

Net income

Other comprehensive income

Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state) of 

Comprehensive income

Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest

Comprehensive income attributable to USPH shareholders

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

43 

Table of Contents 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

(In thousands)

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Common Stock 

Additional 

Accumulated Other 

Retained 

Treasury Stock 

Total Shareholders 

Non-Controlling 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-In Capital 

Comprehensive Loss 

Earnings 

Shares 

Amount 

Equity 

Interests 

Total 

Balance January 1, 2020 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest, net of tax

Compensation expense - equity-based awards

-

-

Transfer of compensation liability for certain stock issued pursuant to long-term incentive plans

-

-

Purchase of partnership interests - non-controlling interest

- 

- 

Sale of non-controlling interest, net of purchases and tax

-

-

Dividends paid to USPH shareholders

-

-

Distributions to non-controlling interest partners - permanent equity

-

-

Deferred taxes related to redeeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity

- 

Other

-

-

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest - permanent equity

-

-

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

-

-

Balance December 31, 2020 

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated Other 

Retained

Treasury Stock

Total Shareholders 

Non-Controlling 

Shares

Amount

Paid-In Capital 

Comprehensive Gain 

Earnings 

Shares

Amount

Equity 

Interests 

Total 

Balance Jan 1, 2021 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest, net of tax

Compensation expense - equity-based awards

-

-

Transfer of compensation liability for certain stock issued pursuant to long-term incentive plans

-

-

Purchase of partnership interests - non-controlling interest

-

-

Sale of non-controlling interest, net of purchases and tax

-

-

Dividends paid to USPH shareholders

-

-

Distributions to non-controlling interest partners - permanent equity

-

-

Short swing profit settlement 

- 

Other

-

-

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest - permanent equity

-

-

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

-

-

Balance December 31, 2021

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated Other 

Retained

Treasury Stock

Total Shareholders 

Non-Controlling 

Shares

Amount

Paid-In Capital 

Comprehensive Gain 

Earnings 

Shares

Amount

Equity 

Interests 

Total 

Balance Jan 1, 2022 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest, net of tax

Compensation expense - equity-based awards

-

-

Transfer of compensation liability for certain stock issued pursuant to long-term incentive plans 

- 

Purchase of partnership interests - non-controlling interest

-

-

Sale of non-controlling interest, net of purchases 

-

-

Dividends paid to USPT shareholders

-

-

Distributions to non-controlling interest partners - permanent equity

-

-

Deferred taxes related to redeeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity 

- 

Other

-

)

-

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest - permanent equity

-

-

Net income attributable to USPH shareholders

-

-

Other comprehensive gain 

- 

Balance December 31, 2022

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

44 

Table of Contents 

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands)

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income including non-controlling interest and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates, net

Adjustments to reconcile net income including non-controlling interest to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Provision for credit losses

Equity-based awards compensation expense

Deferred income taxes

Gain on sale of partnership interest

Derecognition (write-off) of goodwill - closed clinics 

Change in revaluation of put-right liability

Change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration

(Gain) loss on sale of clinics and fixed assets

Impairment of Goodwill

Earnings in unconsolidated affiliate 

Other

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Increase in patient accounts receivable

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable - other

(Decrease) increase in other assets 

(Decrease) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses

(Decrease) increase in other long-term liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of fixed assets

Purchase of majority interest in businesses, net of cash acquired

Purchase of redeemable non-controlling interest, temporary equity

Purchase of non-controlling interest, permanent equity

Proceeds on sale of partnership interest - redeemable non-controlling interest

Sales of partnership interest, clinics and fixed assets

Distributions from unconsolidated affiliate 

Sale of non-controlling interest - permanent 

Net cash used in investing activities

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Distributions to non-controlling interest, permanent and temporary equity

Cash dividends paid to shareholders

Proceeds from revolving line of credit

Proceeds from term loan

Payments on revolving line of credit

Payments on term loan

Principal payments on notes payable

(Payment) receipt of Medicare Accelerated and Advance Funds

Payment of deferred financing costs

Other

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION

Cash paid during the period for:

Income taxes

Interest paid 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions during the period:

Purchase of businesses - seller financing portion

Notes payable related to purchase of redeemable non-controlling interest, temporary equity

Notes payable related to purchase of non-controlling interest, permanent equity

Notes receivable related to sale of partnership interest - redeemable non-controlling interest

Notes receivable related to sale of partnership interest

See notes to
 consolidated financial statements. 

45 

Table of Contents 

U.S.
 PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

reportable business segments. The Company s reportable segments include the physical therapy operations segment and the industrial injury prevention services segment IIP ). The
 Company s physical therapy operations consist of physical therapy and occupational therapy clinics that provide pre-and post-operative care and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventive care, rehabilitation of
 injured workers and neurological injuries. Services provided by the IIP segment include onsite injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization and ergonomic assessments. Prior to the second quarter of 2020, the Company operated as a
 single segment. All prior year segment information has been reclassified to conform to the current segment presentation. See Note 14 - Segment Information. 

multi-clinic practices and industrial injury prevention businesses as detailed below. 

October 2022 Acquisition

September 2022 Acquisition

August 2022 Acquisition

March 2022 Acquisition

December 2021 Acquisition

November 2021 Acquisition

September 2021 Acquisition

June 2021 Acquisition

March 2021 Acquisition

November 2020 Acquisition

September 2020 Acquisition

February 2020 Acquisition

management contracts which have been in place for a number of years. As of the date acquired, the contracts had a remaining term of . 

separate partnerships. The Company s interest in the 
 partnerships range from to ,
 with an overall based on the initial purchase transaction. 

general partnership interest in all the Clinic Partnerships. The Company s limited partnership interests generally range from
 to (the range is
 - in the Clinic
 Partnerships. The managing therapist of each clinic owns, directly or indirectly, the remaining limited partnership interest in most of the clinics (hereinafter referred to as Clinic Partnerships ). To a lesser extent, the Company operates some
 clinics, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, under profit sharing arrangements with therapists (hereinafter referred to as Wholly-Owned Facilities ).

clinic location.

46 

Table of Contents 

and 
 physical therapy clinics, respectively, in separate transactions. 

clinics. The aggregate sales price was million. During
 the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold clinics. The aggregate sales price was million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we sold 
 previously closed clinics. The aggregate sales price was million of which million was paid in cash and million in a note
 receivable due in equal installments of principal and any accrued interest. The first payment was received in June 2021 and the
 second payment was received in June 2022.

billion in appropriations for the Public Health and Social
 Services Emergency Fund, also referred to as the Provider Relief Fund, to be used for preventing, preparing, and responding to the coronavirus, and for reimbursing eligible health care providers for lost revenues and health care related expenses
 that are attributable to COVID-19. For the year ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company recorded income of approximately 
 million and million of payments respectively, under the CARES Act Relief Funds ). Under the Company s accounting policy, these
 payments were recorded as Other income Relief Funds. These funds are not required to be repaid upon attestation and compliance with certain terms and conditions, which could change materially based on evolving grant compliance provisions and
 guidance provided by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Currently, the Company can attest and comply with the terms and conditions. The Company will continue to monitor the evolving guidelines and may record adjustments as
 additional information is released.

million in advance payments received as a liability. During
 the quarter ended March 31, 2021, the Company repaid the MAAPP funds of million rather than applying them to future services
 performed.

47 

Table of Contents 

and for software purchased from three to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the related lease term or estimated useful lives of the assets, which is generally
 three to .

segments consisting of physical therapy
 clinics and industrial injury prevention services business. For purposes of goodwill impairment analysis, the segments are further broken down into reporting units. Reporting units within our physical therapy business are comprised of regions primarily based on each clinic s location. In addition to the regions, in 2022 and 2021, the industrial injury prevention services businesses consisted of reporting units. 

million related to one reporting unit in the industrial injury prevention services business. The impairment is related to a
 change in the reporting unit s current and projected operating income as well as various market inputs based on current market conditions, including the higher interest rate environment.

impairment was recognized as a result of our annual assessment of goodwill and tradenames for the other reporting units. The Company also noted impairment to long-lived
 assets for all reporting units.

48 

Table of Contents 

, as defined in the limited partnership agreement. The redemption rights are not automatic or mandatory (even upon death)
 and require either the owner or the Company to exercise its rights when the conditions triggering the redemption rights have been satisfied.

49 

Table of Contents 

Other revenue 

Net patient revenue from physical therapy operations 

Revenue from management contracts 

Revenue from industrial injury prevention services 

Total revenue 

increase was applied
 to the fee schedule payment rates before applying the mandatory budget neutrality adjustment. For services provided in 2020 through 2025 
 adjustment is expected to be applied each year to the fee schedule payment rates, before applying the mandatory budget neutrality adjustment. 

decrease in fee schedule payment rates for therapy services set to take effect in 2021. However, Congress intervened with passage of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 and
 reimbursement for the codes applicable to physical/occupational therapy services provided by our clinics received an estimated 
 decrease in the aggregate in payment from Medicare in calendar year 2021 as compared to 2020.

reduction to Medicare payments for physical/occupational therapy services. This was due to the expiration of the additional funding to the
 conversion factor provided by Congress in 2021 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. However, this reduction was addressed in the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act 2021 Act signed into law on December
 10, 2021. Based on various provisions in the 2021 Act, the Medicare rate reduction for 2022 was approximately . The 2021 Act did
 not address the reduction in Medicare payments for services performed by a physical or occupational therapist assistant, which
 began on January 1, 2022.

50 

Table of Contents 

reduction in the Physician Fee Schedule conversion factor. However, this reduction was addressed in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023
 2023 Act signed into law on December 29, 2022. The provisions of the 2023 Act increase the conversion factor by for 2023 and
 by for 2024. This results in an overall reduction of approximately in the 2023 Physician Fee Schedule conversion factor for 2023.

and requires automatic reductions in federal spending by approximately trillion. Payments to Medicare providers are subject to these automatic spending reductions, subject to a cap. In 2013, a reduction to
 Medicare payments was implemented. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 extended the reductions to Medicare payments through fiscal
 year 2025. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 extends the reductions to Medicare payments through fiscal year 2027. The CARES Act
 suspended the payment reduction to Medicare payments for dates of service from May 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020, and the
 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 further suspended the payment reduction through March 2021. In April 2021, additional
 legislation was enacted that waived the payment reduction for the remainder of calendar 2021. The 2021 Act included a extension of the 
 sequester relief applied to all Medicare payments through March 2022, followed by three months of sequester relief through June 30,
 2022. Sequester relief ended on June 30, 2022.

of the Company s therapist providers currently participate
 in MIPS. Under the MIPS requirements, a provider s performance is assessed according to established performance standards each year and then is used to determine an adjustment factor that is applied to the professional s payment for the
 corresponding payment year. The provider s MIPS performance in 2019 determined the payment adjustment in 2021. For those therapist providers who actually participated in MIPS during 2019 and 2020, the resulting average payment adjustment in 2021
 and 2022 was an increase of . The 2023 adjustment for those therapist providers who participated in MIPS during 2021 is expected to
 remain at an average increase of .

in therapy expenditures during a calendar year have been subject to a manual medical
 review to determine whether applicable payment criteria are satisfied. The threshold is applied to Physical Therapy and Speech
 Language Pathology Services; a separate threshold is applied to the Occupational Therapy. The MACRA directed CMS to modify the
 manual medical review process such that those reviews will no longer apply to all claims exceeding the threshold and instead will
 be determined on a targeted basis based on a variety of factors that CMS considers appropriate. 

through December 31, 2027. For 2028, the threshold amount will be increased by the percentage increase in
 the Medicare Economic Index MEI for 2028 and in subsequent years the threshold amount will increase based on the corresponding percentage increase in the MEI for such subsequent year.

of the practice expense component of the Relative Value
 Unit RVU for the therapy procedure with the highest practice expense RVU, then reduces the payment for the practice expense component for the second and subsequent therapy procedures or units of service furnished during the same day for the
 same patient, regardless of whether those therapy services are furnished in separate sessions. In 2013, the practice expense component for the second and subsequent therapy service furnished during the same day for the same patient was reduced by
 . 

of the payment amount otherwise applicable for the service.

51 

Table of Contents 

million and million,
 respectively.

to 
 of net revenues. Additionally, analysis of subsequent periods contractual write-offs on a payor basis reflects a difference within approximately 
 to between the actual aggregate contractual reserve percentage as compared to the estimated contractual allowance reserve
 percentage associated with the same period end balance. As a result, the Company believes that a change in the contractual allowance reserve estimate would not likely be more than to of gross billings included in accounts receivable each at
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

52 

Table of Contents 

t
 have any interest or penalties in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

and a discount rate of . See Note 6 for the changes in the fair value of Redeemable non-controlling interest. There were no changes in the fair value of the put
 right associated with the potential future purchase of the separate company in the November 2021 acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2022.

million, of which million has been included within Other current assets and million has been included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. The impact of the interest rate swap on the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income was an unrealized gain of million, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2022.

million and million on December 31, 2022, and 2021.

53 

Table of Contents 

segments: physical therapy operations and industrial injury prevention services.

following the date of grant. Compensation expense for grants of restricted stock is recognized based on the fair value per share on the date of grant amortized over the vesting period. The Company recognizes any forfeitures as they occur. The
 restricted stock issued is included in basic and diluted shares for the earnings per share computation.

54 

Table of Contents 

Charges to retained earnings:

Revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interest

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state) of 

Earnings per share (basic and diluted)

Shares used in computation:

Basic and diluted earnings per share - weighted-average shares

55 

Table of Contents 

October 2022 Acquisition 

September 2022 Acquisition 

August 2022 Acquisition 

March 2022 Acquisition 

December 2021 Acquisition 

November 2021 Acquisition

September 2021 Acquisition

June 2021 Acquisition

March 2021 Acquisition 

November 2020 Acquisition 

September 2020 Acquisition 

February 2020 Acquisition 

clinics are in separate partnerships. The Company s interest in the 
 partnerships range from to ,
 with an overall based on the initial purchase transaction. 

interest in a -clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 
 equity interest was approximately million, of which million was paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable.
 As part of the acquisition, the Company agreed to additional contingent consideration up to million if future operational objectives
 are met. The Company is currently evaluating the fair market value of this contingency. The note accrues interest at per annum and
 the principal and interest are payable on November 30, 2024.

interest
 in a -clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained of the equity interests. The purchase price for the equity interest
 was approximately million, with additional contingent consideration valued at million on December 31, 2022, to be paid at a later date based on the performance of the business. There is no maximum payout. The estimate of this contingent consideration
 will continue to be marked at fair value based on the practice s operational results and updated market inputs.

interest in a -clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained of the equity interests. The purchase price for the 
 equity interest was approximately million, of which million was paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable.
 The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest are payable on September 30, 2024.

interest
 in a -clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained of the equity interests. The purchase price for the equity interest
 was approximately million, of which 
 million was paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest are payable on August 31, 2024.

interest in
 a -clinic physical therapy practice. The practice s owners retained of the equity interests. The purchase price for the equity interest
 was approximately million, of which 
 million was paid in cash and million is in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest are payable on March 31, 2024.

56 

Table of Contents 

Seller notes

Contingent payments

Total consideration

Estimated fair value of net tangible assets acquired:

Total current assets

Total non-current assets

Total liabilities

Net tangible assets acquired

Customer and referral relationships

Non-compete agreements

Tradenames

Goodwill

Fair value of non-controlling interest (classified as redeemable non-controlling interest)

interest in -clinic physical therapy practice with the practice founder retaining . The purchase price for the 
 interest was approximately million, of which million was paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at
 per annum and the principal and interest is payable on December 31, 2023.

interest in a leading provider of industrial injury prevention services IIP Acquisition ). In each case, the previous owners retained the
 remaining interest. The purchase price for the approximate equity interest, not inclusive of a contingent payment up to million , was approximately million of which million was
 paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest is payable on November 30, 2023. As part of the transaction, the Company also agreed to the potential future purchase
 of a separate company under the same ownership that provides physical therapy and rehabilitation services to hospitals and other ancillary providers in a distinct market area. The current owners have the right to put this transaction to the Company
 in approximately , with such right having a million value on December 31, 2021, as reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet in Other long-term liabilities. The value of this right will be adjusted in future periods, as appropriate, with any
 change in value reflected in the Company s consolidated statement of income. The Company does not currently possess more than 50 of the controlling interests in this separate company, does not control this company through contract or governance
 rights and currently does not exercise significant influence over this separate company. Due to the aforementioned reasons, and based on current accounting guidance, the Company did not consolidate the separate company through the variable interest
 or voting interest model. The Company revalued the contingent earn-out consideration related to the acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in the elimination of the million liability previously booked.

million (which includes the obligation
 to pay an amount up to million in contingent payment consideration in conjunction with the acquisition if specified future
 operational objectives are met), and contributed those assets to Briotix Health. The initial purchase price, not inclusive of the 
 million contingent payment, was approximately million, of which million was paid in cash, and million is in the form
 of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest is payable on September 30, 2023. The
 Company revalued the contingent earn-out consideration related to the acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in the elimination of the million liability previously booked.

interest in an -clinic physical therapy with the previous owners retaining . The purchase price was approximately 
 million, of which million was paid in cash, million is payable based on the achievement of certain business criteria and million is in
 the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest is payable on June 30, 2023.
 Additionally, the Company has an obligation to pay an additional amount up to million in contingent payment consideration in
 conjunction with the acquisition if specified future operational objectives are met. The Company recorded acquisition-date fair value of this contingent liability based on the likelihood of the contingent earn-out payment. The earn-out payment
 will subsequently be remeasured to fair value each reporting date.

interest in a -clinic physical therapy practice with the previous owners retaining . When acquired, the practice was developing a sixth clinic which has been completed. The purchase price for the interest was approximately 
 million, of which million was paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at 
 per annum and the principal and interest is payable on March 31, 2023.

57 

Table of Contents 

Seller notes 

Contingent payments 

Other payable 

Seller put right 

Total consideration

Estimated fair value of net tangible assets acquired:

Total current assets

Total non-current assets

Total liabilities

Net tangible assets acquired

Customer and referral relationships

Non-compete agreements 

Tradenames

Goodwill

Fair value of non-controlling interest (classified as redeemable non-controlling interest)

interest in a -clinic physical therapy practice with the previous owners retaining . The purchase price for the 
 interest was million (net of cash acquired), of which million was paid in cash and million in the form of a
 note payable that is payable in principal installments totaling each. The first principal payment plus accrued interest was paid in November 2021 with the second installment paid in November 2022 totaling . The note accrues interest at 
 per annum.

interest in an entity which holds -management contracts that have been in place for a number of
 years. The purchase price for the interest was approximately million, of which million was paid in cash and million in the form of two notes payable. One of the notes payable of million was paid in November 2020. The remaining note payable of million was paid on September
 30, 2021.

-clinic physical therapy practice. The clinics are in separate partnerships. The Company s interests in the 
 partnerships range from to ,
 with an overall based on the initial purchase transaction. The aggregate purchase price was million, of which million was
 paid in cash and million in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest was paid in February 2022.

Seller note

Total consideration

Estimated fair value of net tangible assets acquired:

Total current assets

Total non-current assets

Total liabilities

Net tangible assets acquired

Referral relationships

Non-compete

Tradename

Goodwill

Fair value of non-controlling interest (classified as redeemable non-controlling interest)

58 

Table of Contents 

years. For non-compete agreements, the weighted-average amortization period is years. The values assigned to tradenames are tested
 annually for impairment.

and years at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. For non-compete agreements, the weighted average amortization
 period was years and 
 years at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Generally, the values assigned to tradenames are tested annually for impairment.

partnerships which are included in
 non-controlling interest. The additional interests purchased in each of the partnerships ranged from to . The aggregated purchase price for these acquired interests was million. 

partnerships which are included in non-controlling interest. The additional
 interests purchased in each of the partnerships ranged from to . The aggregated purchase price for these acquired interests was 
 million. The Company also sold an interest in a partnership for million.

partnerships which are included in non-controlling interest. The additional interests purchased in each of the partnerships ranged from to . The aggregated purchase price for these acquired interests was million . The Company also sold an interest in a partnership for 
 million . During 2020, the Company also sold previously closed clinics. The aggregate sales price was million, of which million was paid in cash and million in a note receivable payable in equal
 installments of principal and any accrued interest. The first payment was received in June 2021 and the next payment was received in June 2022. 

of the limited and general partnership interests in NewCo. Therefore, in this step, NewCo becomes a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller Entity.

to of the limited partnership interest and in all cases of the general partnership interest in NewCo . The Company does not
 purchase of the limited partnership interest because the Selling Shareholders, through the Seller Entity, want to maintain an
 ownership percentage. The consideration for the Acquisition is primarily payable in the form of cash at closing and a 
 note in lieu of an escrow (the Purchase Price ). The Purchase Agreement usually does not contain any future earn-out or other contingent consideration that is payable to the Seller Entity or the Selling Shareholders. 

59 

Table of Contents 

(the Employment Term ), with automatic renewals, unless employment is terminated prior to the end of the Employment
 Term. As a result, a Selling Shareholder becomes an employee Employed Selling Shareholder of NewCo. The employment of an Employed Selling Shareholder can be terminated by the Employed Selling Shareholder or NewCo, with or without cause,
 at any time. In a few situations, a Selling Shareholder does not become employed by NewCo and is not involved with NewCo following the closing; in those situations, such Selling Shareholders sell their entire ownership interest in the Seller
 Entity as of the closing of the Acquisition.

after the date an Employed Selling
 Shareholders employment is terminated (if the Selling Shareholder becomes an Employed Selling Shareholder) or

from the date of the Acquisition, as defined in the Non-Compete Agreement, regardless of whether the Selling Shareholder is employed by NewCo.

60 

Table of Contents 

of
 the membership interests in Progressive NewCo. Therefore, in this step, Progressive NewCo became wholly-owned by the Progressive Selling Shareholders.

of the membership interests in Progressive NewCo and the Progressive Selling Shareholders retained a portion of the membership interest in Progressive NewCo Progressive Selling Shareholders Interest ).

61 

Table of Contents 

after the date a Progressive Selling
 Shareholder no longer is involved in the management of Progressive NewCo or

from the Progressive Closing Date.

of their respective residual interests on each of the 4th and 5th anniversaries of the Progressive Closing Date, and then on each of the 6th and 7th anniversaries

62 

Table of Contents 

Operating results allocated to redeemable non-controlling interest partners

Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interest partners

Changes in the fair value of redeemable non-controlling interest

Purchases of redeemable non-controlling interest

Acquired interest

Contributed Capital

Sales of redeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity

Notes receivable related to sales of redeemable non-controlling interest - temporary equity

Adjustments in notes receivable related to the the sales of redeemable non-controlling interest -
 temporary equity

Ending balance

Contractual time period has not lapsed and holder s employment has not terminated

Holder s employment has terminated and contractual time period has expired

Holder s employment has terminated and contractual time period has not expired

Goodwill acquired

Goodwill adjustments for purchase price allocation of businesses acquired in prior year

Goodwill impairment 

Ending balance

million related to the IIP Acquisition. The
 impairment is related to a change in the IIP Acquisition s current and projected operating income as well as various market inputs based on current market conditions, including the higher interest rate environment. 

Customer and referral relationships, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively
 (weighted average amortization period years)

Non-compete agreements, net of accumulated amortization of and respectively (weighted average
 amortization period years)

63 

Table of Contents 

to . Non-compete agreements are amortized over the respective term of the agreements which range from to . 

Non-compete agreements

2023

2024

2024

2025

2025

2026

2026

2027

2027

Thereafter

Thereafter

Credit balances due to patients and payors

Group health insurance claims

Closure costs

Federal taxes payable

Contingent payments related to acquisition

Settlement of a legal matter 

Other

Total

million, of which million was recorded as an expense in 2021.

million revolving credit
 facility. This agreement was amended and/or restated in August 2015, January 2016, March 2017, November 2017, and January 2021 (hereafter referred to as Amended Credit Agreement ). 

64 

Table of Contents 

Term Facility

Other Debt

Total Debt

Less: Current portion of long-term debt

Total long-term debt, net of current portion

, provides for loans in an aggregate principal amount of million. Such loans were made available through the following facilities (collectively, the Senior Credit Facilities ): 

million , , revolving credit facility Revolving Facility ), which includes a million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of
 credit and a million sublimit
 for swingline loans (each, a Swingline Loan ). 

million term loan facility (the Term Facility ). The Term Facility amortizes
 in installments of: (a) in each of the first two years, (b) in the third and fourth year, and (c) in the fifth year of the Credit Agreement. The remaining outstanding principal balance of all term
 loans is due on the maturity date. 

million plus (ii) an unlimited additional amount, provided that
 (in the case of clause (ii)), after giving effect to such increases, the pro forma Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) would not exceed :1.0, and the aggregate amount of all incremental increases under the Revolving Facility does not exceed .

to , and the applicable margin for alternate base rate borrowings ranges from to , in each case, based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Company and its subsidiaries. Interest is payable at the end of the selected
 interest period but no less frequently than quarterly and on the date of maturity.

and per annum and is also based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company may prepay and/or repay the revolving loans and the
 term loans, and/or terminate the revolving loan commitments, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty, subject to certain conditions.

65 

Table of Contents 

million was outstanding on the Senior Credit Facilities, resulting in million of availability. As of December 31, 2022, the
 Company was in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. 

million of which an aggregate principal payment of million is due in 2023, and 
 million is due in 2024. Interest accrues in the range of to per annum and is payable with each principal installment.

million notional value adjusted concurrently with scheduled principal payments made on the term loan. The swap has a maturity date of . Beginning in July 2022, the Company receives SOFR, and pays a fixed rate of interest of on 1-month SOFR on a quarterly basis. The
 total interest rate in any period will also include an applicable margin based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio.

Other comprehensive loss

Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge

Tax effect at statutory rate (federal and state) of 

Comprehensive income

Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest

Comprehensive income attributable to USPH shareholders

Other assets

66 

Table of Contents 

or less. The Company s lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the option will be
 exercised. As most of the Company s operating leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments.
 Operating fixed lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Short-term lease cost

Variable lease cost

Total lease cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities (in thousands)

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: imputed interest

Total operating lease liabilities

Years 

Years 

Years 

Weighted-average discount rate - Operating leases

67 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses

Lease obligations - including closed clinics

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Depreciation and amortization

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Gain on cash flow hedge 

Other

Deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

million related to the revaluation of redeemable non-controlling interests and acquisitions of non-controlling interests. In addition, during 2022, the Company recorded an
 adjustment to the deferred tax assets of million as a result of a detailed reconciliation of its federal and state taxes payable and
 receivable accounts along with its federal and state deferred tax asset and liability accounts with its federal and state tax returns for 2021. The offset of this adjustment was an increase to the previously reported state income tax receivable and
 to federal income tax. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a federal tax receivable of million and state tax receivables of million. The federal and state income tax receivable is included in other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

Shortfall (excess) equity compensation deduction

- 

Non-deductible expenses

State

Total current

Deferred:

Federal

State

Total deferred

Total income tax provision

68 

Table of Contents 

t
 have any accrued interest or penalties associated with any unrecognized tax benefits nor was any interest expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Industrial injury prevention services

Total Company

Gross profit:

Physical therapy operations 

Industrial injury prevention services

Gross profit 

Total Assets:

Physical therapy operations

Industrial injury prevention services

Total Company

joint venture interest in a company which provides physical therapy services for patients at hospitals. Since the Company is deemed to not have a controlling interest in the company, the Company s investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The investment balance of this joint venture as of December 31, 2022, is million and the earnings amounted to 
 million. 

non-qualified options to purchase shares of common stock and restricted stock
 (subject to proportionate adjustments in the event of stock dividends, splits, and similar corporate transactions). The exercise prices of options granted under the Amended 1999 Plan are determined by the Compensation Committee. The period within
 which each option will be exercisable is determined by the Compensation Committee. The Amended 1999 Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the 2008 Shareholders Meeting on May 20, 2008.

shares of common
 stock (subject to proportionate adjustments in the event of stock dividends, splits, and similar corporate transactions). The material terms of the Amended 2003 Plan was reapproved by the shareholders of the Company at the 2015 Shareholders Meeting
 on May 19, 2015 and an increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance from to was approved at the 2022 Shareholders Meeting on March 17, 2022.

69 

Table of Contents 

Amended 2003 Plan

2021

2020

2021

2020

following the date of grant.

and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, for which restrictions had not lapsed. The
 restrictions will lapse in through .

million, 
 million, and million, respectively, for 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining million of compensation expense will be recognized from 2023 through 2026.

70 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s common stock. In March 2009, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to
 or approximately 
 shares of its common stock March 2009 Authorization ). The Amended Credit Agreement permits share repurchases of up to ,
 subject to compliance with covenants. The Company is required to retire shares purchased under the March 2009 Authorization.

shares. There is no expiration date for the share repurchase program. There are currently an additional estimated shares (based on the closing price of on December 30, 2022, the
 last business day in 2022) that may be purchased from time to time in the open market or private transactions depending on price, availability and the Company s cash position. The Company did t purchase any shares of its common stock during 2022, 2021 or 2020.

of service. For certain plans, the Company makes matching contributions. The Company may also make discretionary contributions of up to of employee contributions. The Company did t
 make any discretionary contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company matching contributions totaled million, million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

of its executive officers. Each of the agreements have a term, however, each of these agreements provide for an automatic renewal at the conclusion of the expiring term or renewal term. 

million in 2023 and million in
 2024. In addition, many of the employment agreements with the managing physical therapists provide for monthly bonus payments calculated as a percentage of each clinic s net revenues (not in excess of operating profits) or operating profits.

related to the short swing profit settlement remitted by a shareholder of the Company under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company
 recognized the proceeds as an increase to additional paid-in-capital in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021, and consolidated statements of stockholder s equity, as well as in cash provided by financing activities included in
 Other, in the consolidated statements of cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2021.

interest in a physical therapy clinic with the previous owner retaining . The purchase price was approximately million, of which
 million was paid in cash, and 
 million is in the form of a note payable. The note accrues interest at per annum and the principal and interest is payable on
 February 28, 2025. 

71 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the fiscal period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
 appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is
 defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 Company;

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors and

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements.

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives
 because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over
 financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over
 financial reporting. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
 procedures may deteriorate. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, the risk. Management
 conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
 the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company s internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered
 public accounting firm, as stated in their report included on page 40. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

In November 2021, we completed an acquisition of a leading provider of industrial injury prevention services. As part of our
 integration activities in 2022, we implemented new internal controls and procedures at the acquired entity.

Except for the implementation of new internal controls and procedures at the acquired entity noted above, there were no
 changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION.

Not applicable.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
 INSPECTION

Not applicable.

72 

Table of Contents 

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

The information required in response to this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement
 relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The information required in response to this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement
 relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The information required in response to this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement
 relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

The information required in response to this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement
 relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

The information required in response to this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement
 relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report.

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a) 

Documents filed as a part of this report:

1. 

Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Index to Financial
 Statements and Related Information under Item 8 in Part II hereof, where these documents are listed.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules. See page 85 for Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. All other schedules
 are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is shown in the financial
 statements or notes thereto.

3. 

Exhibits. The exhibits listed in List of Exhibits on the next page
 are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report.

ITEM 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

73 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX

LIST OF EXHIBITS

Number

Description

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of the Company [filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference].

3.2 

Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company [filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference].

3.3

Bylaws of the Company, as amended [filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference Commission File Number 1-11151].

4.1 

Description of Company Securities [filed herewith the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2020.]

10.1+ 

1999 Employee Stock Option Plan (as amended and restated May 20, 2008) [incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 17,
 2008].

10.2+ 

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, (as amended and restated effective March 26, 2016) [incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on
 Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016.]

10.3+ 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2016].

74 

Table of Contents 

Number

Description

10.4+ 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 2017 among U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc., as the borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender and L/C
 Issuer, and The Lenders Party hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2017).

10.5+ 

Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Christopher J. Reading dated effective February 9, 2016 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2016].

10.6+ 

Employment Agreement commencing on March 1, 2018 by and between the Company and Graham Reeve [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 March 7, 2018].

10.7+ 

Objective Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019.]

10.8+ 

Discretionary Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019.]

10.9+ 

Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Christopher J. Reading dated effective May 21, 2019 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2019]

75 

Table of Contents 

Number

Description

10.10+ 

Amended Restated Employment Agreement commencing by and between the Company and Graham Reeve dated effective May 21, 2019 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 22, 2019]

10.11+ 

Restricted Stock Agreement [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 22, 2019]

10.12+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Objective Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2020, effective March 3, 2020 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020].

10.13+ 

Amendment to Employment Agreement entered into as of March 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Christopher Reading [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on March 26, 2020].

10.14+ 

Amendment to Employment Agreement entered into as of March 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Graham Reeve [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on March 26, 2020].

10.15+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Objective Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2020, effective March 3, 2020 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020].

10.16+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Discretionary Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2020, effective March 3, 2020 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020].

10.17+ 

Employment Agreement entered into as of November 9, 2020 by and between U.S. Physical Therapy and Carey Hendrickson [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on September 23, 2020.]

10.18+ 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Eric Williams entered into on December 3, 2020 and commencing as of July 1, 2021 [filed by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2020.] 

10.19+ 

First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement [filed by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 4, 2021.]

10.20+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Objective Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2021, effective March 17, 2021 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
 U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. on March 16, 2022]

10.21+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Discretionary Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2021, effective March 17, 2021 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed by U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. on March 16, 2022]

10.22+ 

Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 17, 2022 among the Company, as the borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Regions Capital Markets as Syndication Agent, BofA Securities Inc. and
 Regions Capital Markets as Joint Load Arrangers, BofA Securities Inc., as Sole Bookrunner and the lenders named therein. [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June
 21, 2022]

10.23+ 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Rick Binstein entered into on March 23, 2022 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2022] 

10.24+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Objective Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2022, effective March 14, 2022 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
 U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. on March 14, 2022]

10.25+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Discretionary Long-Term Incentive Plan for Senior Management for 2022, effective March 14, 2022 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed by U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. on March 14, 2022]

10.26+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Objective Cash/RSA Bonus Plan for Senior Management for 2022, effective March 14, 2022 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by U.S.
 Physical Therapy, Inc. on March 14, 2022]

10.27+ 

U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Discretionary Cash/RSA Bonus Plan for Senior Management for 2022, effective March 14, 2022 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by U.S.
 Physical Therapy, Inc. on March 14, 2022]

76 

Table of Contents 

Number

Description

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Grant Thornton LLP

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

32.1 

Certification of Periodic Report of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

+ 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

77 

Table of Contents 

(2) 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 :

Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts:

Allowance for credit losses

(2) 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 :

Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts:

Allowance for credit losses

(2) 

78 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC.

(Registrant)

By:

/s/ Carey Hendrickson

Carey Hendrickson

 Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

Date: February 28, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of the date
 indicated above.

/s/ Chris J. Reading

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

 (Principal Executive Officer)

February 28, 2023

Chris J. Reading

/s/ Edward L. Kuntz

Chairman of the Board

February 28, 2023

Edward L. Kuntz

/s/ Mark J. Brookner

Director

February 28, 2023

Mark J. Brookner

/s/ Harry S. Chapman

Director

February 28, 2023

Harry S. Chapman

/s/ Bernard A. Harris

Director

February 28, 2023

Dr. Bernard A. Harris, Jr.

/s/ Kathleen A. Gilmartin

Director

February 28, 2023

Kathleen A. Gilmartin

/s/ Anne Motsenbocker

Director

February 28, 2023

Anne Motsenbocker

/s/ Reginald E. Swanson

Director

February 28, 2023

Reginald E. Swanson

/s/ Clayton K. Trier

Director

February 28, 2023

Clayton K. Trier

79 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 brhc10048514_ex4-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

EXHIBIT 4.1

The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ), and 20,000,000 Common Stock.

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws (the By-laws ), insofar as they relate
 to the material terms of the Common Stock. This description summarizes the material terms and provisions of the Common Stock, but it is not complete. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Incorporation and
 By-laws, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Each holder of the Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders and there are no cumulative voting rights. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up
 of the Company, holders of the Common Stock would be entitled to share in the Company s assets remaining after the payment of the Company s debts and liabilities. Holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other
 subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the
 holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock that we may designate in the future. 

The Common Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, any other class or series of the Company s capital stock. Holders of the Common Stock do not have preemptive or other rights to subscribe for or purchase
 additional securities of the Company. Certain provisions of the Company s articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay, discourage, prevent or render more difficult an attempt to obtain control of the Company, whether through a tender offer,
 business combination, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions include the charter authorization of blank check preferred stock (as described above) and a restriction on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting.

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 brhc10048514_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Notes

Name

DBA

Entity Type

State of Formation

Date of Formation

Foreign Qualification

General Partner (LP)/BOD (corp)/Manging Member or Board of Managers (LLC)

Tax ID

1 On 1 Physical Therapy, LLC

LLC

DE

1/13/2022

2037953 Ontario, Inc.

Corp

Canada

Briotix Health, LP

Ability Health PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

FL

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

81-4216526

Ability Health Services and Rehabilitation, L.P.

Ability Rehabilitation

 SST Rehab

LP

TX

FL

Ability Health PT Management GP, LLC

38-4017532

Achieve Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

47-3291851

Achieve Physical Therapy and Performance, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Achieve Management GP, LLC

47-3283941

Action Therapy Centers, Limited Partnership

Action Physical Therapy 

Houston Hand Therapy

 PT Professionals

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0389610

Adams County Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

PA

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0483100

Advance Rehabilitation Consulting, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

AL, FL GA

Advance Rehabilitation Management GP, LLC

27-4414647

Advance Rehabilitation Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

FL

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

27-4414443

Agape Physical Therapy Sports Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MD

Agape Physical Therapy Management GP, LLC

32-0378859

Agape Physical Therapy Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

45-5378415

Agility Spine Sports PT Management GP LLC

LLC

TX

82-1024870

Agility Spine Sports Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

AZ

Agility Spine Sports PT Management GP, LLC

82-0901134

ARC Iowa PT Plus, LLC

LLC

TX

IA

ARC PT Management GP, LLC (note: owned 100 by ARC Physical Therapy Plus, LP)

82-5241308

ARC Physical Therapy Plus, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IA, KS, MO

ARC PT Management GP, LLC

80-0955852

ARC PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

MO

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

46-3942987

ARCH Physical Therapy and Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

27-5086288

Arrow Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Broken Arrow Physical Therapy

LP

TX

OK

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0631992

Arrowhead Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Elite Sports Medicine Physical Therapy

LP

TX

MS

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

26-0176798

Ashland Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OR

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

75-3054977

Audubon Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

LA

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0622471

Barren Ridge Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

VA

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

26-3594831

Bayside Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

27-4348787

Bayside Physical Therapy Sports Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MD

Bayside Management GP, LLC

27-4348871

Beaufort Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NC

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0639928

Bow Physical Therapy Spine Center, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NH

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0623486

Brazos Valley Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0407118

Brick Hand Rehabilitative Services, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NJ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0420711

Briotix Health, Limited Partnership

InSite Health (6/25/2020 - Per Cyndi M. and Leon P. this dba is no longer used).

LP

DE

AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, HI, IL, IA, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NV, NJ, NY, NC, OH, OK, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI

Briotix Management GP, LLC

81-1190407

Briotix Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

FL, MA, OH, UT

81-1200727

BTE Workforce Solutions, LLC (formerly BTE Technoligies, Inc.)

LLC

DE

AK, AL,CO, DC, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO,MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, OK, PA, RI, SC, SD, TX, UT, VT, WI, WV, WY

Briotix Health, LP

52-1165956

C. Foster Physical Therapists, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

C. Foster PT Management GP, LLC

36-4965660

C. Foster PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

35-2689219

Cape Cod Hand Therapy, Limited Partnership

Cape Cod Hand Upper Extremity Therapy

LP

TX

MA

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

27-0058293

Carbon County Therapy, LLC

LLC

WY

Fremont Therapy Group, Limited Partnership

85-2336515

Carolina Physical Therapy and Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

SC

Carolina PT Management GP, LLC

82-1408170

Carolina PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

82-1453799

Center for Physical Rehabilitation and Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

DE

MI

CPR Management GP, LLC

47-4006118

Cleveland Physical Therapy, Ltd.

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0410649

Clinical Partnership Solutions, LLC

ProgressiveHealth Clinical Partnership Solutions

LLC

IN

27-3006735

Clinical Management Solutions, LLC

ProgressiveHealth Clinical Management Solutions

LLC

IN

KY

38-3975536

Comprehensive Hand Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

FL

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0452158

Coppell Spine Sports Rehab, Limited Partnership

North Davis/Keller Physical Therapy

 Physical Therapy of Colleyville

 Physical Therapy of North Texas

 Physical Therapy of Corinth

 Trinity Sports Physical Therapy

 Physical Therapy of Flower Mound

 Southlake Physical Therapy

 Physical Therapy of Trophy Club

 Heritage Trace Physical Therapy

 Therapy Partners of Frisco/Little Elm

 Therapy Partners of North Texas

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0513962

CPR Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

47-3434985

Cross Creek Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MS

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

35-2185612

Crossroads Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Green Oaks Physical Therapy - Fort Worth 
 Green Oaks Physical Therapy

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0551398

Crossroads Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

Crossroads Physical Therapy

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

84-1658419

Custom Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NV

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

04-3708931

Cutting Edge Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IN

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

20-4069256

Dearborn Physical Therapy, Ltd.

Advanced Physical Therapy

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0376595

Decatur Hand and Physical Therapy Specialists, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

GA

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

20-3319149

Dekalb Comprehensive Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

GA

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

20-3631634

Denali Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

AK

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

20-8666329

DHT Hand Therapy, Limited Partnership

Arizona Desert Hand Therapy Services

 Desert Hand and Physical Therapy

LP

TX

AZ

DHT Management GP, LLC

20-5881475

DHT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

AZ

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

20-5881418

Dynamic Hand Therapy Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IL

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

20-8847486

Eastgate Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Summit Physical Therapy

LP

TX

OH

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

76-0637484

Edge Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

River's Edge Physical Therapy

LP

TX

MT

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0473771

Elite PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

11/28/2022

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

92-1227794

Elite Spine and Sports Physical Therapy, LP

LP

TX

92-1300829

Enhanced Physiotherapy and Performance, LLC

Enhanced Physical Therapy

LLC

TX

1/25/2022

TN

STAR Physical Therapy, LP

87-4738491

Enid Therapy Center, Limited Partnership

Enid Physical Therapy

LP

TX

OK

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0384228

Everett Management, LLC

LLC

WA

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

37-1776322

Evergreen Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

20-8613843

Excel Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

AK

Excel PT Texas GP, LLC

20-3951569

Excel PT Texas GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

20-3951532

Excel Orthopedic PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

88-2873165

Excel Orthopedic Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Excel Physical Therapy

LP

TX

MT

Excel Orthopedic PT Management GP, LLC

88-2946955

Fit2WRK, Inc.

Corp

TX

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

27-1647054

Five Rivers Therapy Services, Limited Partnership

Peak Physical Therapy

LP

TX

AR

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

20-3785604

Flannery Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Physical Therapy Plus

LP

TX

NJ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0580514

Fredericksburg Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

20-3589445

Fremont PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

85-4237359

Fremont Therapy Group, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

UT, WY

Fremont PT Management GP, LLC

86-1249211

Frisco Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

PT of Prosper

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0625171

Gahanna Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Cornerstone Physical Therapy

LP

TX

OH

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

27-0643842

Genesee Valley Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

26-2299603

Green Oaks Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

72-1531238

Hamilton Physical Therapy Services, LP

LP

TX

NJ

HPTS Management GP, LLC

74-3145890

Hands-On Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

Metro Spine and Sports Rehabilitation

LP

TX

IL

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

20-3300800

Hanoun Medical, Inc.

BTE Workforce Solutions

 Briotix Health

Corp

Ontario, Canada

British Columbia

2037053 Ontario, Inc. (owned by Briotix Health, LP)

Harbor Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MD

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

20-3303737

HH Rehab Associates, Inc.

Genesee Valley Physical Therapy 
 Theramax Physical Therapy

Corp

MI

DE

U.S. PT - Michigan, Inc.

38-2427228

High Plains Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

WY

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

41-2060941

Highlands Physical Therapy Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NJ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

27-3126287

Horizon Rehabilitation PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

USPT, Ltd.

87-3158670

Horizon Rehabilitation and Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

SC

Horizon Rehabilitation PT Management GP, LLC

87-3221050

Houston On Demand Physical Therapy, LLC

LLC

TX

Kingwood Physical Therapy, Ltd.

85-3267403

HPTS Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

NJ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

74-3145888

Indy ProCare Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IN

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

45-4419567

Integrated Rehab PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

8/1/2022

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

88-3566334

Integrated Rehabilitation Services, Limited Partnershp

LP

TX

8/10/2022

Integrated Rehab PT Management GP, LLC

88-3692263

Integrius, LLC

LLC

GA

46-4689092

To be dissolved

InSite Health Limited Partnership

LP

DE

IH GP, LLC

82-4365153

Intermountain Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

ID

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0532873

Jackson Clinics PT Management GP , LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

46-4470249

Jackson Clinics, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MD, VA

Jackson Clinics PT Management GP, LLC

61-1729833

Jaco Rehab Honolulu Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

84-3191941

Jaco Kapolei Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

84-3152468

Jaco Mililani Management GP LLC

LLC

TX

84-3167120

Jaco Waikele Management GP LLC

LLC

TX

84-3176419

Jaco Rehab Honolulu, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

HI

Jaco Rehab Honolulu Management GP, LLC

84-3255422

Jaco Rehab Kapolei, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

HI

Jaco Kapolei Management GP, LLC

84-3236943

Jaco Rehab Mililani, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Jaco Mililani Management GP, LLC

84-3206751

Jaco Rehab Waikele, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

HI

Jaco Waikele Management GP, LLC

84-3226914

Joan Ostermeier Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Sport Spine Clinic of Wittenberg

LP

TX

WI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0556793

Julie Emond Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Maple Valley Physical Therapy

LP

TX

VT

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0544267

Kelly Lynch Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Sport Spine Clinic of Watertown

LP

TX

WI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0559026

Kennebec Physical Therapy, LLC

LLC

TX

ME

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

46-4456545

Kingwood Physical Therapy, Ltd.

Spring-Klein Physical Therapy

 West Woodlands Physical Therapy

 Lake Conroe Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation

 Cypress Oaks Physical Therapy

 Star Therapy Services of Fairfield;

 Grand Oaks Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation

 Star Therapy Services of Lakewood

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0384227

Lake Houston Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Northern Oaks Orthopedic Sports PT

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

75-3050296

Leader Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Memphis Physical Therapy

LP

TX

TN

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

76-0539465

Withdraw PA

Life Fitness Physical Therapy, LLC

In Balance Physical Therapy

 Herbst Physical Therapy

LLC

MD

PA

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

20-1193079

Life Strides Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

SC

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

20-5120914

LiveWell Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

26-3700763

Madden and Gilbert PT GP, LLC

LLC

TX

1/7/2022

OPTN, LLC

87-4640726

Madden and Gilbert Physical Therapy, LP 

LP

TX

1/20/2022

Madden and Gilbert PT GP, LLC

87-4672389

Madison Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NJ

MSPT Management GP, LLC 

27-2047964

Madison Spine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NJ

MSPT Management GP, LLC 

90-0813058

Max Motion Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

AZ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

26-3988733

Merrill Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

WI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0512097

Mishock Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Xcelerate Physical Therapy

LP

TX

PA

Mishock PT Management GP, LLC

30-0783139

Mishock PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

46-2793533

Mission Rehabilitation and Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

RYKE Rehabilitation

LP

TX

RYKE Management GP, LLC

26-3747839

Mobile Spine and Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

AL

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0600186

Momentum Physical Sports Rehabilitation, L.P.

Momentum Physical Therapy Sports Rehab; Momentum On-Demand; Momentum Mobile PT; Momentum Physical Therapy

LP

TX

FL, CO, AZ

Rehab Partners #10, LLC

47-2388509

Mountain View Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Mountain View Physical and Hand Therapy

LP

TX

OR

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0528482

MSPT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

NJ

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

27-2047906

National Rehab Delaware, Inc.

Corp

DE

MO

National Rehab GP, Inc.

74-2899827

shows tax clearance

National Rehab GP, Inc.

Corp

TX

FL,MO

U.S. PT - Delaware, Inc.

76-0345539

National Rehab Management GP, Inc.

Corp

TX

IL, OH

U.S. PT - Delaware, Inc.

76-0345543

New Horizons Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IN

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

20-2729857

Norman Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OK

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

76-0420713

North Jersey Game On Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Madison Spine Physical Therapy

LP

TX

NJ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

27-3885529

North Lake Physical Therapy and Rehab, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OR

North Lake PT Management GP, LLC

90-0964749

North Lake PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

46-2599705

Northern Lights Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

ND

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

27-0342077

Northwest PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

82-2410286

Northwoods Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

26-1258418

OPR Management Services, Inc.

Corp

TX

AK, AL, AZ, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, OH, OK, OR, PA, SC, SD, TN, VA, VT, WI, WY

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

81-3815218

OSR Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MN

OSR Physical Therapy Management GP, LLC

83-0657305

OSR Physical Therapy Management GP LLC

LLC

TX

83-0649952

One to One PT Management GP LLC

LLC

TX

FL

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

84-4060850

One to One Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

DE

FL

One to One PT Management GP, LLC

84-4074270

Oregon Spine Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Peak State Physical Therapy

LP

TX

OR

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0613909

P4 Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

TN

TX - P4 PT Management GP, LLC

88-3148972

Peak Performance PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Peak Performance Physical Therapy and Fitness, LLC

85-3948317

Peak Performance Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

LA

Peak Performance PT Management GP, LLC

85-4174416

Pelican State Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Audubon Physical Therapy

LP

TX

LA

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0433513

Penns Wood Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

PA, OH

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0430771

PerformancePro Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

26-1539873

Phoenix Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OH

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

27-0932165

Check with Peter if to be dissolved

Physical Restoration and Sports Medicine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

VA

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

27-0878621

Physical Therapy Northwest, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OR

Northwest PT Management GP, LLC

82-2397360

Physical Therapy and Spine Institute, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IL

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

76-0438263

Physical Therapy Solutions, Limited Partnership

LP

DE

VA

PTS GP Management, LLC

47-3075583

Pinnacle Therapy Services, LLC

LLC

DE

MO

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

46-3247784

Pioneer Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NE

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

20-3530492

Plymouth Physical Therapy Specialists, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0424739

Port City Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

ME

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0585914

Precision Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

PA

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0438265

Premier Physical Therapy and Sports Performance, Limited Partnership

LP

DE

Premier Management GP, LLC

47-5385666

Premier Management GP, LLC

LLC

DE

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

47-5403407

ProActive Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

SD

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0600187

ProCare Physical Therapy Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

46-2044643

ProCare PT, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

PA

ProCare Physical Therapy Management GP, LLC

90-0941849

ProgressiveHealth Companies, LLC

LLC

DE

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

87-4264322

ProgressiveHealth Occ Health, LLC

LLC

IN

MI, NJ, NY, TN, UT

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

20-8266936

ProgressiveHealth HealthSpot, LLC

LLC

IN

AL

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

85-3187128

ProgressiveHealth, LLC

LLC

IN

KY, MO

68-0666444

ProgressiveHealth Rehabilitation Solutions,Inc.

Corp

GA

58-1888359

Progressive Physical Therapy Clinic, Ltd.

Progressive Hand and Physical Therapy

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0387638

PTS GP Management, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

47-3239903

Quad City Physical Therapy Spine, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

IA

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

14-1921829

RACVA GP, LLC

LLC

TX

VA

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

37-1838302

R. Clair Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Clair Physical Therapy

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0478967

Radtke Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MN

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0574455

Reaction Physical Therapy, LLC

LLC

DE

OK

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

47-1586428

Rebound Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OR

Rebound PT Management GP, LLC

81-1026078

Rebound PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

81-1045143

Red River Valley Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

20-4489003

Redmond Ridge Management, LLC

LLC

WA

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

61-1754288

Regional Physical Therapy Center, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0429008

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

Corp

TX

FL, MA, WI

U.S. PT Delaware, Inc.

76-0345544

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

Corp

TX

FL

U.S. PT Delaware, Inc.

76-0379584

Withdraw, NJ

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

Corp

TX

MO, MT, NJ, ND, SD

U.S. PT Delaware, Inc.

76-0394604

Withdraw UT

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

Corp

TX

OH, UT

U.S. PT Delaware, Inc.

76-0418425

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

Corp

TX

OH

U.S. PT Delaware, Inc.

76-0427607

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

Corp

TX

OR

U.S. PT Delaware, Inc.

76-0433511

Rehab Partners Acquisition #1, Inc.

Corp

TX

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

76-0377650

Rehabilitation Associates of Central Virginia, Limited Partnership

Rehab Associates of Central Virginia (Campbell County)

LP

TX

VA

RACVA GP, LLC

81-3831622

Rice Rehabilitation Associates, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

GA

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

76-0430769

Riverview Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership (formerly Yarmouth Physical Therapy)

LP

TX

ME

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

27-0001262

Roepke Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Elite Hand Upper Extremity Clinic

LP

TX

WI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0483099

RYKE Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

26-3747599

Saginaw Valley Sport and Spine, Limited Partnership

Sport Spine Physical Therapy and Rehab; Evergreen PT

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0403520

Saline Physical Therapy of Michigan, Ltd.

Physical Therapy in Motion

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0376594

San Antonio On Demand Physical Therapy, LLC

LLC

TX

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

86-1384984

Seacoast Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

ME

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

45-2498148

Signature Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

OK

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

20-5992649

Snohomish Management, LLC

LLC

WA

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

38-3953679

South Tulsa Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Physical Therapy of Jenks

 South Tulsa Physical Therapy

 Jenks Physical Therapy

LP

TX

OK

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0566430

Spectrum Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Southshore Physical Therapy

LP

TX

CT

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0393448

Sport Spine Clinic of Fort Atkinson, Limited Partnership

Sport Spine Clinic of Sauk City

 Sport Spine Clinic of Madison

 Sport Spine Clinic of Jefferson

 Sport Spine Edgerton

LP

TX

WI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0694802

Sport Spine Clinic, L.P.

Sport Spine 

 Sport Spine Clinic of Edgar

 Sport Spine Minocqua

 Sport Spine - Rib Mountain

LP

DE

WI

Rehab Partners Acquisition #1, Inc.

76-0376131

Spracklen Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

NE

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0580510

STAR PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc

26-1107563

STAR Physical Therapy, LP

LP

TX

AR, TN, IN

STAR PT Management GP, LLC

62-1707893

Star Therapy Centers, Limited Partnership

Star Therapy Services of Copperfield Star Therapy Services of Cy-Fair

 Star Therapy Services of Fulshear

 Star Therapy Services of Katy

 Star Therapy Services of Magnolia

 Star Therapy Services of Spring Cypress

 Star Therapy Services of Cinco Ranch

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0389608

Summit PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

5/18/2022

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

88-2457192

Summit Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Brookeville Physical Therapy

LP

TX

5/23/2022

WV

Summit PT Management GP, LLC

88-2606821

Texstar Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

76-0669263

The Hale Hand Center, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

FL

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0601187

The U.S. Physical Therapy Foundation

NP

TX

Qualified to fund raise in CA, FL, KS, MD, MI, TN, TX, VA

81-1071364

Therapyworks Physical Therapy, LLC

Therapyworks

LLC

DE

IN

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

46-4446075

Thibodeau Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

26-1147899

Thomas Hand and Rehabilitation Specialists, Limited Partnership

CoreFit Rehabilitation

LP

TX

NC

Rehab Partners #3, Inc.

76-0528480

Thunder Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

WA

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

26-3806761

TX - P4 PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

88-3055868

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Corp

NV

AZ; HI; MI; NJ

N/A

76-0364866

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. PAC

NP

TX

5/5/2021

86-3943048

U.S. Physical Therapy, Ltd.

LP

TX

NC

National Rehab GP, Inc.

76-0388092

U.S. PT - Delaware, Inc.

Corp

DE

FL, IL, MN, MO 
 NM,

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

51-0343523

U.S. PT Alliance Rehabilitation Services, Inc.

Alliance Rehabilitation Services

Corp

TX

PA

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

26-2377769

U.S. PT Management, Ltd.

LP

TX

CA, ID, OH, WA, WI

National Rehab Management GP, Inc.

76-0388500

U.S. PT Michigan #1, Limited Partnership

Genesee Valley Physical Therapy

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #1, Inc.

76-0570431

U.S. PT Michigan #2, Limited Partnership

Physical Therapy Solutions

LP

TX

MI

Rehab Partners #2, Inc.

76-0579492

U.S. PT Solutions, Inc.

Physical Therapy Solutions

Corp

TX

VA

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

26-0609553

U.S. PT Texas, Inc.

Kinetix Physical Therapy

Corp

TX

MS

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

20-5125415

To be dissolved

U.S. PT Therapy Services, Inc. (formerly U.S. Surgical Partners, Inc.)

Capstone Physical Therapy 
 Carolina Hand and Wellness Center 
 Hand Therapy of North Texas - Frisco 
 Hand Therapy of North Texas - Coppell 
 Innovative Physical Therapy 
 Lake City Hand Therapy 
 Life Sport Physical Therapy 
 Life Sport Physical Therapy - Glen Ellyn 
 Metro Hand Rehabilitation 
 Missouri City Physical Therapy 
 Mountain View Physical Therapy of Medford 
 Mountain View Physical Therapy of Talent 
 Northern Illinois Therapy Services 
 Propel Physical Therapy 
 ReAction Physical Therapy 
 Therapeutic Concepts 
 Tulsa Hand Therapy 
 Waco Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation

Corp

DE

CA, FL, IA, IL, IN, KS, ME, MS, MO, NC, OH, OK, OR, PA, TX VA, WI

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

76-0613914

U.S. PT Turnkey Services, Inc. 
 (formerly Surgical Management GP, Inc.

The Hand Orthopedic Rehab Clinic

Corp

TX

IN

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

20-2803028

U.S. Therapy, Inc.

First Choice Physical Therapy

Corp

TX

IN

U.S. PT - Delaware, Inc.

76-0637511

The Facilities Group, Inc.

University Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

VA

Rehab Partners #6, Inc.

76-0613913

USPT Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

Body Basics Physical Therapy

LP

TX

IA

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

20-5441273

Victory Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

20-4406904

West Texas Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

Rehab Partners #5, Inc.

20-5834588

Wright PT Management GP, LLC

LLC

TX

Rehab Partners #4, Inc.

82-3239740

Wright Physical Therapy, Limited Partnership

LP

TX

ID

Wright PT Management GP, LLC

82-3255983

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 brhc10048514_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We have issued our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the
 Annual Report of U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No.
 333-30071, 333-64159, 333-67678, 333-67680, 333-82932, 333-103057, 333-113592, 333-116230, 333-153051, 333-185381, 333-200832, 333-230368, and 333-267090).

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Houston, Texas

February 28, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 brhc10048514_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION

 I, Christopher J. Reading, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 28, 2023

/s/ Christopher J. Reading

Christopher J. Reading

 President and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 brhc10048514_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATION

 I, Carey Hendrickson, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
 of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Carey Hendrickson

Carey Hendrickson

 Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 brhc10048514_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 report ), we, Christopher J. Reading, Carey Hendrickson and Jon C. Bates, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, respectively, of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant.

February 28, 2023

/s/ Christopher J. Reading

Christopher J. Reading

 Principal Executive Officer

/s/ Carey Hendrickson

Carey Hendrickson

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. and will be retained by U. S. Physical Therapy, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
 Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 usph-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 usph-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 usph-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 usph-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 usph-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

