<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1623526_0001564590-23-003175.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13196790</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>678889</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5180435</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3440214</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1239973</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2480472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-003175.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306160609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-003175
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stoke Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001623526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				471144582
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38938
		FILM NUMBER:		23708934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 WIGGINS AVENUE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-430-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 WIGGINS AVENUE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASOthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-003175.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 stok-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

stok-10k_20221231.htm

f 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter , was approximately million. The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 23, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking statements 
 
 i 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 38 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 81 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 81 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 81 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 81 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 82 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 82 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 83 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 97 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 97 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 97 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 97 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 98 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 98 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 99 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 99 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 99 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 99 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 99 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 100 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 101 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of present and historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, prospective products, planned preclinical studies and clinical or field trials, regulatory approvals, research and development costs, and timing and likelihood of success, as well as plans and objectives of management for future operations, may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. Such statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to, those identified in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to become profitable 

our ability to procure sufficient funding 

our limited operating history 

our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates 

the direct and indirect impact of COVID-19, inflation, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and macroeconomic conditions on our business, financial condition and operations, including on our expenses, supply chain, strategic partners, research and development costs, clinical trials and employees 

our success in early preclinical studies or clinical trials, which may not be indicative of results obtained in later studies or trials 

our ability to obtain regulatory approval to commercialize STK-001, STK-002 or any other future product candidate 

the success of our collaboration with Acadia Pharmaceuticals and our ability to enter into successful collaborations in the future 

our ability to identify patients with the diseases treated by STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates, and to enroll patients in trials 

the success of our efforts to use TANGO to expand our pipeline of product candidates and develop marketable products 

our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property 

our reliance upon intellectual property licensed from third parties 

our ability to identify, recruit and retain key personnel 

our financial performance and 

developments or projections relating to our competitors or our industry. 

 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference herein completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 

i 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are dedicated to addressing the underlying causes of severe diseases by upregulating protein expression with RNA-based medicines. Using our proprietary TANGO (Targeted Augmentation of Nuclear Gene Output) approach, we are developing antisense oligonucleotides ASOs to selectively restore protein levels. Our first compound, STK-001, is in clinical testing for the treatment of Dravet syndrome, a severe and progressive genetic epilepsy. Dravet syndrome is characterized by frequent, prolonged and refractory seizures beginning within the first year of life. The disease is classified as a developmental and epileptic encephalopathy due to the developmental delays and cognitive impairment associated with it. 
 Dravet syndrome is one of many diseases caused by a haploinsufficiency, in which a loss of approximately 50 of normal protein levels leads to disease. We are also pursuing treatment for a second haploinsufficient disease, autosomal dominant optic atrophy ADOA ), the most common inherited optic nerve disorder. Our initial focus is haploinsufficiencies and diseases of the central nervous system and the eye, although proof of concept has been demonstrated in other organs, tissues, and systems, supporting our belief in the broad potential for our proprietary approach. 
 TANGO is based on the pioneering work conducted on pre-mRNA splicing and ASOs in the laboratory of one of our co-founders, Adrian R. Krainer, Ph.D., of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York CSHL ). Inspired by the clinical success of SPINRAZA (nusinersen), an ASO medicine for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy that was co-invented by Professor Krainer, our company was founded to develop a general antisense approach to upregulate protein expression. 
 Our executive management team has extensive collective expertise in human genetics and modulation of RNA processes using ASOs, as well as a track record of success in rare disease drug development. Our executive team and co-founders have been previously involved with other companies in the discovery, development and commercialization of many treatments for rare diseases, including Sarepta s Exondys 51 (eteplirsen) and Biogen s SPINRAZA. Our scientific and clinical advisory boards are comprised of leading experts in the fields of human genetics, pre-mRNA splicing and ASOs, and neurodevelopmental and neurodegenerative diseases. Their involvement in both academic research and clinical practice allows us to gain proprietary and early insight into emerging biology and clinical practice that informs our business strategy. 
 Our strategy 
 We are using our proprietary RNA therapeutics platform to create ASOs for the treatment of severe diseases. The critical components of our strategy include: 

Rapidly advance our lead program, STK-001, to clinical proof-of-concept, approval and commercialization. Phase 1/2a trials of STK-001 are ongoing in the United States (MONARCH) evaluating children and adolescents ages 2 to 18 with Dravet syndrome and in the United Kingdom (ADMIRAL) evaluating children and adolescents ages 2 to up to 18 with Dravet syndrome. We are leveraging previously-validated ASO chemistry, a modality that has been successfully utilized for other diseases, a well-defined patient population based on routine genetic testing and learnings from approved drugs for the treatment of Dravet syndrome to inform the clinical and regulatory pathways for STK-001 and minimize potential safety concerns and development risk. We believe STK-001 has the potential to significantly reduce both the occurrence and frequency of seizures and also non-seizure comorbidities. We plan to meet with regulatory authorities to discuss expedited regulatory pathways if the data are appropriate. If approved, we intend to leverage a lean, targeted internal commercial organization to bring STK-001 to patients. 

Advance STK-002 to the clinic, for the potential treatment of ADOA. STK-002 is a proprietary ASO in preclinical development for the treatment of ADOA, the most common inherited optic nerve disorder. ADOA represents a second haploinsufficiency disease addressed by TANGO and our first treatment for diseases of the eye. STK-002 is designed to upregulate OPA1 protein expression by leveraging the non-mutant (wild-type) copy of the OPA1 gene. We have submitted a Clinical Trial Authorisation CTA in the United Kingdom and, subject to approval by the United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (the MHRA ), we expect to begin a Phase 1/2 trial for STK-002 in 2024. 

Expand our pipeline through internal discovery and collaboration to fully exploit the potential of our proprietary platform (TANGO). We have built a target discovery process utilizing proprietary bioinformatics algorithms and extensive in-house expertise in whole transcriptome RNA sequencing to rapidly and systematically identify 

 1 

diseases that we believe can be addressed using our platform. We are also advancing additional early programs focused on multiple targets, including haploinsufficiency diseases of the central nervous system (the CNS and eye. In January 2022, we announced a collaboration with Acadia Pharmaceuticals to pursue RNA-based treatments for severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the CNS. The collaboration combines our TANGO research platform with Acadia s expertise in neurology drug development and commercialization. Longer-term, we believe that our ASOs may have the potential to upregulate non-mutated genes in biological pathways to treat diseases or conditions that are caused by multiple genes or are multifactorial, such as autoimmune diseases, aging and cancer. 

Maintain broad commercial rights to our product candidates where we believe we can realize maximum value. We intend to build a fully integrated biotechnology company and independently pursue the development and commercialization of our key product candidates, if approved. We own commercial rights to our technologies and our lead product candidates, STK-001 and STK-002. As we continue to advance our programs, we may pursue strategic collaborations to share risk and upside in programs with higher inherent biology risk, larger clinical trial sizes or longer or more complex clinical, regulatory or commercial paths. Our current collaboration with Acadia is an example of where we believe that the development of treatments for severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the CNS is well served by a strategic collaboration. 

Continue to strengthen and expand our intellectual property portfolio. We have an intellectual property estate that includes multi-national allowed and pending claims for the TANGO mechanisms, as well as multi-national pending claims relating to compositions of matter of oligonucleotides designed to target specific TANGO elements in genes for many genetic diseases that we believe are amenable to upregulation of target protein expression using TANGO. Our proprietary position is reinforced by additional technical know-how and trade secrets. We continually assess and refine our intellectual property strategy as we identify new targets amenable to TANGO, and we will file additional patent applications as appropriate. 

 Our proprietary RNA therapeutics platform (TANGO) 
 TANGO (Targeted Augmentation of Nuclear Gene Output) is our proprietary research platform. Our initial applications for this technology are diseases in which one copy of a gene functions normally and the other is mutated, also called haploinsufficiencies. In these cases, the mutated gene does not produce its share of protein, so the body does not function normally. Using the TANGO approach and a deep understanding of RNA science, Stoke researchers design ASOs that bind to pre-mRNA and help the target genes produce more protein. TANGO aims to restore missing proteins by increasing or stoking protein output from healthy genes, thus compensating for the non-functioning copy of the gene. 
 
 TANGO exploits unique mechanisms for modulation of splicing to prevent the synthesis of naturally occurring non-productive mRNA and increase the synthesis of productive mRNA, resulting in increased production of functional protein. 
 
 Human cells naturally regulate protein production to maintain health. Pre-mRNA splicing, including alternative splicing, is an important mechanism used to regulate how much protein and which protein variant is produced. During splicing, introns are removed and exons are joined together to generate the mRNA template that carries the code to synthesize proteins. More than one third of alternative splicing events in mammals do not produce functional proteins and lead to mRNA degradation through nonsense-mediated mRNA decay NMD ). TANGO ASOs act at the pre-mRNA level and prevent non-productive alternative splicing so that the body produces more protein-coding mRNA and thus more protein. This approach is particularly applicable to diseases that are caused by insufficient protein production. 
 
 In July 2020, we published data in the journal Nature Communications that support our proprietary approach to precisely upregulate protein expression using TANGO ASOs. To evaluate the approach broadly, Stoke researchers selected four gene targets that vary in type and abundance of non-productive splicing events, gene size and protein function: PCCA (propionic acidemia) SYNGAP1 (autosomal dominant mental retardation 5) CD274 (autoimmune diseases, including uveitis) and SCN1A (Dravet syndrome). Stoke researchers designed TANGO ASOs to target the non-productive splicing events in these genes and their activity was evaluated. Dose-dependent reductions of non-productive mRNA were observed to lead to increases in both productive mRNA and protein levels for each of the target genes. 
 
 Treatment of autosomal dominant haploinsufficiency diseases with TANGO ASOs 
 We are initially focused on applying the transformative potential of our platform to developing precision medicines for autosomal dominant haploinsufficiencies, or disorders in which only one allele of a gene is mutated, resulting in approximately 50 of normal protein expression. 
 2 
 
 Exhibits 1 and 2 shown below illustrate the TANGO mechanism for increasing protein synthesis in a prospective patient with a haploinsufficiency. To date, we have demonstrated this TANGO mechanism in preclinical models of haploinsufficiencies. Exhibit 1 illustrates the prospective patient with a haploinsufficiency possessing one wild-type allele and one mutant allele. The mutant allele is translated into non-functional protein and results in approximately 50 of normal protein expression. Exhibit 2 illustrates treatment with our ASO would prevent the synthesis of naturally occurring non-productive mRNA and would increase the synthesis of productive mRNA, thereby restoring the target protein to near normal levels. Our preclinical studies show that any increase in mutant mRNA would have no effect on the net protein level. 

Exhibit 1: Haploinsufficiency without TANGO-ASO 

Exhibit 2: Haploinsufficiency with TANGO-ASO 

TANGO mechanisms of action 
 Our ASOs are specifically designed to bind to a desired RNA sequence inside the nuclei of patients cells to prevent the occurrence of non-productive splicing. By doing so, our ASOs decrease the amount of non-productive mRNA and increase the level of productive mRNA, leading to the generation of more protein. TANGO operates in a mutation-independent manner, given it utilizes one wild-type allele, and does not alter protein coding splicing isoforms. The net effect is increased expression of functional protein from the wild-type allele. 
 One category of non-productive splicing events amenable to TANGO is alternative splicing that leads to nonsense-mediated mRNA decay, or NMD, of the resulting mRNA. An example of a NMD event is a NMD exon, which is found in over 25 of gene transcripts. NMD exons are part of the wild-type sequence of the genes. In some cases, NMD exons are part of normal gene regulation. Non-productive mRNA, which includes these NMD exons, is degraded in the cytoplasm of the cell by nonsense-mediated mRNA decay and is not translated into protein. Our ASOs bind to the pre-mRNA and redirect the splicing machinery to prevent inclusion of the NMD exon. This splice-switching decreases non-productive mRNA and increases productive mRNA, which is translated into increased protein expression from the wild-type allele. In contrast to current exon skipping therapies, which remove a coding exon and result in a truncated protein, our TANGO mechanism skips out a non-coding NMD exon and yields a full-length functional protein. Our lead product candidates, STK-001 and STK-002, target an NMD exon and the general mechanism is shown in exhibits 3 and 4 below, with the left panel showing the non-productive mRNA failing to be translated into protein and the right panel showing our ASOs binding to the pre-mRNA and redirecting the splicing machinery. 
 3 

Exhibit 3: NMD exon without TANGO-ASO 

Exhibit 4: NMD exon with TANGO-ASO 

Source: Stoke data 
 
 Advantages of TANGO 
 We believe TANGO may have several key advantages, including: 

Ability to address the underlying genetic cause of the disease. We utilize TANGO to design ASOs to precisely upregulate protein expression, thereby addressing the underlying cause of the disease in addition to the symptoms of the disease. 

Applicability is mutation-independent. Our ASOs upregulate expression of the wild-type allele, meaning the TANGO mechanism does not rely on targeting a specific mutation. Given this, we believe our therapies are well-suited for diseases caused by multiple mutations in a single gene, such as many haploinsufficiencies, and provide a single-drug approach that can address the full spectrum of loss-of-function mutations. 

Utility across small and large gene targets encoding intracellular and extracellular proteins. Our ASOs upregulate protein expression regardless of gene size and are not constrained to smaller gene targets. We believe our therapies also have the flexibility to address genes encoding intracellular as well as extracellular proteins. 

No observed unwanted off-target effects. Our ASOs do not create detectable changes at the DNA level and make no detectable irreversible modifications to a patient s genome. The activities of our ASOs are inherently tissue-specific. TANGO-mediated upregulation of protein expression only occurs where the gene is being naturally transcribed, limiting the likelihood of expression in non-native tissues. 

Ability to control dose level and duration. Our ASOs provide the ability for dose titration, thereby allowing for dose-dependent and reversible control of level and duration of protein expression. The ability to titrate dosage provides us with flexibility to address a variety of tissue types, and potentially enables us to deliver the right dose, at the right location, for each indication. 

Utility across wide array of diseases and tissue types. We believe that ASO delivery to the CNS, eye, kidney and liver is well-established, providing us the potential to address a broad range of severe diseases. 

Fixed dose, rather than weight-based dosing . We have observed that while the quantity of non-productive mRNA can vary across tissue types for a gene, it remains constant across individuals. As a result, for CNS and eye targets, the dose of our ASOs should not require adjustment between patients to be effective. We believe that a fixed dose across all ages in these targets may lessen reimbursement hurdles associated with a weight-adjusted dose pricing model. 

Favorable dosing regimen. We believe our ASOs may require as few as two to three administrations per year for the CNS and as infrequent as once per year for the eye and will generally involve relatively low doses, which would translate to simplified use and an improved safety profile due to reduced systemic exposure. 

 4 

Simple and scalable manufacturing . Our novel ASOs are synthesized by highly scalable, solid-phase chemical synthesis and we leverage a well-established contract manufacturing base. We believe the manufacturing requirements for our ASOs are much simpler, more scalable and more cost-effective than gene therapy and gene editing. 

 Our approach 
 We employ a systematic and capital-efficient approach to develop ASOs for genetically defined patient populations. We rely on our proprietary database to identify novel drug targets and corroborate these findings with existing knowledge to improve our probability of success in the clinic. We believe that leveraging our proprietary database and focusing on our core competencies of target identification and clinical and regulatory execution will allow us to reduce the time, cost and risks of drug development. 
 Target identification 
 We continue to make significant investments in our infrastructure to accelerate the pace and scale of target identification. We have built a significant bioinformatics capability, which includes proprietary bioinformatics algorithms and extensive in-house expertise in whole transcriptome RNA sequencing, also referred to as RNAseq. RNAseq uses next-generation sequencing to determine the quantity and sequences of RNA in a sample. We leverage large internal datasets of RNAseq from key tissues known to be addressable with antisense, such as the CNS, eye, liver and kidney, that are purpose-built to enhance the capture of non-productive events. 
 We employ machine learning to iteratively refine our search and scoring criteria for the most addressable non-productive mRNA elements based on internal target validation and hit identification data. Our technology is amenable to a large number of mutations and can thereby potentially provide a single-drug approach for diseases that are caused by many loss-of-function mutations in a single gene. We have identified approximately 1,200 monogenic, or single gene, diseases containing at least one NMD-inducing nonproductive event, which we believe may be amenable to TANGO. We believe our approach is highly predictive and enables rapid and systematic identification of those targets that are most likely to have clinical relevance, thereby increasing the probability for clinical success and accelerating the expansion of our emerging pipeline. 
 Hit identification 
 Once a TANGO target is validated in cells and tissues that are relevant to the disease, we employ cell lines to rapidly screen for hit ASOs that can increase the target protein expression by specifically preventing the occurrence of the non-productive event in the target mRNA. ASO arrays utilize clinically translatable previously-validated ASO chemistries, such as 2 methoxyethyl phosphorothioate and PMO. Hit compounds are evaluated in vivo to identify lead ASOs that possess suitable efficacy and safety to merit preclinical development. Lead ASOs are subsequently evaluated in animal disease models or ex vivo disease model systems. 
 Lead evaluation and prioritization 
 After we have identified lead compounds, we evaluate and prioritize the advancement of new development candidates based on both program-specific and portfolio-wide considerations. Program-specific criteria include, among other relevant factors, the severity of the unmet medical need, the likelihood of therapeutic utility, the feasibility of clinical development, the costs of development and the commercial opportunity. Portfolio-wide considerations include the ability to demonstrate technical success for our platform, thereby increasing the probability of success and learnings for subsequent programs. We believe that the learnings from our lead Dravet syndrome program will significantly reduce the uncertainty of development of subsequent programs in our pipeline, particularly those targeting the CNS. 
 Clinical trial and regulatory execution 
 We employ a multi-pronged approach to bring new product candidates forward as rapidly as possible. Our approach leverages previously-validated ASO chemistry and a modality that has been successfully utilized for other diseases, to minimize potential safety concerns and development risk. We have two ongoing Phase 1/2a open-label studies of STK-001 for Dravet syndrome, MONARCH in the United States and ADMIRAL in the United Kingdom, each with a design and endpoints common to the trials for approved anti-seizure medications ASMs ). 
 5 
 
 Commercialization 
 We intend to retain broad commercial rights and independently bring our therapies to patients through a lean, targeted internal commercial organization where we believe we can realize maximum value. To do this, we are focused on ensuring that we can effectively identify and access those patients who may benefit from our product candidates. We target diseases in which genetic testing is routinely performed, thereby shortening the diagnostic odyssey and enabling rapid identification of patients who harbor the relevant genetic mutations. We have partnered with Invitae, a leading genetic information company, to provide genetic testing for pediatric epilepsy at no cost to patient. Lastly, to maximize patient access, we aim to leverage an established network of academic and tertiary centers with extensive experience with analogous drug administration. 
 Therapeutic focus and product candidates 
 We believe our ASOs can be applied to treat a wide range of severe diseases, and we have carefully designed and prioritized our pipeline strategy to maximize this opportunity. We are focused on applying the transformative potential of our TANGO platform to developing medicines for patients with diseases where the genetic abnormality is known and is found in a single gene. We therefore know for a given disease precisely which gene will need to be upregulated, thus mitigating against the uncertainty of the disease biology. We are currently focused on developing product candidates to treat autosomal dominant haploinsufficiency diseases, or disorders in which one copy of a gene is mutated and results in approximately 50 of normal protein expression. Within haploinsufficiencies, we are prioritizing genetic diseases of the CNS and the eye for our near-term development efforts. 
 Our Development Programs 
 Our technology, development experience and scientific knowledge in the field of biologics, RNA splicing, and antisense oligonucleotide chemistry has enabled us to build a pipeline of programs targeting the underlying cause of severe diseases. Exhibit 5 below represents a summary of our programs, which are focused on genetic diseases of the CNS and eye. 
 Exhibit 5: Pipeline 
 
 Source: Stoke corporate presentation, March 2022 
 6 
 
 STK-001 for the treatment of Dravet syndrome 
 STK-001 is an investigational new medicine for the treatment of Dravet syndrome currently being evaluated in ongoing clinical trials. We believe that STK-001 has the potential to be the first disease-modifying therapy to address the genetic cause of Dravet syndrome. STK-001 is designed to upregulate Na v 1.1 protein expression by leveraging the non-mutant (wild-type) copy of the SCN1A gene to restore physiological Na v 1.1 protein levels, thereby reducing both occurrence of seizures and significant non-seizure comorbidities. 
 Disease Overview 
 Dravet syndrome is one of the most severe genetic epilepsies and affects approximately 6.4 in 100,000 people worldwide, including 5-5.5 in 100,000 people who possess a mutation in the SCN1A gene, according to a 2018 market research report commissioned by us and prepared by Health Advances, LLC, or the Health Advances Report. The disease is caused by a pathogenic mutation or deletion of the SCN1A gene in approximately 85 of patients. At least 1,700 different de novo mutations in the SCN1A gene have been identified to date in Dravet syndrome patients, including single nucleotide substitutions, small insertions or deletions and even whole gene deletions. SCN1A codes for the alpha subunit of the voltage-gated sodium channel, or Na v 1.1 protein, an ion channel that is essential for the generation and propagation of action potentials. More than 95 of the disease-causing mutations of SCN1A cause loss-of-function, resulting in haploinsufficiency (approximately 50 reduction) of the Na v 1.1 protein in select neurons in the brain. This loss of Na v 1.1 channels in inhibitory interneurons and other nerve cells results in Dravet syndrome. 
 Dravet syndrome is characterized by multiple seizure types and may progress to status epilepticus or prolonged seizures lasting more than five minutes that require immediate intervention. Patients typically experience their first seizure before 12 months of age. More than 90 of patients suffer from at least one non-seizure comorbidity, including severe intellectual and developmental disabilities, motor and speech impairment, autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and behavioral difficulties. Neurologic function and cognition are usually normal in children with Dravet syndrome up to two years of age. However, nearly all Dravet syndrome patients exhibit intellectual impairment by the age of four, ranging from minor learning difficulty to global developmental delay. The time between one year and eight years of age is a critical period for intervention. After eight years of age, nearly all Dravet syndrome patients exhibit evidence of substantial developmental delay. The symptoms of the disease result in remarkably low quality of life and shortened life expectancy, and as a result impose an immense burden on individuals and families. 
 The cognitive impairment in Dravet syndrome is not purely a consequence of seizures. Patients with few seizures have been observed to possess severe encephalopathy, and conversely patients with frequent seizures have been observed to exhibit relatively minimal cognitive decline. In addition, there does not appear to be a correlation between cognitive outcome and SCN1A mutation type, whether a missense or truncating mutation. 
 Importantly, patients with Dravet syndrome have an increased risk of premature death, primarily due to SUDEP, or Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy. Dravet syndrome patients have the highest SUDEP rate of any epilepsy. An analysis of mortality in the Epilepsy Genetics Research Program demonstrated a Dravet syndrome-specific mortality rate of 15.84 per 1,000 patient years. SUDEP was the most common cause of premature death among Dravet syndrome patients (59 ), equating to a Dravet syndrome-specific SUDEP rate of 9.32 per 1,000 patient-years. This is nearly twice the rate for adults with refractory epilepsy. 
 Patients with Dravet syndrome are often diagnosed by three years of age, and neither patient gender nor family history of seizures is associated with risk of Dravet syndrome. Dravet syndrome occurs worldwide and is not concentrated in any particular geographic area or ethnic group. Early diagnosis is driven by heightened awareness of Dravet syndrome and other genetic epilepsy disorders as well as an emerging consensus amongst epilepsy specialists that early diagnosis is cost-effective and beneficial for prognosis. Among pediatric Dravet syndrome patients, approximately 90 in North America and Europe undergo genetic testing as part of their diagnostic work-up, according to a 2021 market research report commissioned by Stoke and prepared by Recon Strategy, or the Recon Strategy report. 
 The incidence of Dravet syndrome is approximately 64 per million births, which translates to an overall prevalence of approximately 35,000 patients across the United States, Canada, Japan, Germany, France and the United Kingdom, with approximately 16,000 patients in the United States. 
 7 
 
 Current treatments 
 Current treatments for Dravet syndrome only address the occurrence of seizures, not the underlying cause, and according to a 2017 study as published in the Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology Journal, more than 90 of Dravet syndrome patients still report suffering from incomplete seizure control with existing ASM regimens. As a result, the current treatment strategy involves the use of multiple ASMs, including combinations of cannabidiol, stiripentol, clobazam, valproate, topiramate and others. Patients are typically treated with two to four drugs administered concomitantly, and in most cases the relief provided by polytherapy is insufficient. 
 Cannabidiol (Epidiolex), fenfluramine (Fintepla) and stiripentol (Diacomit) are currently the only FDA-approved ASMs for the treatment of Dravet syndrome. None of these approved ASMs address the significant non-seizure comorbidities. Moreover, patients are still likely to be affected by non-seizure comorbidities and may develop tolerance to these ASMs over time. 
 Patients with Dravet syndrome need a novel therapeutic that addresses the genetic basis of the disease and treats the large number of seizures and multiple seizure types that persist despite treatment with existing therapy. Importantly, additional therapy options are needed to address the disabling comorbidities that occur with Dravet syndrome. If STK-001 is approved by the FDA, we believe our precision medicine approach may have a profound impact on individuals and families. 
 Preclinical data 
 We have generated compelling preclinical data that demonstrate proof-of-mechanism for STK-001. Our initial target engagement, pharmacology and efficacy studies were performed in mice, including both wild-type and a Dravet syndrome mouse model. The targeted non-productive splicing event in SCN1A is highly conserved across multiple species, including mouse, non-human primates and humans. The target sequence for STK-001 is also identical across species. 
 
 We evaluated STK-001 pharmacology and efficacy in transgenic mice with a heterozygous deletion of Scn1a . This model was created by introducing a targeted deletion in the first coding exon of the Scn1a gene these mice exhibit many aspects of the Dravet syndrome phenotype including seizures and premature lethality. 
 8 
 
 Neonate (postnatal day two) Dravet syndrome mice and wild-type littermate controls were administered a single dose of either placebo (consisting of a phosphate-buffered solution), or 20 g of STK-001 (n ~50/group) by intracerebroventricular injection. Animals from each group were monitored through day 90. Brains were collected from cohorts of these animals at approximately 7 weeks after dosing (placebo: n 11 wild-type mice, n 4 Dravet syndrome mice STK-001: n 9 wild-type mice, n 10 Dravet syndrome mice) and 14 weeks after dosing (placebo: n 10 wild-type mice, n 10 Dravet syndrome mice STK-001: n 10 wild-type mice, n 10 Dravet syndrome mice). Notably, a single injection of STK-001 restored Na v 1.1 protein in Dravet syndrome mice to levels that are near those of the wild-type mice at both 7 and 14 weeks as shown in exhibit 6 . These data demonstrate that STK-001 has an impact on Na v 1.1 protein expression and we believe this may translate to a favorable dosing regimen in humans. 
 
 Exhibit 6. Increase of Na v 1.1 in Dravet Syndrome (DS) mice after a single dose of STK-001 
 
 Source: Han et al ., Science Trans Med, 2020 
 9 
 
 In addition to an increase in the Na v 1.1 protein, the administration of a single dose of 20 g of STK-001 in neonate Dravet syndrome mice (postnatal day two) resulted in a significant reduction in premature mortality. Treatment with STK-001 resulted in 97 survival of Dravet syndrome mice for the 90-day post-natal observation period (survival of 33 out of 34 mice was observed in the STK-001 Dravet syndrome mouse group) compared with 23 survival of placebo-treated mice (survival of 14 out of 62 mice). This is illustrated in exhibit 7. 
 
 Exhibit 7. Reduction in premature mortality in DS mice after administration of STK-001 
 
 Source: Han et al ., Science Trans Med, 2020 
 Further preclinical studies of STK-001 have shown significant reductions in seizure frequency in a mouse model of Dravet syndrome (DS). Data from electroencephalography (EEG) recordings showed 76 (16/21) of DS mice treated with STK-001 were seizure free compared to 48 (10/21) that were treated with a placebo. An 80 reduction in the average number of spontaneous seizures (3 seizures vs 16 seizures) was also observed among treated DS mice compared to placebo. EEG is a highly sensitive measure of seizure activity, which enables the detection of seizures that may not be otherwise visible. These data are published in Han et al., Science Trans. Med, 2020. 
 
 Analyses were also performed in silico to understand the specificity of STK-001. We evaluated STK-001 via bioinformatic analysis against all annotated protein-coding genes to predict potential off-target activities. Results showed no perfect 18- to 16-nucleotide match for STK-001 anywhere in the transcriptome other than SCN1A pre-mRNA, indicating that STK-001 recognizes a unique sequence in the human transcriptome and should possess minimal off-target bindings. 
 10 
 
 Further supporting our specificity analysis, we also evaluated brain samples of wild-type neonate mice to ensure that STK-001 does not alter levels of other channels in the highly homologous SCN family. Importantly, the mRNA levels of closely related ion channels were not altered in the mouse brain five days after administration of 10 g of STK-001 (n 2/group placebo, n 4/group STK-001), as shown in the figure below. Similar analysis was performed in wild-type and Dravet syndrome mice treated with 20 g of STK-001 at 7 and 14 weeks after dosing. As illustrated in exhibit 8 , STK-001 treated samples showed an increase in expression of the SCN1A gene, but not any of the other SCN family members. These biological studies demonstrate that STK-001 is highly specific for SCN1A among the highly homologous family of sodium channel genes, limiting the likelihood of off-target activities. 
 Exhibit 8. Fold change in mRNA of Scn gene family ion channels 
 
 Source: Stoke data. 
 
 We also investigated the pharmacology, distribution and tolerability of STK-001 in a study with cynomolgus monkeys. As a pilot experiment, this study was not required to be performed under Good Laboratory Practices, or GLP. Pre-pubescent monkeys (age 2-2.5 years old) were administered a single dose of STK-001 (n 3/group 4 groups dosed) or control solution (n 2/group 2 groups dosed) by intrathecal injection at a dose range that we believe coincides with the estimated therapeutic dose range and stays below the maximum tolerated dose based on tolerability in mice and published data for molecules of similar chemistry. The animals were sacrificed at 3 days (n 8) and 29 days (n 8) after dosing. An increase in Na V 1.1 levels was observed ranging from 1.1-fold to 2.0-fold, compared to the control group, varying by the anatomical region, dose and day of necropsy, with the greatest changes observed in the cerebral cortex. The increase in Na v 1.1 was also correlated with the presence of STK-001 in brain tissue. Additionally, all doses tested showed no drug-related toxicities, including no changes in platelet counts or hepatic function, no clinical signs or symptoms over the 28-day period after administration and no abnormal histopathology. 
 Single dose GLP toxicology studies in rats and cynomolgus monkeys, that characterized the pharmacology, exposure and tolerability of STK-001 were included in the investigational new drug application (the IND that was submitted to the FDA in late 2019. Additional multiple dose GLP toxicology data have subsequently been submitted to the FDA and the MHRA (UK regulatory agency) to support multiple dosing in the clinic. 
 Clinical program and data 
 We designed our lead product candidate, STK-001, to treat Dravet syndrome, a severe and progressive genetic epilepsy. This program draws on a well-defined patient population based on routine genetic testing and learnings from drugs approved for the treatment of Dravet syndrome to inform the clinical and regulatory pathways for STK-001. 
 11 
 
 MONARCH and ADMIRAL Phase 1/2a Studies 
 We have two ongoing Phase 1/2a open-label studies of STK-001, MONARCH in the United States and ADMIRAL in the United Kingdom. The MONARCH study is designed to evaluate single and multiple ascending dose levels of STK-001 administered intrathecally in children and adolescents with Dravet syndrome. Patients are eligible for the trial if they are between the ages of 2 to 18, have an established diagnosis of Dravet syndrome and have evidence of a pathogenic genetic mutation in the SCN1A gene. Requiring an SCN1A mutation for trial enrollment allows for a clear and definitive etiologic diagnosis, a more homogeneous patient population and tailored treatment based on a precision medicine approach. Eligible patients will also have failed at least two epilepsy treatments in the past and currently be taking at least one ASM. All medications and interventions will remain unchanged throughout the trials, which will allow for assessment of STK-001 with a variety of ASMs. 
 The primary objectives are the assessment of the safety and tolerability of STK-001, as well as to characterize blood pharmacokinetics PK and cerebrospinal fluid CSF exposure levels. A secondary objective is to assess the efficacy of STK-001 as an adjunctive ASM treatment with respect to the percent change from baseline in convulsive seizure frequency over a 12-week treatment period. We are measuring non-seizure aspects of the disease, such as quality of life as secondary endpoints. 
 These endpoints as well as other exploratory endpoints will be informed based on our two-year observational study (BUTTERFLY). Enrollment in BUTTERFLY is complete and the study is ongoing. BUTTERFLY is designed to evaluate seizure frequency and non-seizure comorbidities associated with the disease, including motor and speech impairment, intellectual and developmental disabilities, behavioral deficits and abnormal sleep patterns. Data from the study will support clinical development plans for STK-001. Initial data from BUTTERFLY suggest that commonly used cognition assessments, BSID-III (Bayley Scales of Infant Development, Third Edition), and WPPSI-IV (Wechsler Preschool and Primary Scale of Intelligence, Fourth Edition) may be useful for clinical studies assessing neurodevelopment and adaptive behavior in patients with Dravet syndrome. All three assessments showed relatively low intra-patient variability. Small improvements in receptive communication over twelve months were observed in patients and appear to be driven by younger patients, but otherwise no significant change from baseline to twelve months after baseline assessments was observed in the assessments across all other scales. 
 In March 2020, we announced the FDA had placed a partial clinical hold on doses of STK-001 above 20mg in the MONARCH study, pending additional preclinical testing to determine the safety profile of doses higher than the current no observed adverse effect level NOAEL ). When intrathecal doses above the NOAEL were administered to non-human primates NHPs ), adverse hind limb paresis was observed. This finding is known to occur following intrathecal delivery of ASOs to NHPs and is not known to translate to the human experience. When extremely high dose levels were administered, acute convulsions were observed immediately following STK-001 administration. The dose levels were well above the range of corresponding human doses that would ever be administered in the clinic and were delivered in a formulation that was at a higher concentration than would be administered in the clinic. There is no apparent correlation of these acute adverse events with the mechanism of action of STK-001. 
 Since March 2020, the FDA has agreed to allow us to add additional higher dose levels to the MONARCH study. The study is currently permitted to evaluate single doses (10mg, 20mg, 30mg or 45mg) and multiple doses administered monthly for three months (20mg, 30mg or 45mg). Dosing above 45mg in this study remains on FDA partial clinical hold. 
 The ADMIRAL study is a Phase 1/2a open-label study of children and adolescents ages 2 to 18 who have an established diagnosis of Dravet syndrome and have evidence of a genetic mutation in the SCN1A gene. The primary objectives for the study are to assess the safety and tolerability of multiple doses of STK-001 up to 70mg, as well as to determine the pharmacokinetics in plasma and exposure in cerebrospinal fluid. A secondary objective is to assess the effect of multiple doses of STK-001 as an adjunctive antiepileptic treatment with respect to the percentage change from baseline in convulsive seizure frequency over a 24-week treatment period. We are measuring non-seizure aspects of the disease, such as overall clinical status and quality of life, as secondary endpoints. 
 In the second half of 2021, we announced positive interim safety, PK, CSF exposure, and efficacy data from the MONARCH study based on data from patients who were treated in the 20mg MAD dose cohort, most of whom had received three monthly doses of STK-001, or the single 10mg, 20mg or 30mg dose cohorts. Key findings from the interim analysis included that single doses of STK-001 up to 30mg, and three 20mg doses of STK-001 given every four weeks were found to be well tolerated. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events TEAEs were headache, vomiting, seizure, irritability, and back pain. Additionally, 70.6 (12 of 17) patients treated with single doses (10mg, 20mg, 30mg) or multiple 
 12 
 
 doses (20mg) of STK-001, and all patients ages 2-12 (7 of 7), experienced a reduction from baseline in convulsive seizure frequency measured from Day 29 to Day 84 after receiving their first dose of STK-001. 
 In November and December 2022, we announced additional positive interim safety, PK, CSF exposure and efficacy data from the MONARCH and ADMIRAL studies, which, along with other data, was presented at the American Epilepsy Society (AES) 2022 Annual Meeting. The pooled data from these two studies demonstrated that, as of the time of the 2022 interim analysis, single and multiple doses of STK-001 up to 45mg were well-tolerated. 27 (15 of 55) of patients experienced a TEAE related to the study drug, all of which were mild or moderate in severity. 22 (12 of 55) of patients had a treatment-emergent serious adverse event, none of which were related to the study drug. The most common TEAEs observed were vomiting, headache and seizures. 33 (18 of 55) of patients experienced CSF protein elevation 50mg/dL) after dosing, but no clinical manifestations were observed. No TEAEs led to study drug withdrawal. 
 One of several secondary endpoints for both the MONARCH and ADMIRAL studies was a comparison of the percentage change in convulsive seizure frequency as measured by daily seizure diaries and calculated over 4-week periods: between baseline and 12 weeks after treatment and between baseline and end of study. Preliminary analysis using pooled data from the MONARCH and ADMIRAL studies showed that 74 (20 of 27) of patients who were treated with multiple doses of 20mg, 30mg or 45mg of STK-001 and were followed for at least three months after their last dose experienced a reduction from baseline in seizure frequency. Median reductions from baseline in convulsive seizure frequency of 55 (45mg, n 6), 20 (30mg, n 17) and 41 (20mg, n 4) were observed in patients treated with three doses of STK-001 as measured from Day 29 after their first dose to three months after receiving their last dose as illustrated in exhibit 9 below. 
 Exhibit 9. Reduction in convulsive seizure frequency (SF) for all ages combined by cohort 
 
 Source: MONARCH and ADMIRAL Interim Analyses: Phase 1/2a Studies Investigating Safety and Drug Exposure of STK-001, an Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO), in Children and Adolescents with Dravet Syndrome (DS) (AES 2022) 
 
 13 

Reductions in seizures were observed across all age groups, with seizure reductions more evident among patients 2-12 as seen in exhibits 10 and 11 below. 

Exhibit 10. Reductions in SF for younger patients 
 
 Exhibit 11. Reductions in SF for older patients 

Source: MONARCH and ADMIRAL Interim Analyses: Phase 1/2a Studies Investigating Safety and Drug Exposure of STK-001, an Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO), in Children and Adolescents with Dravet Syndrome (DS) (AES 2022) 
 
 As presented at the AES 2022 Annual Meeting and illustrated by exhibits 12 and 13 below, topline data from six patients treated with three doses of 45mg of STK-001 showed: 

a 55 median reduction from baseline in convulsive seizure frequency from day 29 after the first dose to three months after receiving the last dose 

a greater than 50 reduction in convulsive seizure frequency in 67 (4 of 6) of patients: 

reductions from baseline in convulsive seizure frequency in 83 (5 of 6) of patients and 

that reductions in seizure frequency began after the first dose and continued with additional treatment, consistent with the anticipated mechanism of action of STK-001. 

Exhibit 12. Changes in SF from baseline 
 
 Exhibit 13. Median changes in SF over time 

Source: MONARCH and ADMIRAL Interim Analyses: Phase 1/2a Studies Investigating Safety and Drug Exposure of STK-001, an Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO), in Children and Adolescents with Dravet Syndrome (DS) (AES 2022) 
 The following PK and CSF exposure findings were also observed as of the time of the 2022 interim analysis: (i) a dose-dependent increase in study drug exposure was observed in plasma with a greater increase observed between 30mg and 45mg than between 20mg and 30mg (ii) the plasma PK profile was consistent across ADMIRAL and MONARCH patients who were treated at the same dose level and (iii) CSF exposure was measurable up to six months following single and multiple intrathecal doses of STK-001, indicating sustained exposure of STK-001 in the brain. 
 MONARCH and ADMIRAL continue to progress. In the United States, MONARCH enrollment is nearing completion, and dosing is ongoing in the expanded 45mg multiple dose cohort. In the United Kingdom, ADMIRAL 
 14 
 
 enrollment is now complete and dosing is ongoing at the 70mg multiple dose cohort . We expect to announce preliminary clinical data on 45 mg MAD doses of STK-001 in mid-2023 and additional preliminary clinical data on 70mg MAD doses of STK-001 in the second half of 2023 . 
 SWALLOWTAIL and LONGWING Open Label Extension Studies 
 In January 2021, we initiated enrollment and dosing in our SWALLOWTAIL Open Label Extension (OLE) study of STK-001 for children and adolescents with Dravet syndrome in the United States, and in May 2022, we began dosing patients in our LONGWING OLE study of STK-001 for children and adolescents with Dravet syndrome in the United Kingdom. Patients who participated in the MONARCH study in the United States or the ADMIRAL study in the United Kingdom and meet study entry criteria are eligible to continue treatment in SWALLOWTAIL or LONGWING, respectively, both of which are designed to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of repeated doses of STK-001. SWALLOWTAIL and LONGWING will also provide valuable information on the preliminary effects of STK-001 on seizures along with non-seizure aspects of the disease, such as quality of life and cognition. Following interactions with regulatory agencies, we have agreed to limit chronic dosing in SWALLOWTAIL to 30mg and in LONGWING to 45mg. 
 In December 2021 we presented initial data from the SWALLOWTAIL study that demonstrated that multiple doses up to 30mg of STK-001 intrathecally every four months appears to be well tolerated. In addition, preliminary data from a small cohort of patients treated in the SWALLOWTAIL OLE was presented at the AES 2022 Annual Meeting and showed the effects of ongoing treatment with 30mg of STK-001, including: 

a safety profile consistent with MONARCH and ADMIRAL 

reductions in convulsive seizure frequency that were observed in MONARCH were maintained with ongoing treatment in the SWALLOWTAIL OLE, as illustrated in exhibit 14 below and 

 Exhibit 14. Median change in SF from MONARCH baseline over time 
 
 Source: SWALLOWTAIL: An Open-Label Extension (OLE) Study for Children and Adolescents with Dravet Syndrome (DS) who Previously Participated in a Study of Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO) STK-001 (AES 2022) 

a trend toward improvement in non-seizure comorbidities as measured by the BRIEF-P, an assessment of executive function that was one of several exploratory endpoints, was observed among patients in the SWALLOWTAIL OLE, while one-year data from the BUTTERFLY observational study, which did not include treatment with STK-001, showed little change from baseline to 12 months in the mean BRIEF-P Scores and other commonly used cognition assessments, as illustrated in exhibit 15 below. 

 15 
 
 Exhibit 15 . Mean change in BRIEF-P measurements from BUTTERFLY and SWALLOWTAIL studies 
 
 Sources: Twelve-month Analysis of BUTTERFLY: An Observational Study to Investigate Cognition and Other Non-seizure Comorbidities in Children and Adolescents with Dravet Syndrome (DS) (AES 2022). SWALLOWTAIL: An Open-Label Extension (OLE) Study for Children and Adolescents with Dravet Syndrome (DS) who Previously Participated in a Study of Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO) STK-001 (AES 2022) 
 We have not yet discussed with regulatory authorities the evidence necessary for approval of STK-001. However, if we see evidence of clinical efficacy as we dose escalate, then we would plan to meet with regulatory authorities to discuss expedited regulatory pathways. 
 STK-002 for the treatment of Autosomal Dominant Optic Atrophy (ADOA) 
 STK-002 is our lead clinical candidate for the treatment of ADOA. STK-002 is designed to upregulate OPA1 protein expression by leveraging the non-mutant (wild-type) copy of the OPA1 gene to restore OPA1 protein expression with the aim to stop or slow vision loss in patients with ADOA. To date, we have generated preclinical data demonstrating proof-of-mechanism and proof-of-concept for STK-002. 
 Disease Overview 
 ADOA is the most common inherited optic nerve disorder seen in clinical practice. ADOA causes progressive and irreversible vision loss in both eyes starting in the first decade of life. Many children progress to blindness. Roughly half of people with ADOA fail driving standards and up to 46 are registered as legally blind. The disease affects one in 30,000 people globally with a higher incidence of approximately one in 10,000 in Denmark due to a founder effect. 65 to 90 of ADOA is caused by mutations in one allele of the OPA1 gene, most of which lead to haploinsufficiency and disease manifestation. More than 400 different OPA1 mutations have been reported in people diagnosed with ADOA. Most mutations result in a severe decrease up to 50 of the normal amount of the OPA1 protein. There is no strong genotype-phenotype correlation. 
 OPA1 is a dynamin-related GTPase that plays a key role in maintaining mitochondria structure and dynamics. The OPA1 protein is imported into the mitochondria and is the crucial molecule that mediates inner mitochondria membrane fusion and cristae morphogenesis and is critical for oxidative phosphorylation and Adenosine triphosphate ATP synthesis. Insufficient OPA1 activity causes mitochondria dysfunction with consequent insufficient ATP production, excess reactive oxygen species production and eventual cell death. High energy demanding cells such as neurons and cardiomyocytes are particularly susceptible to mitochondria dysfunction, and retinal ganglion cells RGCs are a neuronal cell type most susceptible to loss of OPA1 protein as evidenced by RGC death in ADOA caused by OPA1 haploinsufficiency. 
 A clinical diagnosis of ADOA is made when a patient meets some or all of the following criteria: pathogenic variant of the OPA1 gene identified in the patient or a family member reduced visual acuity temporal disc pallor visual field defect color vision defect (acquired blue-yellow loss) thinning of retinal nerve fiber layer and abnormal visual evoked potentials. Clinical findings are based on: intraocular pressure measurement visual field assessment color discrimination dilated slit lamp biomicroscopy optical coherence tomography or visual electrophysiology. Patients suspected of ADOA are 
 16 
 
 recommended to receive genetic testing to confirm the clinical diagnosis, help identify other family members who are affected and ensure patients avoid stressors that could increase disease progression (e.g. smoking, alcohol). The prognosis for many patients with ADOA is poor and the rate of visual loss can be difficult to predict given significant inter- and intra-familial variability. 
 Current Treatments 
 There are currently no available treatments for ADOA. Because ADOA causes deterioration of the optic nerves, corrective aids such as glasses or contacts do not help to improve vision lost to the disease. Supportive services and low-vision aids are offered for patients with severely decreased visual acuity. Our ASOs are designed to target the underlying cause of ADOA, which is OPA1 haploinsufficiency, by decreasing a non-productive mRNA splicing event in the OPA1 gene to increase productive OPA1 mRNA and OPA1 protein in the retinal ganglion cells. 
 Preclinical data 
 We previously identified a novel exon inclusion event Exon X in OPA1 that leads to non-productive mRNA due to introduction of a premature termination codon PTC (exhibit 16 below). Our preclinical studies showed that our ASOs blocked the incorporation of Exon X with consequent dose-dependent increase in productive OPA1 mRNA and protein due to reduction of Exon X-directed non-sense mediated decay NMD of OPA1 mRNA (exhibit 17 below). We have now demonstrated that a single injection of ASO-14 surrogate in the rabbit eye leads to a dose-dependent increase in ASO accumulation in the retina that correlated with an increase in target engagement (removal of Exon X) and an increase in OPA1 protein (exhibit 18 below). The study was conducted using female New Zealand white rabbits that were injected with a single dose of vehicle alone or vehicle containing ASO (n 3/group). On Days 15 and 29, the retinal tissue was collected and analyzed. Retinal exposure of ASO-14 surrogate (ST-1102) was elevated with increased dosing, dose-dependent target engagement was seen at all three time-points examined, and protein increase of OPA1 protein was observed at both Day 15 and Day 29 of the study. We further showed that in OPA1 haploinsufficient human cells, ASO-14-mediated increase in OPA1 protein translates to improved mitochondrial function as measured by the substantial restoration of ATP levels in the treated cells (exhibit 19 below). ATP is produced by the mitochondria and is the key energy carrying molecule in cells. We observed a 20 ATP deficit in OPA1 +/- HEK293. Treatment with ASO-14 restored ATP levels to ~90 of control cells. 
 Exhibit 16: A representation of the non-productive mRNA splicing event in OPA1 

17 

Exhibit 17: Inhibition of NMD with cycloheximide allows for evaluation of the abundance of this event in vitro 

Exhibit 18: Rabbit ASO demonstrates dose-dependent OPA1 protein increase in rabbit retina 
 
 Source: Venkatesh A, et al. Antisense oligonucleotide mediated increase of OPA1 expression using TANGO technology for treatment of autosomal dominant optic atrophy. Presented at The Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology May 3-7, 2020 Baltimore, MD. 
 18 
 
 Exhibit 19 : Human ASO demonstrates ATP upregulation in OPA1 haploinsufficient HEK293 cells 
 
 Source: Stoke data 
 
 In May 2021, we presented new preclinical efficacy data at the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting demonstrating that our TANGO ASOs can increase OPA1 protein levels and improve mitochondrial function in human cells derived from ADOA patients with different OPA1 mutations. Exhibit 20 below demonstrates that our TANGO ASO increases OPA1 protein and ATP linked mitochondrial respiration in ADOA patient cells. 
 
 Exhibit 20: TANGO ASO increases OPA1 protein and ATP linked mitochondrial respiration in ADOA patient cells 
 
 Source (left graph): Stoke data Source (right graph): Venkatesh A, et al. Antisense oligonucleotide mediated increase in OPA1 improves mitochondrial function in fibroblasts derived from patients with autosomal dominant optic atrophy (ADOA). Presented at The Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology May 1-7, 2021. 
 In May 2022, we presented further preclinical data for STK-002 demonstrating in-vivo , dose-related target engagement and OPA1 protein upregulation with sustained effect in NHP retinal tissue following administration of STK-002 (Exhibit 21). Additionally, a dose-related increase in OPA1 protein was detected in retinal ganglion cells of NHPs treated with STK-002. 
 
 19 

Exhibit 21. Dose-related target engagement and OPA1 protein upregulation in retinal tissue of NHPs following administration of STK-002 
 
 Source Venkatesh A, et al. STK-002, an Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO) for the Treatment of Autosomal Dominant Optic Atrophy (ADOA), is Taken Up by Retinal Ganglion Cells (RGC) and Upregulates OPA-1 Protein Expression After Intravitreal Administration to Non-human Primates (NHPs). ASGCT May 16-19, 2022. 
 Clinical Plans 
 In August 2022, we announced enrollment of the first patient in our two-year prospective natural history study of people ages 8 to 60 who have a confirmed diagnosis of ADOA that is caused by an OPA1 mutation (FALCON study). The FALCON study is designed to evaluate the rate of change in structural and functional ophthalmic assessments. Data collected from the FALCON study will support the clinical development of STK-002. We submitted a CTA in the United Kingdom in the first half of 2023 to enable a potential Phase 1/2 trial for STK-002 in 2024. 
 Additional product opportunities 
 We are also advancing additional programs focused on multiple targets, including haploinsufficiency diseases of the CNS and eye. These tissues are affected in many severe genetic diseases. 
 Longer-term, we believe that ASOs designed using TANGO may have the potential to upregulate non-mutated genes in biological pathways to treat diseases or conditions caused by multiple genes or are multifactorial, such as autoimmune diseases, aging and cancer. For these diseases, we intend to opportunistically secure partnerships with biopharmaceutical partners whose scientific, development or commercial capabilities complement our own. 
 Acadia License and Collaboration Agreement 
 In January 2022, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. Acadia for the discovery, development and commercialization of novel RNA-based medicines for the treatment of severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the CNS. The agreement focuses on the targets SYNGAP1, MECP2 (Rett syndrome), and an undisclosed neurodevelopmental target of mutual interest. In connection with each target, we will collaborate with Acadia to identify potential treatments for further development and commercialization as licensed products. With respect to SYNGAP1, we have agreed with Acadia to co-develop and co-commercialize licensed products for such target globally, and in connection therewith we granted to Acadia worldwide, co-exclusive (with us) licenses for such licensed products. With respect to MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, we granted to Acadia worldwide, exclusive licenses to develop and commercialize licensed products for such targets. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 60 million from Acadia. Acadia agreed to fund the research to identify potential licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, and we will equally fund with Acadia the research to identify potential licensed products for SYNGAP1. We are e ligible to receive up to 907.5 million in potential total milestone payments based upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, first commercial sales and sales milestone events across the programs for the three targets, assuming each milestone were achieved at least once. With respect to licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, we are also eligible 
 20 
 
 to receive tiered royalties at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the mid-teens on future net sales by Acadia of licensed products worldwide. Royalties payable under the a greement are subject to standard royalty reductions. For SYNGAP1 licensed products that we are co-developing and co-commercializing, we will be responsible for 50 of the development and commercialization costs and will receive 50 of the profits from global commercialization. 
 With respect to each SYNGAP1 licensed product being co-developed or co-commercialized, the agreement will remain in effect, unless earlier terminated, until the parties have agreed to permanently abandon the further development and commercialization of such licensed product. With respect to licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, the agreement will remain in effect, unless earlier terminated, until the expiration, on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis, of the applicable royalty term, at which point the license for such licensed product shall become fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable in such country. 
 The agreement also contains customary provisions for termination by Acadia for convenience and by either party for cause, including for material breach (subject to cure). We have standard reversion rights in connection with certain early termination events. 
 SYNGAP1 syndrome is a rare neurological disorder characterized by moderate to severe intellectual disability that is evident in early childhood. Mutations in the SYNGAP1 gene (which produces the SynGAP protein) were first identified in 2009 and since then, an increasing number of children with SYNGAP1 syndrome have been identified. Normal levels of SynGAP protein are essential for proper brain function and development. Mutations in the SYNGAP1 gene also play an important role in the development of epileptic encephalopathies (DEEs). The severity and onset of symptoms can vary from patient to patient. SYNGAP1 syndrome is characterized by developmental delay or intellectual disability, generalized epilepsy, and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and other behavioral abnormalities. More than 80 of cases of SYNGAP1 syndrome are caused by a haploinsufficiency of the SYNGAP1 gene. SYNGAP1 syndrome is estimated to account for 1 to 2 of all intellectual disability cases. There are currently no approved treatments for SYNGAP1 syndrome. 
 Rett syndrome is a rare, debilitating neurological disorder that occurs primarily in females following apparently normal development for the first six months of life. Rett syndrome is often misdiagnosed as autism, cerebral palsy, or non-specific developmental delay. Rett syndrome is caused by mutations on the X chromosome on a gene called MECP2. There are more than 200 different mutations found on the MECP2 gene that interfere with its ability to generate a normal gene product. Rett syndrome occurs worldwide in approximately one of every 10,000 to 15,000 female births and in the United States impacts 6,000 to 9,000 patients. Rett syndrome causes problems in brain function that are responsible for cognitive, sensory, emotional, motor and autonomic function. Typically, with symptoms presenting between 6 to 18 months of age, patients experience a period of rapid decline with loss of purposeful hand use (fine motor skills), development of hand stereotypies, absent or impaired mobility (gross motor skills), loss of communication skills (including eye contact) and inability to independently conduct activities of daily living. Symptoms also include seizures, disorganized breathing patterns, an abnormal side-to-side curvature of the spine (scoliosis), and sleep disturbances. Currently, there are no FDA-approved medicines for the treatment of Rett syndrome. 
 COVID-19 
 We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in an effort to mitigate interruptions to our clinical programs, research efforts and other business activities and to monitor the safety and well-being of our employees, patients and communities, as well as its impact on the U.S. economy and financial markets. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and COVID-19 variants, the actions taken to contain it or treat its impact and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. 
 For additional information on the various risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, please read Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this annual report. 
 21 
 
 Manufacturing 
 We currently contract with third parties to manufacture our products undergoing late-preclinical testing and anticipate using third parties for all clinical and commercial manufacturing. We do not own or operate facilities for product manufacturing, packaging, storage and distribution, or testing. We have personnel with extensive technical, manufacturing, analytical and quality experience and good project management to oversee contract manufacturing and testing activities. We will continue to expand and strengthen our network of third-party providers but may also consider investing in additional internal manufacturing capabilities in the future if there is a technical need, or a strategic or financial benefit. 
 Manufacturing is subject to extensive regulations that impose procedural and documentation requirements. At a minimum these regulations govern record keeping, manufacturing processes and controls, personnel, quality control and quality assurance. Our systems, procedures and contractors are required to be in compliance with these regulations and are assessed through regular monitoring and formal audits. 
 Drug substance 
 Oligonucleotide drug substance requirements for our most advanced programs can be readily met by a variety of domestic and international contractors. Many of these contractors are also able to source all the required raw materials, which allows us to consolidate raw material procurement and drug substance manufacturing activities with a single supplier. To ensure supply chain continuity, we plan to establish supply agreements with alternative suppliers as appropriate. As part of each development program, efforts will be made to invest in process changes to improve purity and yield as warranted. 
 Future drug substance compositions may require different manufacturing capabilities, which will be addressed through either expanded capability with existing contractors or establishing manufacturing supply relationships with new contractors. These changes in composition may also require new supply chain agreements with contractors that specialize in raw material manufacturing. Our internal personnel will work to identify and establish relationships with contractors that may be ideally suited to meeting these new manufacturing requirements. 
 Drug product 
 In the near future, we expect all our oligonucleotide drug products to consist of drug substance formulated in either saline, buffered saline, or some other diluent appropriate for intrathecal, intraocular, subcutaneous, or intravenous injection. These types of formulations can be manufactured using common processes and readily available materials. We are establishing agreements with a variety of contractors that are suitably equipped to manufacture, package, and test these types of oligonucleotide drug product formulations for subsequent shipment to clinical sites. Several of these manufacturers would also be capable of formulation and packaging for commercial use. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries, and the genetic medicines fields, are characterized by rapid evolution of technologies, fierce competition and strong defense of intellectual property. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will have to compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. While we believe that our technology, development experience and scientific knowledge in the field of biologics, RNA splicing, and antisense oligonucleotide chemistry provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 
 While therapeutic modalities, including gene therapy, gene editing, modified RNA and protein-based drugs, are currently being developed to address monogenic diseases, most of these approaches are focused on autosomal recessive or autosomal dominant gain-of-function diseases. The nature and fundamental limitations of these approaches make them less suited for addressing the underlying cause of autosomal dominant haploinsufficiencies. Other next generation antisense oligonucleotides have also generally had limited success in upregulating gene expression of haploinsufficiencies, due to a focus on indirectly and weakly validated mechanisms of action such as targeting microRNAs or long non-coding RNAs that are associated with a gene transcript. We are pioneers in developing disease-modifying therapies to treat haploinsufficiencies and are uniquely positioned to exploit this significant opportunity with our TANGO platform. 
 22 
 
 If our current product candidate, STK-001, is approved for the treatment of Dravet syndrome, it may compete with other products currently marketed or in development. Currently marketed ASMs range from cannabidiols, such as Jazz Pharmaceuticals Epidiolex, Fintepla (fenfluramine) from UCB , to GABA receptor agonists, such as clobazam and stiripentol, to glutamate blockers, such as topiramate. Companies such as Ovid Therapeutics/Takeda, Xenon Pharmaceuticals, Eisai Pharmaceuticals, Epygenix, Longboard Pharmaceuticals , CAMP4, Encoded Therapeutics and others are also developing treatments for Dravet syndrome. Many of the currently marketed ASMs are available as generics. In addition, numerous compounds are in clinical development for treatment of epilepsy. To our knowledge, the clinical development pipeline includes cannabinoids, 5-HT release stimulants, cholesterol 24-hydroxylase inhibitors, and sodium channel antagonists from a variety of companies. Importantly, we believe none of the drugs in clinical development address the underlying genetic cause of Dravet syndrome. 
 Our second product candidate, STK-002, is in development for treatment of ADOA. There are no products currently marketed or in clinical development for treatment of ADOA. To our knowledge, there are also very limited preclinical development efforts beyond our product candidate. PYC Therapeutics is developing a cell penetrating peptide PMO conjugated to ASO for treatment of ADOA. 
 Many of our competitors, either alone or with strategic partners, have substantially greater financial, technical, and human resources than we do. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than us in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining approval for treatments and achieving widespread market acceptance, rendering our treatments obsolete or non-competitive. Merger and acquisition activity in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These companies also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials and acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Our commercial opportunity could be substantially limited if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are more effective, safer, less toxic, more convenient or less expensive than our comparable products. In geographies that are critical to our commercial success, competitors may also obtain regulatory approvals before us, resulting in our competitors building a strong market position in advance of the entry of our products. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of other drugs. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our programs are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience and availability of reimbursement. 
 Reimbursement 
 The regulations that govern pricing and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription biopharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, a drug company can obtain regulatory approval for a product in a country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay commercial launch of that product. 
 A drug company s ability to commercialize any products successfully will also depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Even if one or more products are successfully brought to the market, these products may not be considered cost effective, and the amount reimbursed for such products may be insufficient to allow them to be sold on a competitive basis. Third-party payors who reimburse patients or healthcare providers, such as government plans, are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are seeking to reduce the prices charged or the amounts reimbursed for biopharmaceutical products. 
 Significant delays can occur in obtaining reimbursement for newly-approved drugs or therapeutic biologics, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug or therapeutic biologic is approved by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that covers a drug company s costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. 
 Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also be insufficient to cover a drug company s costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may be based on payments allowed for lower cost drugs or therapeutic biologics that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other services and may reflect budgetary constraints or imperfections in Medicare data. Net prices for drugs or therapeutic biologics may be reduced 
 23 
 
 by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs or therapeutic biologics from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are commercially important to our business, including obtaining, maintaining and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among, other methods, pursuing and obtaining patent protection in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements, platforms and product candidates that are important to the development and implementation of our business. Our patent portfolio, including in-licensed patents and patent applications, is intended to cover, but is not limited to, our technology platforms, product candidates and components thereof, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, and any other inventions that are commercially important to our business. We also rely on trade secret protection of our confidential information and know-how relating to our proprietary technology, platforms and product candidates, continuing innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and maintain our position in our TANGO platform and product candidates. Our commercial success may depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for our technology, inventions and improvements to preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets to maintain our licenses to use intellectual property owned or controlled by third parties to defend and enforce our proprietary rights, including our patents to defend against challenges and assertions by third parties of their purported intellectual property rights and to operate without infringement of valid and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. 
 
 With respect to our TANGO platform, we have exclusively licensed intellectual property for our TANGO technology from the University of Southampton and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, which includes issued U.S. and foreign patents and pending U.S. and foreign patent applications that cover the TANGO mechanisms. As of December 31, 2022, the issued U.S. patents, issued foreign patents, pending U.S. patent applications and pending foreign patent applications that we have licensed from the University of Southampton are anticipated to expire between 2035 and 2036, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. As of December 31, 2022, the issued U.S. patents, pending U.S. patent applications and pending foreign patent applications that we have licensed from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory are anticipated to expire in 2035, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 
 Separately, we have obtained patents and filed patent applications with claims that are intended to cover compositions of matter of oligonucleotides designed to target specific elements in genes for many genetic diseases that we believe are amenable to upregulation of target protein expression using our TANGO platform. As of December 31, 2022, the issued U.S. patents, the issued foreign patents and any patents that may issue from the currently pending patent applications, including PCT international applications, U.S. patent applications, and foreign patent applications, are expected to expire between 2036 and 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 With respect to STK-001, as of December 31, 2022, we have exclusively licensed U.S. patents that cover the mechanism of action of STK-001, as well as foreign patents and pending foreign patent applications. The issued patents and any patents that may issue from these pending patent applications are expected to expire between 2035 and 2036, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. As of December 31, 2022, we also own U.S. patents, pending U.S. patent applications, foreign patents and pending foreign patent applications relating to STK-001, and the U.S. patents any patents that may issue from these pending patent applications are expected to expire between 2038 and 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 With respect to STK-002, as of December 31, 2022, we have exclusively licensed U.S. patents that cover the mechanism of action of STK-002, as well as foreign patents and pending foreign patent applications. The issued patents and any patents that may issue from these pending patent applications are expected to expire between 2035 and 2036, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. As of December 31, 2022, we also own pending U.S. patent applications, and pending foreign patent applications relating to STK-002, and any patents that may issue from these pending patent applications are expected to expire between 2038 and 2041, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the laws of the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing of a non-provisional patent application. However, the 
 24 
 
 term of United States patents may be extended for delays incurred due to compliance with the FDA requirements or by delays encountered during prosecution that are caused by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO. For example, for drugs that are regulated by the FDA under the Hatch-Waxman Act, it is permitted to extend the term of a patent that covers such drug for up to five years beyond the normal expiration date of the patent. For more information on patent term extensions, see Business Government regulation: The Hatch-Waxman Act Patent term extension . In the future, if and when our biopharmaceutical product candidates receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those product candidates. We intend to seek patent term extensions to any of our issued patents in any jurisdiction where these are available however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the USPTO and FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. Our currently issued patents will likely expire on dates ranging from 2035 to 2038, unless we receive patent term extension or patent term adjustment, or both. If patents are issued on our pending patent applications, the resulting patents are projected to expire on dates ranging from 2036 to 204 3 , unless we receive patent term extension or patent term adjustment, or both. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country-to-country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 The patent positions of companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. No consistent policy regarding the scope of claims allowable in patents in the field of genetic therapy has emerged in the United States. The patent situation outside of the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in the patent laws and rules, either by legislation, judicial decisions, or regulatory interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish our ability to protect our inventions and enforce our intellectual property rights, and more generally could affect the value of our intellectual property. In particular, our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, importing or otherwise commercializing any of our patented inventions, either directly or indirectly, will depend in part on our success in obtaining, defending and enforcing patent claims that cover our technology, inventions, and improvements. With respect to both licensed and company-owned intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our platform and product candidates and the methods used to manufacture them. Moreover, our issued patents and those that may issue in the future may not guarantee us the right to practice our technology in relation to the commercialization of our platform s product candidates. The area of patent and other intellectual property rights in biotechnology is an evolving one with many risks and uncertainties, and third parties may have blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from commercializing our TANGO platform and product candidates and practicing our proprietary technology. Our issued patents and those that may issue in the future may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented or invalidated, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing related platforms or product candidates or limit the length of the term of patent protection that we may have for our TANGO platform and product candidates. In addition, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies. For these reasons, we may have competition for our TANGO platform and product candidates. Moreover, because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that before any product candidate can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantage of the patent. For this and other risks related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements, platforms and product candidates, please see the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to our Intellectual Property. 
 We have filed for trademark protection of the Stoke Therapeutics mark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and foreign trademark organizations. We have registered, and intend to maintain, the trademark Stoke Therapeutics in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in numerous other jurisdictions, including but not limited to the European Union, China, India, and Canada. 
 We also rely on trade secret protection for our confidential and proprietary information. Although we take steps to protect our confidential and proprietary information as trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements under the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. In many cases our confidentiality 
 25 
 
 and other agreements with consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors require them to assign or grant us licenses to inventions they invent as a result of the work or services they render under such agreements or grant us an option to negotiate a license to use such inventions. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. 
 We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our proprietary technology and processes by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Although we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. To the extent that our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators and advisors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in relation to the resulting know-how or inventions. For more information, please see the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to our Intellectual Property. 
 License and research agreements 
 In July 2015, we entered into a worldwide license agreement, or the CSHL Agreement, with CSHL, with respect to TANGO patents. Under the CSHL Agreement, we receive an exclusive (except with respect to certain government rights and non-exclusive licenses), worldwide license under certain patents and applications relating to TANGO. The CSHL Agreement obligates us to make payments that are contingent upon certain milestones being achieved. We are also required to pay royalties, tiered based on the scope of patent coverage for each licensed product, ranging from a low-single digit percentage to a mid-single digit percentage on annual net sales. These royalty obligations apply on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the latest of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of a CSHL patent covering the applicable licensed product or (ii) the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the applicable licensed product. In addition, if we sublicense the rights under the CSHL Agreement, we are required to pay a maximum of twenty percent of the sublicense revenue to CSHL, which may be reduced to a mid-teens or a mid-single digit percentage upon achievement of certain clinical milestones for the applicable licensed product. Finally, we are required to pay an annual license maintenance fee of 0.01 million, which amount is creditable against any owed royalty or milestone payments. The maximum aggregate potential milestone payments payable total approximately 0.9 million. Additionally, certain licenses under the CSHL Agreement require us to reimburse CSHL for certain past and ongoing patent related expenses, however there were no expenses related to these reimbursable patent costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In February 2023, we delivered a notice of termination of the CSHL Agreement to CSHL, and we expect the CSHL Agreement to be terminated within 90 days of such notice. We do not expect the termination of the CSHL Agreement to have a significant impact on the intellectual property underlying any of our current product candidates, including STK-001 and STK-002, or our continued development of the TANGO platform. 
 In April 2016, we entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with the University of Southampton (the Southampton Agreement ), whereby we acquired rights to foundational technologies related to our TANGO technology. Under the Southampton Agreement, we receive an exclusive, worldwide license under certain licensed patents and applications relating to TANGO. Under the Southampton Agreement, we may be obligated to make additional payments that are contingent upon certain milestones being achieved, as well as royalties on future product sales. These royalty obligations survive until the latest of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of a licensed patent covering a subject product or (ii) the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the subject product in a country. In addition, if we sublicense its rights under the Southampton Agreement, we are required to pay a mid-single digit percentage of the sublicense revenue to the University of Southampton. As of December 31, 2022, we had paid 0.7 million under the Southampton Agreement as a result of entering into the Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. license and collaboration agreement in January 2022 (See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K). Additionally, certain licenses under the Southampton Agreement require us to reimburse the University of Southampton for certain past and ongoing patent related expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022 these expenses were 0.02 million compared to 0.12 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Government Regulation 
 FDA approval process 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with 
 26 
 
 applicable U.S. regulations may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as a clinical hold, FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications, or NDAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Pharmaceutical product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the U.S. typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal testing followed by submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before clinical testing may commence. Data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials are required to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 
 Preclinical requirements include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation, pharmacology and toxicity studies in animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLP. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 
 A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. The clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin after a safe to proceed communication is received from the FDA. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations (ii) in compliance with good clinical practice GCP ), an international standard designed to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles, qualifications and responsibilities of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors as well as (iii) under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 The FDA may order a clinical hold, which is the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. If FDA imposes a clinical hold, clinical trials cannot commence or recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional review board IRB ), for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 
 Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug generally for a specific indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances, including (1) where the study is a large multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible or (2) when in conjunction with other confirmatory evidence. 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial. The submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, currently 3,117,218 for fiscal year 2022, and the applicant under an approved NDA is also subject to an annual program fee, currently 369,413 for each prescription drug product. These fees are typically increased annually. Sponsors of applications for drugs granted Orphan Drug Designation are exempt from these user fees. 
 27 
 
 FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. FDA may request additional information rather than file an NDA. In this event, the NDA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before FDA files it. Once the submission is accepted for filing, FDA begins an in-depth review. FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of new drug applications to encourage timeliness. Most applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within ten to twelve months of the date of submission of the new drug application to FDA the target review period for priority review drugs is six months from the date of filing (accepted for review by the FDA) of the new drug application. Priority review can be applied to an application for a drug that treats a serious condition and if approved would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness over existing treatments or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 
 FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an external drug advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians, statisticians, patient representatives and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 
 Before approving an NDA, FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug substance and drug product are manufactured. FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with current good manufacturing practices cGMPs is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 After FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for FDA to reconsider the application. Even after an applicant submits additional information, FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, FDA will issue an approval letter. FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use ETASU ). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. FDA may also require a REMS for a drug that is already on the market if it determines, based on new safety information, that a REMS plan is necessary to ensure that the products benefits outweigh its risks. 
 Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 
 Fast Track Designation, Breakthrough Designation, Accelerated Approval, and Priority Review 
 
 The following four FDA programs are intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs to address unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition: fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval, and priority review. 
 Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. Fast Track Designation is intended to facilitate development and expedite review of drugs to treat serious and life-threatening conditions so that an approved product can reach the market expeditiously. If a submission is granted Fast Track Designation, the sponsor may engage in more frequent interactions with FDA, and FDA may review sections of the NDA before the full 
 28 
 
 application is complete. This rolling review is available if, in agreement with the FDA, the applicant provides, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information. However, the FDA does not start the review clock for the application until the last section of the NDA is submitted. Fast Track Designation may be withdrawn by FDA if they believe that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging data in the development process. 
 Breakthrough Therapy Designation may be granted by the FDA to the development of a new drug and also for a new use or indication of an approved drug. This designation requires preliminary clinical evidence of a treatment effect that may represent substantial improvement over available therapies for the treatment of a serious condition. FDA expects that such evidence generally would be derived from early phase trials such as phase 1 or 2 trials. For purposes of Breakthrough Therapy Designation, preliminary clinical evidence refers to evidence that is sufficient to indicate that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement in effectiveness or safety over available therapies. A Breakthrough Therapy Designation conveys more intensive FDA guidance on an efficient drug development program. FDA also has an organizational commitment to involve senior management in such guidance. Such guidance may include holding meetings with the sponsor and review team throughout the development of the drug, providing timely advice to, and interactive communication with, the sponsor regarding the development of the drug to ensure that the development program to gather the non-clinical and clinical data necessary for approval is as efficient as possible, and taking steps to ensure that the design of the clinical trials is as efficient as practicable, when scientifically appropriate, such as by minimizing the number of patients exposed to a potentially less efficacious treatment. 
 The FDA s accelerated approval pathway is available under FDA s accelerated approval regulations and under the FDCA for drugs that have been granted Fast Track designation. FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 
 In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions, or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous and mandatory post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to priority review by FDA. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act FDORA was recently enacted, which included provisions related to the accelerated approval pathway. Pursuant to FDORA, the FDA is authorized to require a post-approval study to be underway prior to approval or within a specified time period following approval. FDORA also requires the FDA to specify conditions of any required post-approval study, which may include milestones such as a target date of study completion and requires sponsors to submit progress reports for required post-approval studies and any conditions required by the FDA not later than 180 days following approval and not less frequently than every 180 days thereafter until completion or termination of the study. FDORA enables the FDA to initiate enforcement action for the failure to conduct with due diligence a required post-approval study, including a failure to meet any required conditions specified by the FDA or to submit timely reports. 
 A drug candidate is eligible for priority review, or review within a six-month time frame from the time an NDA is filed by FDA, if the drug candidate is intended for the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious or life-threatening condition, demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need, or provides a significant improvement compared to marketed drugs. 
 Orphan Drugs 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, FDA may grant Orphan Drug Designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. Orphan Drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After FDA grants Orphan Drug Designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by FDA. Orphan Drug Designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular disease with FDA Orphan Drug Designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such 
 29 
 
 as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of Orphan Drug Designation are tax credits for certain research and an exemption from the NDA user fee. 
 Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program 
 Under the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program, FDA may award a priority review voucher to the sponsor of an approved marketing application for a product that treats or prevents a rare pediatric disease. The voucher entitles the sponsor to priority review of one subsequent marketing application. 
 A voucher may be awarded only for an approved rare pediatric disease product application. A rare pediatric disease product application is an NDA or a Biologics License Application BLA for a product that treats or prevents a serious or life-threatening disease in which the serious or life-threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years in general, the disease must affect fewer than 200,000 such individuals in the U.S. the NDA must be deemed eligible for priority review the NDA must not seek approval for a different adult indication (i.e., for a different disease/condition) the product must not contain an active ingredient that has been previously approved by FDA and the NDA must rely on clinical data derived from studies examining a pediatric population such that the approved product can be adequately labeled for the pediatric population. Before NDA approval, FDA may designate a product in development as a product for a rare pediatric disease, but such designation is not required to receive a voucher. 
 To receive a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher, a sponsor must notify FDA, upon submission of the NDA, of its intent to request a voucher. If FDA determines that the NDA is a rare pediatric disease product application, and if the NDA is approved, FDA will award the sponsor of the NDA a voucher upon approval of the NDA. FDA may revoke a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher if the product for which it was awarded is not marketed in the U.S. within 365 days of the product s approval. 
 
 The voucher, which is transferable to another sponsor, may be submitted with a subsequent NDA or biologics license application, or BLA, and entitles the holder to priority review of the accompanying NDA or BLA. The sponsor submitting the priority review voucher must notify FDA of is intent to submit the voucher with the NDA or BLA at least 90 days prior to submission of the NDA or BLA and must pay a priority review user fee in addition to any other required user fee 1,226,651 in fiscal year 2022). FDA must take action on an NDA or BLA under priority review within six months of filing the NDA or BLA by FDA. 
 On December 27, 2020, the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program was extended. Under the current statutory sunset provisions, after September 30, 2024, FDA may only award a voucher for an approved rare pediatric disease product application if the sponsor has rare pediatric disease designation for the drug, and that designation was granted by September 30, 2024. Without further statutory amendments, after September 30, 2026, the FDA may not award any rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers. 
 Post-approval requirements 
 Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following FDA approval of an NDA. FDA also may require post-marketing testing or studies, known as Phase 4 commitments, REMS and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, drug manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by FDA, during which the Agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. 
 30 
 
 Pediatric information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (the PREA ), NDAs or supplements to NDAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data. With certain exceptions, the PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (the BPCA ), provides NDA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity patent or nonpatent for a drug if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include FDA s determination that information relating to the use of a new drug in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, FDA making a written request for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications under the BPCA are treated as priority applications, with all of the benefits that designation confers. 
 Disclosure of clinical trial information 
 Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. The government recently released a regulation and policy to expand and enhance the requirements related to registering and reporting the results of clinical trials, which may result in greater enforcement of these requirements in the future. 
 The Hatch-Waxman Act 
 Orange Book listing 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 
 The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that (i) the required patent information has not been filed (ii) the listed patent has expired (iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carve out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 
 The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. 
 31 
 
 Exclusivity 
 Upon NDA approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which FDA cannot receive any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug. An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification, and, thus, no ANDA may be filed before the expiration of the exclusivity period. Certain changes to a drug, such as the addition of a new indication to the package insert, can be the subject of a three-year period if the application contains reports of new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) conducted or sponsored by the sponsor that were essential to the approval of the application. FDA cannot approve an ANDA for a generic drug that includes the change during the exclusivity period. 
 Patent term extension 
 After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase (the time between IND application and NDA submission) and all of the review phase (the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years). The time can be shortened if FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for extension and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. For patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. 
 Other healthcare laws 
 In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws have been applied to restrict certain general business and marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry in recent years. These laws include anti-kickback statutes, false claims statutes and other healthcare laws and regulations. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally financed healthcare programs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the ACA, amended the intent element of the federal statute so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to commit a violation. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. 
 Federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. This includes claims made to programs where the federal government reimburses, such as Medicaid, as well as programs where the federal government is a direct purchaser, such as when it purchases off the Federal Supply Schedule. Recently, several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. Additionally, the ACA amended the federal Anti-Kickback Statute such that a violation of that statute can serve as a basis for liability under the federal False Claims Act. Most states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 32 
 
 Other federal statutes pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse include the civil monetary penalties statute, which prohibits, among other things, the offer or payment of remuneration to a Medicaid or Medicare beneficiary that the offer o r or payor knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order a receive a reimbursable item or service from a particular supplier, and the additional federal criminal statutes created by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises any money or property owned by or under the control of any healthcare benefit program in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 
 In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, impose obligations on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services involving the storage, use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information, and require notification to affected individuals and regulatory authorities of certain breaches of security of individually identifiable health information. HITECH increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect. 
 Further, pursuant to the ACA, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (the CMS has issued a final rule that requires manufacturers of prescription drugs to collect and report annually information on certain payments or transfers of value to physicians, physician assistants, certain types of advance practice nurses and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, such providers, and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. The reported data is made available in searchable form on a public website on an annual basis. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties. 
 In addition, several states now require prescription drug companies to report certain expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products and to report gifts and payments to individual healthcare practitioners in these states. Other states prohibit various marketing-related activities, such as the provision of certain kinds of gifts or meals. Still other states require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. Some states require the reporting of certain pricing information, including information pertaining to and justifying price increases, or prohibit prescription drug price gouging. In addition, certain states require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs and/or marketing codes. Certain states and local jurisdictions also require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties. 
 Efforts to ensure that business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations involve substantial costs. If a drug company s operations are found to be in violation of any such requirements, it may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of its operations, loss of eligibility to obtain approvals from the FDA, exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement or other federal or state government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, imprisonment, and reputational harm. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action for an alleged or suspected violation can cause a drug company to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business, even if such action is successfully defended. 
 Possible change in law or policy 
 Healthcare reforms that have been adopted, and that may be adopted in the future, could result in further reductions in coverage and levels of reimbursement for pharmaceutical products, increases in rebates payable under U.S. government rebate programs and additional downward pressure on pharmaceutical product prices. Healthcare reform proposals recently culminated in the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA ), which will, among other things, allow the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D (excluding drugs and biologics that are designated and approved for only one rare disease or condition), although only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 
 33 
 
 years 11 years for biologics can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped at a statutory ceiling price. Beginning in October 2022 for Medicare Part D and January 2023 for Medicare Part B, the IRA will also penalize drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part D and Part B drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation . In addition, the IRA will eliminate, beginning in 2025, the coverage gap under Medicare Part D by significantly lowering the enrollee maximum out-of-pocket cost and requiring manufacturers to subsidize, through a newly established manufacturer discount program, 10 of Part D enrollees prescription costs for brand drugs below the out-of-pocket maximum, and 20 once the out-of-pocket maximum has been reached. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. It is unclear to what extent other statutory, regulatory, and administrative initiatives will be enacted and implemented. 
 Foreign regulation 
 Clinical trials 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our product candidates to the extent we choose to sell any products outside of the United States. For clinical trials, many countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical study application similar to the process in the United States. However, the specific requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials vary greatly from country to country. In the European Union, for example, clinical trials are governed by the new EU Regulation on Clinical Trials (Reg. EU No. 536/2014) (the CTR that has become applicable on January 31, 2022. The CTR stipulates the process of obtaining competent authority approval for clinical trials. Under the CTR, trial sponsors submit their application for approval via an EU Portal. While the procedure for approval is conducted in a coordinated manner among the concerned EU Member States as provided under the CTR, the approvals will still have to be granted by the competent authorities of the EU Member States where a trial takes place. The CTR has streamlined the process for the application and granting of the approvals in comparison with the predecessor legislation, Directive 2001/20/EC on clinical trials (the CTD ). However, the process of obtaining clinical trial approval in the EU is still complex and can significantly delay the start of a multinational clinical trial. 
 Following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union on December 31, 2020, different rules apply in the United Kingdom from the European Union. 
 Approval and reimbursement 
 Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval or licensing of a product by regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence marketing of the product in those countries. The approval processes for both approval and marketing of commercial drugs vary from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. 
 The requirements governing the product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. As in the United States, post-approval regulatory requirements, such as those regarding product manufacture, marketing, or distribution would apply to any product that is approved outside the United States. 
 To obtain regulatory approval of a medicinal product under EU regulatory systems, a sponsor must submit a marketing authorization application. The grant of marketing authorization in the EU is governed by Directive 2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, commonly known as the Community Code and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 March 2004 laying down Community procedures for the authorization and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ), commonly referred to as the EMA Regulation. In addition, Regulation 1394/2007/EC on advanced therapy medicinal products ATMP lays down specific rules concerning the authorization, supervision and pharmacovigilance of gene therapy medicinal products, somatic cell therapy medicinal products and tissue engineered products. The EMA s Committee for Advanced Therapies CAT is responsible for assessing the quality, safety and efficacy of ATMP. The role of CAT is to prepare a draft opinion on an application for marketing authorization for an ATMP candidate. EMA then provides a final opinion regarding the application for marketing authorization. The European Commission grants or refuses marketing authorization after the EMA has delivered its opinion. 
 Innovative medicinal products are authorized in the EU on the basis of a full marketing authorization application (as opposed to an application for marketing authorization that relies, in whole or in part, on data in the marketing authorization dossier for another, previously approved medicinal product). Applications for marketing authorization for innovative 
 34 
 
 medicinal products must contain the results of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials conducted with the medicinal product for which marketing authorization is sought. 
 EU legislation provides for a system of regulatory data and market exclusivity. According to Article 14(11) of the EMA Regulation, and Article 10(1) of the Community Code, upon receiving marketing authorization, new chemical entities approved on the basis of complete independent data package benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the European Union from referencing the innovator s data to assess a generic (abbreviated) application. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing authorization can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic medicinal product can be marketed until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder, or MAH, obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. Even if a compound is considered to be a new chemical entity and the innovator is able to gain the period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the drug if such company obtained marketing authorization based on an application with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials. Depending upon the timing and duration of the EU marketing authorization process, products may be eligible for up to five years supplementary protection certificates, or SPC, pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 469/2009. Such SPC extend the rights under the basic patent for the drug. 
 Products authorized as orphan medicinal products in the EU are entitled to benefits additional to those granted in relation to innovative medicinal products. In accordance with Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 1999 on orphan medicinal products, a medicinal product may be designated as an orphan medicinal product if (1) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the incentives derived from orphan medicinal product status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify investment and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. Further guidance on such criteria is provided in European Commission Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000 of 27 April 2000 laying down the provisions for implementation of the criteria for designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product and definitions of the concepts similar medicinal product and clinical superiority . Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and following grant of a marketing authorization, EMA and the EU Member States competent authorities are not permitted to accept another application for a marketing authorization, or grant a marketing authorization or accept an application to extend an existing marketing authorization, for the same therapeutic indication of a similar medicinal product for ten years following grant or authorization. The application for orphan drug designation must be submitted before the application for marketing authorization. The applicant may receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan drug designation has been granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 The 10-year market exclusivity that an orphan drug enjoys may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar product during the 10-year period of market exclusivity for the same therapeutic indication at any time if: 

The second applicant can establish in its application that its product, although similar to the orphan medicinal product already authorized, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior 

The holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application or 

The holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. 

 Similar to obligations imposed in the United States, medicinal products authorized in the EU may be subject to post-authorization obligations, including the obligation to conduct Post Marketing Safety Studies PASS or Post Marketing Efficacy Studies PAES ). 
 35 
 
 Reimbursement for medicinal products is still an area that is not harmonized in the EU, but largely governed by EU Member States laws. At EU level, Council Directive 89/105/EEC (the Price Transparency Directive aims to ensure that pricing and reimbursement mechanisms established in EU Member States are transparent and objective, do not hinder the free movement and trade of medicinal products in the EU and do not hinder, prevent or distort competition on the market. The Price Transparency Directive does not, however, provide any guidance concerning the specific criteria based on which pricing and reimbursement decisions are to be made in individual EU Member States. Neither does it have any direct consequence for pricing or levels of reimbursement in individual EU Member States. The national authorities of the individual EU Member States are free to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices and/or reimbursement of medicinal products for human use. Individual EU Member States adopt policies according to which a specific price or level of reimbursement is approved for the medicinal product. Other EU Member States adopt a system of reference pricing, basing the price or reimbursement level in their territory either, on the pricing and reimbursement levels in other countries, or on the pricing and reimbursement levels of medicinal products intended for the same therapeutic indication. Furthermore, some EU Member States impose direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. 
 Health Technology Assessment HTA of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in EU Member States. HTA is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of the use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. HTA generally focuses on the clinical efficacy and effectiveness, safety, cost, and cost-effectiveness of individual medicinal products as well as their potential implications for the national healthcare system. Those elements of medicinal products are compared with other treatment options available on the market. 
 The outcome of HTA may influence the pricing and reimbursement status for specific medicinal products within individual EU member states. The extent to which pricing and imbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of a specific medicinal product vary between the EU Member States. 
 A new EU Regulation on HTA was adopted on December 13, 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/2282 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021 on health technology assessment and amending Directive 2011/24/EU HTA Regulation ). It will become applicable on January12, 2025. The HTA Regulation covers new medicines and certain new medical devices, providing the basis for permanent and sustainable cooperation at the EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. Member states will be able to use common HTA tools, methodologies and procedures across the EU, working together in four main areas: 1) joint clinical assessments focusing on the most innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients 2) joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities 3) identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early and 4) continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual member states will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technology, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. 
 In the United Kingdom and following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, EU medicines regulation has been adopted as standalone United Kingdom legislation with some amendments to reflect procedural and other requirements with respect to marketing authorizations and other regulatory provisions. 
 In order to market a medicinal product in the United Kingdom, a license or marketing authorization must be obtained from the United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (the MHRA ). The United Kingdom legislation includes multiple assessment routes for applications for medicinal products, including a 150-day national assessment or a rolling review application. Further, and for a transitional period until December 31, 2023, the MHRA may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new marketing authorization in the centralized procedure. In addition, the MHRA has the power to have regard to marketing authorizations approved in EU member states. 
 The MHRA reviews applications for orphan designation at the time of a marketing authorization application or as part of a subsequent variation to that authorization. To qualify for orphan designation, a medicine must meet certain criteria in the United Kingdom including that the medicine for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating, the prevalence of the condition must not be more than 5 in 10,000 or it must be unlikely that the marketing would generate sufficient returns to justify investment and no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment must exist in Great Britain or, if such a method exists the medicine must be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. On grant of a marketing authorization with orphan status, the medicinal product will benefit from up to 10 years of market exclusivity from similar products in the approved orphan indication starting from the date of first approval of the product in Great Britain. 
 36 
 
 The United Kingdom has adopted new legislation, the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021 and may make changes to the licensing or authorization of medicines in the future. The separate UK authorization system, albeit with transitional recognition procedures in the UK, may lead to additional regulatory costs. In addition, further regulatory costs will be incurred with respect to the lack of mutual recognition of batch testing and related regulatory measures between the European Union and the United Kingdom. 
 Reimbursement in the United Kingdom for use by public payors (National Health Service) organizations may depend on a positive technology assessment by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence NICE ). A positive recommendation by NICE would lead to an obligation to fund, subject to terms of that approval, by NHS organizations. In assessing any new medicinal product, NICE will take into account clinical as well as the economic value of the product. 
 Failure to obtain positive reimbursement recommendations or failure to obtain government and third-party payor reimbursement coverage in foreign countries may affect the marketability and commercial sales of any product candidates for which regulatory approval is received. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 117 employees, 39 of whom have an M.D. or Ph.D. We have not experienced any work stoppages. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 We seek to attract, hire and retain individuals of diverse backgrounds and of all ages, genders, ethnicities, religions, home countries and sexual orientation. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 55 of our employees are female, and approximately 47 of our management team (which we define as at the vice president level and above) are female. More than 40 of our employees self-identify as racially or ethnically diverse as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, integrating, motivating, developing, and retaining our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive and cash-based performance bonus plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. 
 Available Information 
 Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. was founded in June 2014 and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 45 Wiggins Ave, Bedford, Massachusetts 01730, and our telephone number is (781) 430-8200. Our website address is www.stoketherapeutics.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of each of our filings with the SEC can also be viewed and downloaded free of charge at our website, www. stoketherapeutics.com, after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 37 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making your decision to invest in shares of our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this annual report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. These events could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 An investment in our common stock involves various risks, and prospective investors are urged to carefully consider the matters discussed in the section titled Risk Factors prior to making an investment in our common stock. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We are early in our development efforts. If we or our collaborators are unable to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Success in early preclinical studies or clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later preclinical studies and clinical trials, including in our Dravet syndrome program or our ADOA program. 

Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate and the approval may be for a narrower indication than we seek. 

Certain of the diseases we seek to treat have low prevalence, and it may be difficult to identify patients with these diseases, which may lead to delays in enrollment for our trials or slower commercial revenue growth if STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates are approved. 

If clinical trials of STK-001, STK-002 or any other product candidate that we develop fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of FDA or foreign regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce favorable results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately may be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of such product candidate. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to use TANGO to expand our pipeline of product candidates and develop marketable products. 

Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive post-marketing regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates, when and if any of them are approved. 

Our failure to obtain regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent us from marketing our product candidates outside the United States. 

STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates may cause undesirable and unforeseen side effects or be perceived by the public as unsafe, which could delay or prevent their advancement into clinical trials or regulatory approval, limit the commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may, directly or indirectly, adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A Rare Pediatric Disease designation by the FDA does not guarantee that the NDA for the product will qualify for a priority review voucher upon approval, and it does not lead to a faster development or regulatory review process, or increase the likelihood that STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates will receive marketing approval. 

A Fast Track Designation by the FDA, even if granted for any of our future product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 

 38 

A Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA for STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it would not increase the likelihood that the product candidate will receive marketing approval. 

Enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 

The commercial success of our product candidates, including STK-001 and STK-002 will depend upon their degree of market acceptance by providers, patients, patient advocacy groups, third-party payors and the general medical community. 

The pricing, insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate product revenue. 

Current and potential future healthcare reforms may adversely impact pricing, insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved products. 

We have a history of operating losses, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we fail to obtain additional funding to conduct our planned research and development effort, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercial development efforts. 

We expect that we will need to raise additional funding before we can expect to become profitable from any potential future sales of STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates. This additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. 

Our limited operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 

The market price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Product Development and Regulatory Approval 
 We are early in our development efforts. If we are unable to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our Targeted Augmentation of Nuclear Gene Output TANGO technology and our current lead product candidate, STK-001, for the treatment of Dravet syndrome. We submitted an investigational new drug application IND for STK-001 to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA in late 2019. In August 2020, we dosed the first patient with STK-001 in the single ascending dose portion of the MONARCH Phase 1/2a Study at the 10mg dose level. 
 In addition, in November 2020, we announced the nomination of OPA1 as our next target for preclinical development to treat Autosomal Dominant Optic Atrophy ADOA ). In November 2021, we announced the nomination of STK-002 as the lead product candidate for the treatment of ADOA and intend to invest significant efforts and financial resources in its development. We submitted a Clinical Trial Authorisation CTA for STK-002 to the United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (the MHRA in early 2023. Our ability to generate product revenue, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of TANGO and our product candidates, which may never occur. We currently generate no revenue from sales of any product, and we may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable product. 
 Each of our programs and product candidates will require preclinical and clinical development, regulatory approval in multiple jurisdictions, obtaining preclinical, clinical and commercial manufacturing supply, capacity and expertise, building of a commercial organization, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from product sales. STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates must be authorized for marketing by the FDA or certain 
 39 
 
 other foreign regulatory agencies, such as the European Medicines Agency (the EMA or the MHRA , before we may commercialize any of our product candidates. 
 
 The success of STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates depends on multiple factors, including: 

effective INDs and CTAs that allow commencement of our planned clinical trials or future clinical trials for our product candidates in relevant territories 

our ability to obtain approval from institutional review boards IRBs or ethics committees to conduct clinical trials at their respective sites 

potential delays in enrollment, site visits, evaluations, or dosing of patients participating in clinical trials as hospitals prioritize the treatment of COVID-19 patients or patients decide not to enroll in the study as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic 

the direct and indirect impact of COVID-19 on our business and operations, third party vendors, supply chain, and regulatory approvals 

successful completion of preclinical studies, including those compliant with Good Laboratory Practices GLP toxicology studies, biodistribution studies and minimum effective dose studies in animals 

our ability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective third-party contract research organizations CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among CROs and trial sites 

successful enrollment and completion of clinical trials compliant with current Good Clinical Practices GCPs 

positive results from our clinical programs that demonstrate safety and efficacy and provide an acceptable risk-benefit profile for our product candidates in the intended patient populations 

receipt of regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities 

establishment of arrangements with third-party contract manufacturing organizations CMOs for key materials used in our manufacturing processes and to establish backup sources for clinical and large-scale commercial supply 

establishment and maintenance of patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates 

commercial launch of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others 

acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, patient advocacy groups, third-party payors and the general medical community 

our effective competition against other therapies available in the market 

establishment and maintenance of adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates 

our ability to acquire or in-license additional product candidates 

prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of intellectual property rights and claims and 

maintenance of a continued acceptable safety profile of our product candidates following approval. 

If we do not succeed in one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. 
 Success in early preclinical studies or clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later preclinical studies and clinical trials, including in our Dravet syndrome program or our ADOA program. 
 STK-001 is currently being evaluated in human clinical trials, and we may experience unexpected or negative results in the future. We will be required to demonstrate through adequate and well-controlled clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective, with a favorable benefit-risk profile, for use in their target indications before we can seek regulatory approvals for their commercial sale. The positive results we have observed for our product candidates in preclinical animal 
 40 
 
 models may not be predictive of our future clinical trials in humans, as mouse models carry inherent limitations relevant to all preclinical studies. In particular, the Dravet syndrome mouse model is more severe than the human disease and provides a shorter post-symptomatic observation period. Trial designs and results from early-phase trials are not necessarily predictive of future clinical trial designs or results, and initial positive results we may observe may not be confirmed in later-phase clinical trials. For example, although we recently reported a reduction in median convulsive seizure frequency compared to baseline, these results were based on pooling data from the Phase 1/2a trials of STK-001 in the United States (MONARCH) and in the United Kingdom (ADMIRAL) and later trial readouts or additional trials may not confirm these results. Our product candidates may also fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in later stages of clinical development even if they successfully advance through initial clinical trials , and preliminary interim data readouts of ongoing trials may show results that change when such trials are completed . We may not be able to demonstrate a disease-modifying effect of STK-001 in our clinical trials in Dravet syndrome patients, even if we are able to demonstrate efficacy on seizure reduction, and we may be similarly unable to demonstrate the efficacy of STK-002 in our ADOA program or other future programs. In addition, our clinical trials to date have necessarily involved relatively small numbers of participants. Therefore, conclusions we draw based upon trial results to date may not be repeatable across larger cohorts of participants or patients with different characteristics. Moreover, even if our clinical trials demonstrate acceptable safety and efficacy of STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates, the labeling we obtain through negotiations with the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities may not include data on secondary endpoints and may not provide us with a competitive advantage over other products approved for the same or similar indications. 
 Many companies in the biotechnology industry have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development and there is a high failure rate for product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. In addition, different methodologies, assumptions and applications we utilize to assess particular safety or efficacy parameters may yield different statistical results. Even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are promising, these data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. Preclinical and clinical data can be interpreted in different ways. Accordingly, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities could interpret these data in different ways from us or our partners, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. If our study data do not consistently or sufficiently demonstrate the safety or efficacy of any of our product candidates, including STK-001 for Dravet syndrome or STK-002 for ADOA, then the regulatory approvals for such product candidates could be significantly delayed as we work to meet approval requirements, or, if we are not able to meet these requirements, such approvals could be withheld or withdrawn. Regulatory delays or rejections may be encountered as a result of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development. We cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. While currently we are not experiencing any significant delays or disruptions to our clinical trial a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic, we take into consideration that the COVID-19 pandemic may directly or indirectly impact our clinical trial enrollment, dosing, and regulatory approval timelines. 
 If clinical trials of STK-001, STK-002 or any other product candidate that we develop fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of FDA or foreign regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce favorable results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately may be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of such product candidate. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any product candidate, including STK-001 and STK-002, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. 
 Clinical trials may be placed on a full or partial clinical hold by the FDA, foreign regulatory authorities, or us for various reasons, including but not limited to: deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trials, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or clinical protocols deficiencies in the clinical trial operations or trial sites deficiencies in the trial designs necessary to demonstrate efficacy fatalities or other adverse effects arising during a clinical trial due to medical problems that may or may not be related to clinical trial treatments the product candidates may not appear to be more effective than current therapies the quality or stability of the product candidates may fall below acceptable standards or the data from animal studies are not sufficient to support the anticipated exposure (dose, route of administration, and duration) for the proposed clinical trial. For example, in March 2020, we announced that the FDA had placed a partial clinical hold on doses of STK-001 above 20 mg in the MONARCH study based on observations of adverse hind limb paresis in non-human primates, pending additional preclinical testing. The partial clinical hold remains in place in the MONARCH study for dosing above 45 mg. If the partial clinical hold is not lifted, our ability to successfully conclude the MONARCH study or other studies related to STK-001, and our business, results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected. 
 41 
 
 In addition, we, the FDA, foreign regulatory authorities, or an IRB or similar foreign review board or committee, may delay initiation of, suspend or limit dose escalation of clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including if we or they believe the healthy volunteer subjects or patients participating in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks. Among other reasons, adverse side effects of a product candidate or a related product in preclinical trials or on healthy volunteer subjects or patients in a clinical trial could result in such a decision. For example, in November 2023, we announced our decision to limit chronic dosing in the open-label extension studies to 30mg in SWALLOWTAIL in the U.S. and 45mg in LONGWING in the U.K. Our decision was based on interactions with regulatory agencies and a review of interim chronic toxicology data from a study in NHPs in which the total drug administered to NHPs was higher than what we would anticipate giving to participants in clinical trials. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate and the approval may be for a narrower indication than we seek. 
 Prior to commercialization, STK-001, STK-002, and our other future product candidates must be approved by the FDA pursuant to a new drug application NDA in the United States and pursuant to similar marketing applications by the EMA and similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive and takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We have not received approval to market STK-001, STK-002 or any of our other future product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction. We have no experience in submitting and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals, and, in the event regulatory authorities indicate that we may submit such applications, we may be unable to do so as quickly and efficiently as desired. Securing marketing approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory authorities. Our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept or file any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. 
 Approval of STK-001, STK-002 and our other future product candidates may be delayed or refused for many reasons, including: 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials 

we may be unable to demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance or clinical meaningfulness required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval 

we may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical programs or clinical trials 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere 

the facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract or procure certain service or raw materials may not be adequate to support approval of our product candidates 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval and 

potential delays in enrollment, site visits, evaluations, or dosing of patients participating in the clinical trial as hospitals prioritize the treatment of COVID-19 patients or patients decide to not enroll in the study as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 42 
 
 Even if our product candidates meet their safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials, the regulatory authorities may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory authority policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. 
 Regulatory authorities also may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings or a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS ). These regulatory authorities may require precautions or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use or they may grant approval subject to the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. While currently we are not experiencing any significant delays or disruptions to our clinical trial a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic, we take into consideration that the COVID-19 pandemic may directly or indirectly impact our clinical trial enrollment, dosing, and regulatory approval timelines. 
 Certain of the diseases we seek to treat have low prevalence, and it may be difficult to identify patients with these diseases, which may lead to delays in enrollment for our trials or slower commercial revenue growth if STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates are approved. 
 Genetically defined diseases generally, and especially those for which our product candidates are targeted, have low incidence and prevalence. We estimate that the worldwide incidence of Dravet syndrome is approximately one in 16,000 births, and the incidence of ADOA is approximately one in 30,000 births. This could pose obstacles to the timely recruitment and enrollment of a sufficient number of eligible patients into our trials or limit a product candidate s commercial potential. Patient enrollment may be affected by other factors including: 

the ability to identify and enroll patients that meet study eligibility criteria in a timely manner for clinical trials 

the severity of the disease under investigation 

design of the study protocol 

the perceived risks, benefits and convenience of administration of the product candidate being studied 

the patient referral practices of providers and 

the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites to prospective patients. 

 Any inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients with these diseases for our planned clinical trials would result in significant delays and could cause us to not initiate or abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidate, which would cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. 
 Additionally, our projections of both the number of people who have Dravet syndrome or ADOA, as well as the people with this disease who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on estimates derived from a market research study that we commissioned, which may not accurately identify the size of the market for our product candidates. The total addressable market opportunity for STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates will ultimately depend upon, among other things, the final labeling for our product candidates, if our product candidates are approved for sale in our target indications, acceptance by the medical community and patient access, drug pricing and reimbursement. The number of patients globally may turn out to be lower than expected, patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our product candidates, or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, all of which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business. 
 43 
 
 Moreover, in light of the limited number of potential patients impacted by Dravet syndrome and ADOA, our per-patient therapy pricing of STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates, if approved, must be high in order to recover our development and manufacturing costs, fund additional research and achieve profitability. We may also need to fund patient support programs upon the marketing of a product candidate, which would negatively affect our product revenue. We may be unable to maintain or obtain sufficient therapy sales volumes at a price high enough to justify our development efforts and our sales, marketing and manufacturing expenses. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to use TANGO to expand our pipeline of product candidates and develop marketable products. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific indications. Our business depends on our successful development and commercialization of the limited number of internal product candidates we are researching or have in preclinical development. Even if we are successful in continuing to build our pipeline, development of the potential product candidates that we identify will require substantial investment in additional clinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval in multiple jurisdictions, obtaining manufacturing supply capability, building a commercial organization, and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from product sales. Furthermore, such product candidates may not be suitable for clinical development, including as a result of their harmful side effects, limited efficacy or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance. If we cannot validate TANGO by successfully developing and commercializing product candidates based upon our technological approach, we may not be able to obtain product revenue in future periods, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In November 2021, we announced the nomination of STK-002 as our lead product candidate for in the treatment of ADOA however, we are primarily focused on our lead product candidate for Dravet syndrome, STK-001, and we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. Our understanding and evaluation of biological targets for the discovery and development of new product candidates may fail to identify challenges encountered in subsequent preclinical and clinical development. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive post-marketing regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates, when and if any of them are approved. 
 Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and potential commercialization, including their testing, manufacturing, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other U.S. and international regulatory authorities. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing requirements, requirements relating to manufacturing, including current Good Manufacturing Practices GMPs ), quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, including periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities and requirements regarding the distribution of samples to providers and recordkeeping. 
 The FDA may also impose requirements for costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of any approved product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs and biologics to ensure they are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding use of their products. If we promote our product candidates in a manner inconsistent with FDA-approved labeling or otherwise not in compliance with FDA regulations, we may be subject to enforcement action. Moreover, while we believe our product candidates may provide improved safety profiles over existing products, unless we conduct head-to-head studies, we will not be able to make comparative claims for products, if approved. Violations of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions. 
 44 
 
 In addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with our product candidates, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may yield various results, including: 

restrictions on such product candidates, manufacturers or manufacturing processes 

restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product 

restrictions on product distribution or use 

requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials 

warning or untitled letters 

withdrawal of any approved product from the market 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit 

recall of product candidates 

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenues 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals 

refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates 

product seizure or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

 Non-compliance with European requirements regarding safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population, can also result in significant financial penalties. Similarly, failure to comply with Europe s requirements regarding the protection of personal information can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. 
 Our failure to obtain regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent us from marketing our product candidates outside the United States. 
 To market and sell STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates, we must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, we must secure product reimbursement approvals before regulatory authorities will approve the product for sale in that country. Failure to obtain foreign regulatory approvals or non-compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our product candidates in certain countries. The United Kingdom s exit from the European Union (the EU ), which is referred to as Brexit, became fully effective on December 31, 2020. Brexit continues to create political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the United Kingdom and the EU. Prior to Brexit, a significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom was derived from EU directives and regulations. Following Brexit, the United Kingdom retained the EU regulatory regime with certain modifications as standalone UK legislation. Therefore, the UK regulatory regime is currently similar to EU regulations, but the United Kingdom has enacted new legislation, the Medicines and Medical Devices Act. Under this legislation, the UK may adopt changed regulations that may diverge from the EU legislative regime for medicines, including their research, development and commercialization and has issued a consultation document with respect to future changes. Brexit may lead to additional regulatory costs and could materially impact the regulatory regime with respect to the approval of our product candidates in the United Kingdom or the EU. 
 If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed and our business will be adversely affected. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Our failure to obtain approval of any of our product candidates by regulatory authorities in another country may significantly diminish the commercial prospects of that product candidate and our business prospects could decline. 
 45 
 
 STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates may cause undesirable and unforeseen side effects or be perceived by the public as unsafe, which could delay or prevent their advancement into clinical trials or regulatory approval, limit the commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 Although other ASOs have received regulatory approval, our method of seeking to upregulate protein expression by targeting the underlying genetic causes of haploinsufficiencies presents a new approach to disease treatment, which means there is uncertainty associated with the safety profile of STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates and drugs in the antisense oligonucleotide class. 
 In addition to side effects caused by our product candidates, the intrathecal or intravitreal administration process or related procedures also can cause adverse side effects. If any such adverse events occur, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated. If we are unable to demonstrate that any adverse events were caused by the administration process or related procedures, the FDA, the European Commission, the EMA, the UK MHRA or other regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of, or deny approval of, our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Even if we can demonstrate that all future serious adverse events are not product-related, such occurrences could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial. Moreover, if we elect, or are required, to not initiate, delay, suspend or terminate any future clinical trial of any of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of such product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates may be delayed or eliminated. Any of these occurrences may harm our ability to develop other product candidates, and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects significantly. Finally, SPINRAZA, which is produced by Biogen Inc., is an ASO therapy utilizing intrathecal delivery, and if SPINRAZA is found to cause undesirable side effects or to be unsafe due to a potential class effect, it may adversely affect demand for STK-001 and our other future product candidates. Other ASOs in clinical development utilizing intrathecal delivery could also generate data that could adversely affect the clinical, regulatory or commercial perception of STK-001 and our other future product candidates. 
 Additionally, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, the FDA could require us to adopt a REMS to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh its risks, which may include, for example, a Medication Guide outlining the risks of the product for distribution to patients and a communication plan to health care practitioners, or other elements to assure safe use of the product. Furthermore, if we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by our product candidate, several potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may suspend or withdraw approvals of such product candidate 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings in the labeling 

we may be required to change the way a product candidate is administered or conduct additional clinical trials 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients and 

our reputation may suffer. 

 Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects significantly. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may, directly or indirectly, adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by the widespread outbreak of contagious disease, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and variants of COVID-19, which has spread to many of the countries in which we and our suppliers do business. National, state and local governments in affected regions have implemented and may continue to implement safety precautions, including quarantines, border closures, increased border controls, travel restrictions, shelter in place orders and shutdowns, business closures, cancellations of public gatherings and other measures. Organizations and individuals are taking additional steps to avoid or reduce infection, including limiting travel and staying home from work. These measures are disrupting normal business operations both in and outside of affected areas and have had significant negative impacts on businesses and financial markets worldwide. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices including, but not limited to, curtailing or modifying employee travel, moving to partial remote work, and minimizing some physical participation in meetings, events and conferences. Our office-based employees had been working from home from early March 2020 through early September 2021. Since then, our office-based staff have been working in a hybrid-model fluctuating between work from home and work from the office. Throughout the pandemic, we continue to ensure that ensuring essential staffing levels in our operations remain in place, including maintaining key personnel in our laboratories. 
 46 
 
 Notwithstanding these measures, the COVID-19 pandemic could affect the health and availability of our workforce as well as those of the third parties we rely on taking similar measures. If members of our management and other key personnel in critical functions across our organization are unable to perform their duties or have limited availability due to COVID-19, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy and/or our operations may be negatively impacted. We may also experience limitations in employee resources, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with individuals or large groups of people. In addition, we have experienced and will continue to experience disruptions to our business operations resulting from quarantines, self-isolations and other restrictions on the ability of our employees to perform their jobs. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted business operations. The extent and severity of the impact on our business and clinical trial will be determined largely by the extent of disruptions in the supply chains for STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates in other indications, and delays in the conduct of current and future clinical trials. Our ability to continue our observational study may be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by the COVID-19 pandemic. Currently we are monitoring patient participation in our observational study, including delays in conducting in-person follow-ups and disruptions in our ability to monitor patients due to hospitals closing sites or diverting the resources that are necessary to conduct our observational study to care for COVID-19 patients. For these reasons we expect that COVID-19 precautions may directly or indirectly impact the timeline for some of our clinical trial activities. In addition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operations of the FDA and other health authorities may delay potential approvals of STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates. 
 While it is not possible at this time to estimate the entirety of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business, operations, employees, customers, or our suppliers, continued spread of COVID-19, measures taken by governments, actions taken to protect employees and the broad impact of the pandemic on all business activities may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A Rare Pediatric Disease designation by the FDA does not guarantee that the NDA for the product will qualify for a priority review voucher upon approval, and it does not lead to a faster development or regulatory review process, or increase the likelihood that STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 Under the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program, upon the approval of a qualifying NDA for the treatment of a rare pediatric disease, the sponsor of such an application would be eligible for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher that can be used to obtain priority review for a subsequent Biologics License Application or NDA. As part of our business strategy for STK-001, we received Rare Pediatric Disease Designation in October 2022. We may also seek Rare Pediatric Disease designations for any other future product candidates. If a product candidate is designated before September 30, 2024, it is eligible to receive a voucher if it is approved before September 30, 2026. However, there is no expectation that STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates will be designated, other than STK-001, or approved by those dates, or at all, or that the program will be further extended, and, therefore, we may not be in a position to obtain any priority review vouchers. Additionally, designation of a drug for a rare pediatric disease does not guarantee that an NDA will meet the eligibility criteria for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher at the time the application is approved. Finally, a Rare Pediatric Disease Designation does not lead to faster development or regulatory review of the product or increase the likelihood that it will receive marketing approval. 
 A Fast Track Designation by the FDA, even if granted for any of our future product candidates, or any use of the accelerated approval pathway, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and would not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply to the FDA for Fast Track Designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether to grant this designation. Even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track Designation for any of our product candidates, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Many drugs that have received Fast Track Designation have failed to obtain approval. 
 
 47 

We may also seek accelerated approval for our product candidates. Under the FDA s accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Full approval of another product for the same indication as any of our product candidates for which we are seeking accelerated approval may make accelerated approval of our product candidates more difficult. For drugs granted accelerated approval, post-marketing confirmatory trials are required to describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence and in general the FDA may require that the trial be designed and/or initiated prior to approval. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act FDORA was recently enacted, which included provisions related to the accelerated approval pathway. Pursuant to FDORA, the FDA is authorized to require a post-approval study to be underway prior to approval or within a specified time period following approval. FDORA also requires the FDA to specify conditions of any required post-approval study, which may include milestones and requires sponsors to submit progress reports for required post-approval studies and any conditions required by the FDA. FDORA enables the FDA to initiate enforcement action for the failure to conduct with due diligence a required post-approval study, including a failure to meet any required conditions specified by the FDA or to submit timely reports. All promotional materials for product candidates approved via accelerated approval are subject to prior review by the FDA. Moreover, the FDA may withdraw approval of any product candidate or indication approved under the accelerated approval pathway if, for example: 

the trial or trials required to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product candidate fail to verify such benefit or do not demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit to justify the risks associated with the drug 

other evidence demonstrates that the product candidate is not shown to be safe or effective under the conditions of use 

we fail to conduct any required post-approval trial of the product candidate with due diligence or 

we disseminate false or misleading promotional materials relating to the product candidate. 

 A Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA for STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it would not increase the likelihood that the product candidate will receive marketing approval. 
 We may seek a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for STK-001, STK-002 or one or more of our future product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA are also eligible for priority review if supported by clinical data at the time of the submission of the NDA. 
 Designation as a breakthrough therapy is at the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe that one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for a drug may not result in a faster development process, review, or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and it would not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the product candidate no longer meets the conditions for qualification or it may decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 Enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 
 Existing regulatory policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we 
 48 
 
 are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. The pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. These initiatives recently culminated in the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act IRA in August 2022, which, among other things, will allow U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D (excluding drugs and biologics that are designated and approved for only one rare disease or condition), although only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for biologics) can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped at a statutory ceiling price representing a significant discount from average prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. Beginning in October 2022 for Medicare Part D and January 2023 for Medicare Part B, the law also penalizes drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part D and Part B drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. In addition, the law eliminates the donut hole under Medicare Part D beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost through a newly established manufacturer discount program. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. These provisions are taking effect progressively, although they may be subject to legal challenges. The IRA will likely have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. 
 Previously, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA was enacted, which was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form at this time. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021, and closed on August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is uncertain how any such challenges and the healthcare measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in 2013, and will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for our drugs, if approved, and accordingly, our financial operations. Additionally, on May 30, 2018, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA authorization under an FDA expanded access program however, manufacturers are not obligated to provide investigational new drug products under the current federal right to try law. We may choose to seek an expanded access program for our product candidates, or to utilize comparable rules in other countries that allow the use of a drug, on a named patient basis or under a compassionate use program. 
 We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates. 
 49 
 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 We may be unsuccessful in obtaining Orphan Drug Designation or transfer of designations obtained by others for future product candidates. And, even if we obtain such designation, we may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with Orphan Drug Designation, including the potential for market exclusivity, for STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates. 
 As part of our business strategy for STK-001, we received Orphan Drug Designation for for the treatment of Dravet syndrome in the United States in 2019 and also in the EU in 2022. As part of our business strategy for STK-002, we received Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of autosomal dominant optic atrophy (ADOA) in the United States in the third quarter of 2022. We may seek such designations for our product candidates in other countries as well. However, Orphan Drug Designation does not guarantee future orphan drug marketing exclusivity, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining such designation for our future product candidates. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs intended to treat relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. In the United States, Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for tax credits for qualified clinical research costs and exemption from prescription drug user fees. Similarly, in the EU, the European Commission grants Orphan Drug Designation after receiving the opinion of the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products on an Orphan Drug Designation application. In the EU, Orphan Drug Designation is intended to promote the development of drug that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU and for which no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment has been authorized (or the product would be a significant benefit to those affected). In the EU, Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers. 
 Generally, if a drug with an Orphan Drug Designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the drug is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes EMA or the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug and indication for that time period, except in limited circumstances. If a competitor is able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity prior to us for a product that constitutes the same active moiety and treats the same indications as our product candidates, we may not be able to obtain approval of our drug by the applicable regulatory authority for a significant period of time unless we are able to show that our drug is clinically superior to the approved drug. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and ten years in the EU. The EU exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for Orphan Drug Designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. 
 Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can also subsequently approve a later application for the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer in a substantial portion of the target populations, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. Moreover, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan Drug Designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 
 The orphan drug exclusivity contained in the Orphan Drug Act has been the subject of recent scrutiny from the press, from some members of Congress and from some in the medical community. Furthermore, the FDA s interpretations of the Orphan Drug Act have not been successfully challenged in court and future court decisions could continue that trend. There can be no assurances that the exclusivity granted to orphan drugs approved by the FDA will not be modified in the future, or as to how any such changes might affect our products, if approved. 
 50 
 
 The FDA s and the MHRA s ability to review and approve new products may be hindered by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 
 The ability of the FDA and the MHRA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 The ability of the FDA, the MHRA and other government agencies to properly administer their functions is highly dependent on the levels of government funding and the ability to fill key leadership appointments, among various factors. Delays in filling or replacing key positions could significantly impact the ability of the FDA, the MHRA and other agencies to fulfill their functions and could greatly impact healthcare and the pharmaceutical industry. 
 In December 2016, the 21 st Century Cures Act was signed into law, and was designed to advance medical innovation and empower the FDA with the authority to directly hire positions related to drug and device development and review. In the past, the FDA was often unable to offer key leadership candidates (including scientists) competitive compensation packages as compared to those offered by private industry. The 21 st Century Cures Act is designed to streamline the agency s hiring process and enable the FDA to compete for leadership talent by expanding the narrow ranges that are provided in the existing compensation structures. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the MHRA and other governmental agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our operating results and business. 
 Our operations and relationships with future customers, providers and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to penalties including criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with providers, third-party payors and customers will subject us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 Restrictions under applicable U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid 

federal false claims laws, including the federal False Claims Act, imposes criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on certain types of people and entities with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information 

the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually payments and other transfers of value to physicians, physician assistants, certain types of advance practice nurses and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, such providers, and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family, which includes annual data collection and reporting obligations and 

 51 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

 Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or pricing. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion of product candidates from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government-funded healthcare programs. 
 Risks Related to Commercialization and Manufacturing 
 The commercial success of our product candidates, including STK-001 and STK-002, will depend upon their degree of market acceptance by providers, patients, patient advocacy groups, third-party payors and the general medical community. 
 Ethical, social and legal concerns about genetic treatments generally could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting our product candidates. Even with the requisite approvals from the FDA, the MHRA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities internationally, the commercial success of our product candidates will depend, in part, on the acceptance of providers, patients and third-party payors of drugs designed to increase protein expression in general, and our product candidates in particular, as medically necessary, cost-effective and safe. In addition, we may face challenges in seeking to establish and grow sales of STK-001, STK-002 and any future product candidates, including acceptance of intravitreal injection, the lumbar puncture and intrathecal administration, which carries risks of infection or other complications. Any product that we commercialize may not gain acceptance by providers, patients, patient advocacy groups, third-party payors and the general medical community. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of genetic medicines and, in particular, STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on several factors, including: 

the efficacy, durability and safety of such product candidates as demonstrated in clinical trials 

the potential and perceived advantages of product candidates over alternative treatments 

the cost of treatment relative to alternative treatments 

the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by the FDA, the MHRA or the European Commission 

the willingness of providers to prescribe new therapies 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA, MHRA, EMA or other regulatory authorities, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling 

the willingness of providers to prescribe, and of patients to receive, intrathecal injections 

the strength of marketing and distribution support 

the timing of market introduction of competitive products 

the quality of our relationships with patient advocacy groups 

 52 

publicity concerning our product candidates or competing products and treatments and 

sufficient third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement. 

 Even if a potential product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in preclinical studies and clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be fully known until after it is launched. 
 The pricing, insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate product revenue. 
 Our target indications, including Dravet syndrome and ADOA, are indications with small patient populations. For product candidates that are designed to treat smaller patient populations to be commercially viable, the reimbursement for such product candidates must be higher, on a relative basis, to account for the lack of volume. Accordingly, we will need to implement a coverage and reimbursement strategy for any approved product candidate that accounts for the smaller potential market size. If we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for any future product candidates from third-party payors, the adoption of those product candidates and sales revenue will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell those product candidates, if approved. 
 We expect that coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors will be essential for most patients to be able to afford these treatments. Accordingly, sales of STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and internationally, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or will be reimbursed by government authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement by government authorities for new products are typically made by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services CMS since CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. However, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. Further, a payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Reimbursement agencies in Europe may be more conservative than CMS. For example, a number of cancer drugs have been approved for reimbursement in the United States and have not been approved for reimbursement in certain European countries 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of therapeutics such as our product candidates. In many countries, particularly the countries of the EU, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. In general, the prices of products under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for products, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our product candidates may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenues and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors, in the United States and internationally, to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of certain third-party payors, such as health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products into the healthcare market. Recently there have been instances in which third-party payors have refused to reimburse treatments for patients for whom the treatment is indicated in the FDA-approved product label. Even if we are 
 53 
 
 successful in obtaining FDA approvals to commercialize our product candidates, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to secure reimbursement for all patients for whom treatment with our product candidates is indicated. 
 In addition to CMS and private payors, professional organizations such as the American Medical Association, or the AMA, can influence decisions about reimbursement for new products by determining standards for care. In addition, many private payors contract with commercial vendors who sell software that provide guidelines that attempt to limit utilization of, and therefore reimbursement for, certain products deemed to provide limited benefit to existing alternatives. Such organizations may set guidelines that limit reimbursement or utilization of our product candidates. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more product candidates for which we or our collaborators receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 If third parties on which we depend to conduct our planned preclinical studies, any future clinical trials, or manufacturing of our product candidates do not perform as contractually required, fail to satisfy regulatory or legal requirements or miss expected deadlines, our development program could be delayed with adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We rely on third parties for genetic testing, and on third party CROs, CMOs, consultants and others to design, conduct, supervise and monitor key activities relating to, discovery, manufacturing, preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, and we intend to do the same for future activities relating to existing and future programs. Because we rely on third parties and do not have the ability to conduct all required testing, discovery, manufacturing, preclinical studies or clinical trials independently, we have less control over the timing, quality and other aspects of discovery, manufacturing, preclinical studies and clinical trials than we would if we conducted them on our own. These investigators, CROs, CMOs and consultants are not our employees and we have limited control over the amount of time and resources that they dedicate to our programs. These third parties may have contractual relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, which may draw time and resources from our programs. The third parties we contract with might not be diligent, careful or timely in conducting our discovery, manufacturing, preclinical studies or clinical trials, resulting in testing, discovery, manufacturing, preclinical studies or clinical trials being delayed or unsuccessful, in whole or in part. In addition, these third parties may be subject to supply chain or inflationary pressures that limit their ability to achieve anticipated timelines or result a greater cost to us. For example, we are aware of a shortage of NHPs available for preclinical studies and although that is not expected to impact our current business, if we begin new product development programs we could be subject to longer development times or difficulty completing necessary research. 
 If we cannot contract with acceptable third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or if these third parties do not carry out their contractual duties, satisfy legal and regulatory requirements for the conduct of preclinical studies or clinical trials or meet expected deadlines, our clinical development programs could be delayed and otherwise adversely affected. In all events, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial as well as regulatory requirements. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. Any such event could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and it is possible that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may harm our business, financial condition and our ability to successfully market or commercialize STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including the genetic medicine and antisense oligonucleotide fields, are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We are aware of several companies focused on developing RNA-based treatments in various indications as well as several companies addressing other methods for modifying genes and regulating protein expression. We may also face competition from large and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, government agencies and public and private research institutions. 
 Numerous treatments for epilepsy exist, including 5-HT agonists, such as UCB s Fintepla, cannabidiols, such as Jazz Pharmaceuticals Epidiolex, GABA receptor agonists, such as clobazam and stiripentol, and glutamate blockers, such as topiramate. In addition, numerous compounds are in clinical development for treatment of epilepsy. We believe the clinical development pipeline includes cannabinoids, 5-HT release stimulants, cholesterol 24-hydroxylase inhibitors, and sodium channel agonists from a variety of companies. In addition to competition from these small molecule drugs, any products we may develop may also face competition from other types of therapies, such as gene therapy, gene editing, modified mRNA therapies or other ASO approaches. 
 54 
 
 Many of our potential competitors, alone or with their strategic partners, have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we do, such as larger research and development, clinical, marketing and manufacturing organizations. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of competitors. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any product candidates that we may develop. Competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market, if ever. Additionally, new or advanced technologies developed by our competitors may render our current or future product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates against competitors. 
 To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize product candidates with significant market potential, which will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities. These activities include, among other things, completing preclinical studies and initiating and completing clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products that are approved and satisfying any post marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 The manufacture of drugs is complex and our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. If any of our third-party manufacturers encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates for clinical trials, our ability to obtain marketing approval, or our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped. 
 We have established manufacturing relationships with a limited number of suppliers to manufacture raw materials and the drug substance of any product candidate for which we are responsible for preclinical or clinical development. Each supplier may require licenses to manufacture such components if such processes are not owned by the supplier or in the public domain. As part of any marketing approval, a manufacturer and its processes are required to be qualified by the FDA prior to commercialization. If supply from the approved vendor is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply. An alternative vendor would need to be qualified through an NDA supplement which could result in further delay. The FDA or other regulatory agencies outside of the United States may also require additional studies if a new supplier is relied upon for the manufacture of clinical trial materials or commercial production. Switching vendors may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial timelines. 
 The process of manufacturing drugs is complex, highly-regulated and subject to multiple risks. Manufacturing drugs is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered at the facilities of our manufacturers, such facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination, which could delay clinical trials and adversely harm our business. Moreover, if the FDA determines that our manufacturers are not in compliance with FDA laws and regulations, including those governing cGMPs, the FDA may deny NDA approval until the deficiencies are corrected or we replace the manufacturer in our NDA with a manufacturer that is in compliance. 
 In addition, there are risks associated with large scale manufacturing for clinical trials or commercial scale including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-up, process reproducibility, stability issues, compliance with good manufacturing practices, lot consistency and timely availability of raw materials. Even if we or our collaborators obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance that manufacturers will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product or to meet potential future demand. If our manufacturers are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical trials or for commercialization, research and commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 55 
 
 Our reliance on a limited number of manufacturers, the complexity of drug manufacturing and the difficulty of scaling up a manufacturing process could cause the delay of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, required approvals or commercialization of our product candidates, cause us to incur higher costs and prevent us from commercializing our product candidates successfully. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of materials on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production in a timely manner at a substantially equivalent cost, our clinical trials may be delayed or we could lose potential revenue. 
 If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates, we may be unable to generate any revenues. 
 We currently do not have an organization for the sales, marketing and distribution of STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates and the cost of establishing and maintaining such an organization may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. To market any products that may be approved, we must build our sales, marketing, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. With respect to certain of our current programs as well as future programs, we may rely completely on an alliance partner for sales and marketing. In addition, although we intend to establish a sales organization if we are able to obtain approval to market any product candidates, we may enter into strategic alliances with third parties to develop and commercialize STK-001, STK-002 and other future product candidates, including in markets outside of the United States or for other large markets that are beyond our resources. This will reduce the revenue generated from the sales of these products. 
 Any future strategic alliance partners may not dedicate sufficient resources to the commercialization of our product candidates or may otherwise fail in their commercialization due to factors beyond our control. If we are unable to establish effective alliances to enable the sale of our product candidates to healthcare professionals and in geographical regions, including the United States, that will not be covered by our own marketing and sales force, or if our potential future strategic alliance partners do not successfully commercialize the product candidates, our ability to generate revenues from product sales will be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue and may not become profitable. We will be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to timely capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 We have entered into a collaboration with Acadia Pharmaceuticals and may, in the future, seek to enter into collaborations with other third parties for the discovery, development and commercialization of our product candidates. If our collaborators cease development efforts under our collaboration agreements, or if any of those agreements are terminated, these collaborations may fail to lead to commercial products and we may never receive milestone payments or future royalties under these agreements. 
 We have entered into a collaboration with Acadia Pharmaceuticals to discover or develop certain novel RNA-based medicines for the potential treatment of severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the central nervous system (CNS). The collaboration includes SYNGAP1 syndrome, Rett syndrome (MECP2), and an undisclosed neurodevelopmental target of mutual interest, and such collaboration could represent a significant portion of our product pipeline. We may derive a significant portion of our future revenue from these agreements or other similar agreements into which we may enter in the future. Revenue from research and development collaborations depends upon continuation of the collaborations, payments 
 56 
 
 for research and development services and resulting options to acquire any licenses of successful product candidates, and the achievement of milestones, contingent payments and royalties, if any, derived from future products developed from our research . 
 Collaborations involving our product candidates currently pose, and will continue to pose, the following risks to us: 

collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on preclinical studies or clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours 

collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources and 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 

 As a result of the foregoing, our current and any future collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of our product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could be delayed, diminished or terminated. Any failure to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates pursuant to our current or any future collaboration agreements could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Moreover, to the extent that any of our existing or future collaborators were to terminate a collaboration agreement, we may be forced to independently develop these product candidates, including funding preclinical studies or clinical trials, assuming marketing and distribution costs and defending intellectual property rights, or, in certain instances, abandon product candidates altogether, any of which could result in a change to our business plan and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in finding strategic collaborators for continuing development of certain of our future product candidates or successfully commercializing or competing in the market for certain indications. 
 In the future, we may decide to collaborate with non-profit organizations, universities, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and potential commercialization of existing and new product candidates. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing drugs, the existence of uncertainty with respect to 
 57 
 
 our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. The terms of any additional collaborations or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 The success of any potential collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations. Disagreements between parties to a collaboration arrangement regarding clinical development and commercialization matters can lead to delays in the development process or commercializing the applicable product candidate and, in some cases, termination of such collaboration arrangements. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither of the parties has final decision-making authority. Collaborations with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies and other third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect us financially and could harm our business reputation. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position 
 We have a history of operating losses, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we fail to obtain additional funding to conduct our planned research and development effort, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercial development efforts. 
 We are an early-stage biotechnology company with a limited operating history on which to base your investment decision. Biotechnology product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. Our operations to date have been limited primarily to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing product and technology rights, manufacturing, and conducting research and development activities for our product candidates. We have never generated any revenue from product sales. We have not obtained regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates, and have funded our operations to date through proceeds from sales of our preferred stock and common stock. 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. We incurred net losses of 101.1 million and 85.8 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accumulated deficits of 297.2 million and 196.1 million, respectively. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years and for the foreseeable future as we intend to continue to conduct research and development, clinical testing, regulatory compliance activities, manufacturing activities, and, if any of our product candidates is approved, sales and marketing activities that, together with anticipated general and administrative expenses, will likely result in us incurring significant losses for the foreseeable future. Our prior losses, combined with expected future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 We expect that we will need to raise additional funding before we can expect to become profitable from any potential future sales of STK-001, STK-002 or our future product candidates. This additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. 
 We will require substantial future capital in order to complete planned and future preclinical and clinical development for STK-001, STK-002 and other future product candidates, if any, and potentially commercialize these product candidates. Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash of 230.2 million as of December 31, 2022, together with the proceeds since December 31, 2022 from the Sales Agreement 
 58 
 
 of 44.7 million, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements to the end of 2025 . We expect our spending levels to increase in connection with our preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant expenses related to commercial launch, product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate certain of our licensing activities, our research and development programs or other operations. 
 Additional capital might not be available when we need it and our actual cash requirements might be greater than anticipated. If we require additional capital at a time when investment in our industry or in the marketplace in general is limited, we might not be able to raise funding on favorable terms if at all. If we are not able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us, we may need to cease or reduce development or commercialization activities, sell some or all of our assets or merge with another entity, which could result in a loss of all or part of your investment. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the costs associated with the scope, progress and results of discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our product candidates 

the costs associated with the development of our internal manufacturing facility and processes 

the costs related to the extent to which we enter into partnerships or other arrangements with third parties to further develop our product candidates 

the costs and fees associated with the discovery, acquisition or in-license of product candidates or technologies 

our ability to establish collaborations on favorable terms, if at all 

the costs of future commercialization activities, if any, including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval 

revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval and 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims. 

 Our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of product candidates that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Our limited operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 We are a clinical stage biotechnology company formed in June 2014. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring our technology, identifying potential product candidates, undertaking research, preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, manufacturing, and establishing licensing arrangements. We have not yet demonstrated the ability to complete clinical trials of our product candidates, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial scale product or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 
 In addition, as a new business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from a company with a licensing and research focus to a company that is also capable of supporting clinical development and commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. 
 
 59 

Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitations. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future and we may never achieve profitability. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of approximately 210.9 million and 212.8 million, respectively, and as of December 31, 2021, we had federal and state NOLs of approximately 191.1 million and 191.4 million, respectively. Our NOLs expire at various dates beginning in 2034, for those net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2018. Net operating losses generated in 2018 and beyond have no expiration. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited. We may have experienced one or more ownership changes in prior years, and we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 U.S. federal income tax reform and changes in other tax laws could adversely affect us. 
 In December 2017, U.S. federal tax legislation, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA, was signed into law, significantly reforming the Code. The TCJA, among other things, includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the deductibility of business interest, allows for the expensing of capital expenditures, puts into effect the migration from a worldwide system of taxation to a partial territorial system, and modifies or repeals many business deductions and credits. 
 We continue to examine the impact the TCJA may have on our business. The TCJA is a far-reaching and complex revision to the U.S. federal income tax laws with disparate and, in some cases, countervailing impacts on different categories of taxpayers and industries, and will require subsequent rulemaking and interpretation in a number of areas. The long-term impact of the TCJA on the overall economy, the industries in which we operate and our and our partners businesses cannot be reliably predicted at this early stage of the new law s implementation. There can be no assurance that the TCJA will not negatively impact our operating results, financial condition, and future business operations. The estimated impact of the TCJA is based on our management s current knowledge and assumptions, following consultation with our tax advisors. Because of our valuation allowance in the U.S., ongoing tax effects of the Act are not expected to materially change our effective tax rate in future periods. 
 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our commercial success will depend in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property protection of our proprietary technologies and product candidates, which include TANGO, STK-001, STK-002 and the additional gene targets identified by TANGO, their respective components, formulations, combination therapies, methods used to manufacture them and methods of treatment, as well as successfully defending our patents and other intellectual property rights against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop unauthorized third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, importing or otherwise commercializing our product candidates is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. If we are unable to secure and maintain patent protection for any product or technology we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection secured is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop may be adversely affected. The patenting process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition, we may not pursue or obtain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors or licensees to do so. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in issued patents. Even if patent applications we license or own currently or in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents that we hold or in-license may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our platform advances and product candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. 
 60 
 
 In addition, our existing patents and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from using our technology or from developing competing products and technologies. 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, and our licensors may not always act in our best interest. If we fail to comply with our obligations under our intellectual property licenses, if the licenses are terminated, or if disputes regarding these licenses arise, we could lose significant rights that are important to our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology licensed from others. Our licenses to such patents, know-how and proprietary technology may not provide exclusive rights in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our products in the future. The agreements under which we license patents, know-how and proprietary technology from others are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. 
 For example, we are a party to a license agreement with the University of Southampton, pursuant to which we in-license key patent and patent applications for our TANGO platform, STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates. For example, we are also a party to a license agreement with Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, pursuant to which we in-license patents and patent applications for our TANGO platform. For more information regarding these agreements, please see Business License and research agreements. These agreements impose various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, our licensors may have the right to terminate our license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market our TANGO platform, STK-001, STK-002 or any other technology or product candidates covered by the intellectual property licensed under these agreements. In addition, we may need to obtain additional licenses from our existing licensors and others to advance our research or allow commercialization of product candidates we may develop. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain any additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In either event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, product candidates, or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected technology or product candidates. 
 If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect our licensed intellectual property, our ability to commercialize product candidates could suffer. We do not have complete control over the maintenance, prosecution and litigation of our in-licensed patents and patent applications and may have limited control over future intellectual property that may be in-licensed. For example, we cannot be certain that activities such as the maintenance and prosecution by our licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. It is possible that our licensors infringement proceedings or defense activities may be less vigorous than had we conducted them ourselves, or may not be conducted in accordance with our best interests. 
 Furthermore, inventions contained within some of our in-licensed patents and patent applications were made using U.S. government funding or other non-governmental funding. We rely on our licensors to ensure compliance with applicable obligations arising from such funding, such as timely reporting, an obligation associated with in-licensed patents and patent applications. The failure of our licensors to meet their obligations may lead to a loss of rights or the unenforceability of relevant patents. For example, the government could have certain rights in such in-licensed patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention or to have others use the invention on its behalf for non-commercial purposes. If the U.S. government then decides to exercise these rights, it is not required to engage us as its contractor in connection with doing so. These rights may also permit the government to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use the technology covered by such in-licensed patents. The government may also exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we or our licensors failed to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such in-licensed government-funded inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects significantly. 
 In addition, the resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant patents, know-how and proprietary technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Disputes that may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement could include disputes regarding: 

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement 

 61 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us. 

 If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected technology or product candidates. As a result, any termination of or disputes over our intellectual property licenses could result in the loss of our ability to develop and commercialize our TANGO platform, STK-001, or STK-002, or we could lose other significant rights, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 For example, our agreements with certain of our third-party research partners provide that improvements developed in the course of our relationship may be owned solely by either us or our third-party research partner, or jointly between us and the third party. If we determine that rights to such improvements owned solely by a research partner or other third party with whom we collaborate are necessary to commercialize our drug candidates or maintain our competitive advantage, we may need to obtain a license from such third party in order to use the improvements and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing our drug candidates. We may not be able to obtain such a license on an exclusive basis, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates or allow our competitors or others the chance to access technology that is important to our business. We also may need the cooperation of any co-owners of our intellectual property in order to enforce such intellectual property against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 Our owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications may not provide sufficient protection of our TANGO platform, our STK-001 and STK-002 product candidates, and our future product candidates or result in any competitive advantage. 
 We own an issued U.S. patent covering STK-001 and related compositions, an issued U.S. patent covering the mechanism of action of STK-001 and use of STK-001 for treating diseases. We have also in-licensed two issued U.S. patents and at least three issued foreign patents that cover the mechanism of action of STK-001, use of the mechanism for treating diseases, and related compositions. We have obtained at least eight issued foreign patents covering STK-001, related compositions and its uses and are currently pursuing patent protection for STK-001, related compositions, and its uses in several economically significant countries. With respect to STK-002, we have applied for and are currently pursuing patent protection for the mechanism of action and methods of treatment in several economically significant countries. We have also filed a U.S. patent application and foreign patent applications that specifically disclose compositions related to STK-002 and uses of those compositions. Furthermore, our in-licensed issued U.S. patents (mentioned above) cover the mechanism of action of STK-002. We cannot be certain that any of these patent applications will issue as patents, and if they do, that such patents will cover or adequately protect STK-001, STK-002 and other programs or that such patents will not be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, invalidated or held unenforceable. 
 In addition to claims directed toward the technology underlying our TANGO platform, our owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications contain claims directed to compositions of matter on the active pharmaceutical ingredients APIs in our product candidates, as well as methods-of-use directed to the use of an API for a specified treatment. Composition-of-matter patents on the active pharmaceutical ingredient in prescription drug products provide protection without regard to any particular method of use of the API used. Method-of-use patents do not prevent a competitor or other third party from developing or marketing an identical product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, with respect to method-of-use patents, even if competitors or other third parties do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications or uses for which we may obtain patents, providers may recommend that patients use these products off-label, or patients may do so themselves. Although off-label use may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method-of-use patents, the practice is common and this type of infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 
 The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries. For example, while our patent applications are pending, we may be subject to a third party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO or become involved in interference or derivation proceedings, or equivalent 
 62 
 
 proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Even if patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge their inventorship, validity, enforceability or scope, including through opposition, revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review proceedings. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. Moreover, some of our owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications may be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patent applications we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. 
 Since patent applications in the United States and other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, at any moment in time, we cannot be certain that we were in the past or will be in the future the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates. In addition, some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued. As a result, there may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim, and we may be subject to priority disputes. We may be required to disclaim part or all of the term of certain patents or all of the term of certain patent applications. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. No assurance can be given that, if challenged, our patents would be declared by a court, patent office or other governmental authority to be valid or enforceable or that even if found valid and enforceable, a competitor s technology or product would be found by a court to infringe our patents. We may analyze patents or patent applications of our competitors that we believe are relevant to our activities, and consider that we are free to operate in relation to our product candidates, but our competitors may achieve issued claims, including in patents we consider to be unrelated, that block our efforts or potentially result in our product candidates or our activities infringing such claims. It is possible that our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our products or technology similar to ours. Those patent applications may have priority over our owned and in-licensed patent applications or patents, which could require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. The possibility also exists that others will develop products that have the same effect as our product candidates on an independent basis that do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property rights, or will design around the claims of patents that we have had issued that cover our product candidates. 
 Likewise, our currently owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications, if issued as patents, directed to our proprietary technologies and our product candidates are expected to expire from 2035 through 2042, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions. Our earliest in-licensed patents may expire before, or soon after, our first product achieves marketing approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. Additionally, we cannot be assured that the USPTO or relevant foreign patent offices will grant any of the pending patent applications we own or in-license currently or in the future. Upon the expiration of our current patents, we may lose the right to exclude others from practicing these inventions. The expiration of these patents could also have a similar material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able to make or use compounds that are similar to the active compositions of our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents 

the active pharmaceutical ingredients in our current product candidates will eventually become commercially available in generic drug products, and no patent protection may be available with regard to formulation or method of use 

we or our licensors, as the case may be, may fail to meet our obligations to the U.S. government regarding any in-licensed patents and patent applications funded by U.S. government grants, leading to the loss or unenforceability of patent rights 

 63 

we or our licensors, as the case may be, might not have been the first to file patent applications for certain inventions 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not result in issued patents 

it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our owned or in-licensed patents, as the case may be, or parts of our owned or in-licensed patents 

it is possible that others may circumvent our owned or in-licensed patents 

it is possible that there are unpublished applications or patent applications maintained in secrecy that may later issue with claims covering our product candidates or technology similar to ours 

the laws of foreign countries may not protect our or our licensors , as the case may be, proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States 

the claims of our owned or in-licensed issued patents or patent applications, if and when issued, may not cover our product candidates 

our owned or in-licensed issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, may be narrowed in scope, or be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties 

the inventors of our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications may become involved with competitors, develop products or processes that design around our patents, or become hostile to us or the patents or patent applications on which they are named as inventors 

it is possible that our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications omit individual(s) that should be listed as inventor(s) or include individual(s) that should not be listed as inventor(s), which may cause these patents or patents issuing from these patent applications to be held invalid or unenforceable 

we have engaged in scientific collaborations in the past and will continue to do so in the future and our collaborators may develop adjacent or competing products that are outside the scope of our patents 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies for which we can obtain patent protection 

it is possible that product candidates or diagnostic tests we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights or 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

 Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our strategy of obtaining rights to key technologies through in-licenses may not be successful. 
 We seek to expand our product candidate pipeline in part by in-licensing the rights to key technologies, including those related to specific gene targets which may be upregulated by TANGO. The future growth of our business will depend in part on our ability to in-license or otherwise acquire the rights to additional product candidates and technologies. Although we have succeeded in licensing technologies from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and the University of Southampton in the past, we cannot assure you that we will be able to in-license or acquire the rights to any product candidates or technologies from third parties on acceptable terms or at all. 
 For example, our agreements with certain of our third-party research partners provide that improvements developed in the course of our relationship may be owned solely by either us or our third-party research partner, or jointly between us and the third party. If we determine that exclusive rights to such improvements owned solely by a research partner or other third party with whom we collaborate are necessary to commercialize our drug candidates or maintain our competitive advantage, we may need to obtain an exclusive license from such third party in order to use the improvements and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing our drug candidates. We may not be able to obtain such a license on an exclusive basis, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates or allow our competitors or others the opportunity to access technology that is important to our business. We also may need the cooperation of any co-owners of our intellectual property in order to enforce such intellectual property against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 64 
 
 In addition, the in-licensing and acquisition of these technologies is a highly competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire product candidates or technologies that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to license rights to us. Furthermore, we may be unable to identify suitable product candidates or technologies within our area of focus. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to suitable product candidates or technologies, our business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely upon know-how and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third-parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. 
 It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual or entity during the course of the party s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties, except in certain specified circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual, and that are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. In the case of consultants and other third parties, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived in connection with the services provided are our exclusive property. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. We have also adopted policies and conduct training that provides guidance on our expectations, and our advice for best practices, in protecting our trade secrets. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. 
 In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information through other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. These measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and any recourse we might take against this type of misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent us from receiving legal recourse. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any of that information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. 
 In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. If we choose to go to court to stop a third party from using any of our trade secrets, we may incur substantial costs. Even if we are successful, these types of lawsuits may consume our time and other resources. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. As a result, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent, delay or otherwise interfere with our product discovery and development efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation, inter partes review, post grant review, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates and/or 
 65 
 
 proprietary technologies infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications that are owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our field, third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 
 If a third party claims that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims that, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management s attention from our core business 

substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes on or violates the third party s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages plus the patent owner s attorneys fees 

a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, unless the third party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do, on commercially reasonable terms or at all 

if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our product candidates 

the requirement that we redesign our product candidates or processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time and 

there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization, including by enforcing its patents against us by filing a patent infringement lawsuit against us. In this regard, patents issued in the United States by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard of proof. 
 There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. 
 If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, or materials used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of those patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize our product candidate unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until those patents were to expire or those patents are finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of that patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtain a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. In either case, a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, particularly if such patent is owned or controlled by one of our primary competitors. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In 
 66 
 
 addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee time and resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any license of this nature would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates and we may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could significantly harm our business. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful and could result in a finding that such patents are unenforceable or invalid. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. 
 In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. These types of mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). These types of proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents such that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome for any particular patent following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, or if we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our rights, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Defense of these types of claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. 
 Conversely, we may choose to challenge the patentability of claims in a third party s U.S. patent by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings), or we may choose to challenge a third party s patent in patent opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office (the EPO or another foreign patent office. Even if successful, the costs of these opposition proceedings could be substantial, and may consume our time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO, the EPO or other patent office then we may be exposed to litigation by a third party alleging that the patent may be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, that perception could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 67 

We have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We have limited intellectual property rights outside the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products against third parties in violation of our proprietary rights generally. The initiation of proceedings by third parties to challenge the scope or validity of our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our product candidates. Our technology utilizes open source software that contains modules licensed for use from third-party authors under open source licenses. In particular, some of the software that powers TANGO may be provided under license arrangements that allow use of the software for research or other non-commercial purposes. As a result, in the future, as we seek to use our platform in connection with commercially available products, we may be required to license that software under different license terms, which may not be possible on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to license software components on terms that permit its use for commercial purposes, we may be required to replace those software components, which could result in delays, additional cost and additional regulatory approvals. 
 Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the software code. Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain of the open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This could allow our competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time, and ultimately could result in a loss of product sales for us. Although we monitor our use of open source software, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that those licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our product candidates. We could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our product candidates, to re-engineer our product candidates or to discontinue the sale of our product candidates in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Third parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biopharmaceutical or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no misappropriation or improper disclosure claims against us are currently pending, and although we 
 68 
 
 try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. We may then have to pursue litigation to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any claims of this nature in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against these types of claims, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, that perception could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities, and we may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct this type of litigation or proceedings. For example, some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of this type of litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. In any case, uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of intellectual property litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 The growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use third-party proprietary rights. For example, our product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently, we may develop product candidates containing our compounds and pre-existing pharmaceutical compounds, or we may be required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to provide a companion diagnostic test or tests with our product candidates, any of which could require us to obtain rights to use intellectual property held by third parties. In addition, with respect to any patents we may co-own with third parties, we may require licenses to such co-owners interest to such patents. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary or important to our business operations. In addition, we may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Were that to happen, we may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by those third-party intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe on those intellectual property rights, which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, which means that our competitors may also receive access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 Additionally, we sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Even if we hold such an option, we may be unable to negotiate a license from the institution within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies that may be more established or have greater resources than we do may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete these types of negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to develop or market. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of certain programs and our business financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. 
 69 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application process and following the issuance of a patent. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. Were a noncompliance event to occur, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Changes in patent law in the United States and in non-U.S. jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. 
 Past or future patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. For example, in March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the America Invents Act the United States moved from a first to invent to a first-to-file patent system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The America Invents Act includes a number of other significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and establish a new post-grant review system. The effects of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO continues to promulgate new regulations and procedures in connection with the America Invents Act and many of the substantive changes to patent law, including the first-to-file provisions, only became effective in March 2013. In addition, the courts have yet to address many of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on the specific patents discussed in this filing have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. However, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 
 Additionally, recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. For example, in the case, Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to DNA molecules are not patentable. While we do not believe that any of our owned or in-licensed patents will be found invalid based on this decision, we cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. Any similar adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting our product candidates might expire before or shortly after we or our partners commercialize those candidates. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 70 
 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Amendments ). The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent per product may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, even if we were to seek a patent term extension, it may not be granted because of, for example, the failure to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, the failure to apply within applicable deadlines, the failure to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or any other failure to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 We are subject to a variety of privacy and data security laws, and our failure to comply with them could harm our business. 
 We maintain a large quantity of sensitive information, including confidential business and patient health information in connection with our preclinical studies, and are subject to laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of such information. In the United States, there are numerous federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information, including federal and state health information privacy laws, federal and state security breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations and constantly evolving. In May 2018, a new privacy regime, the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR took effect in the European Economic Area (the EEA and the United Kingdom. The GDPR governs the collection, use, disclosure, transfer or other processing of personal data of European and United Kingdom persons. The GDPR continues to form part of law in the United Kingdom with some amendments following Brexit UK GDPR ), although there is a risk of divergence in the future which may increase our overall data protection compliance cost. Among other things, the GDPR and UK GDPR impose new requirements regarding the security of personal data and notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data processing authorities, changes the lawful bases on which personal data can be processed, expands the definition of personal data and requires changes to informed consent practices, as well as more detailed notices for clinical trial subjects and investigators. In addition, the GDPR and UK GDPR increase the scrutiny of transfers of personal data from clinical trial sites located in the EEA and the United Kingdom to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission or the United Kingdom do not recognize as having adequate data protection laws, and imposes substantial fines for breaches and violations (up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of our consolidated annual worldwide gross revenue). The GDPR and UK GDPR also confer a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR or UK GDPR. Compliance with these and any other applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we may face significant fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Other Risks Related to our Business 
 We expect to expand our development and regulatory capabilities, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of product candidate development and growing our capability to conduct clinical trials. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations. 
 71 
 
 We must attract and retain highly skilled employees to succeed. 
 To succeed, we must recruit, retain, manage and motivate qualified clinical, scientific, technical and management personnel, and we face significant competition for experienced personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly at the management level, it could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan, harm our results of operations and increase our capabilities to successfully commercialize STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates. In particular, we believe that our future success is highly dependent upon the contributions of our senior management, including Edward M. Kaye, our Chief Executive Officer, as well as our senior scientists and other members of our senior management team. The loss of services of one or more of these individuals, who all have at-will employment arrangements with us, could delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, completion of our planned clinical trials or the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved. The competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology field is intense and as a result, we may be unable to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business or to recruit suitable replacement personnel. 
 Many of the other biotechnology companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can discover and develop product candidates and our business will be limited. 
 Future acquisitions or strategic alliances could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may acquire additional businesses or drugs, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing and marketing any new drugs resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. The risks we face in connection with acquisitions, include: 

diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges 

coordination of research and development efforts 

retention of key employees from the acquired company 

changes in relationships with strategic partners as a result of product acquisitions or strategic positioning resulting from the acquisition 

cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization 

the need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked sufficiently effective controls, procedures and policies 

liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property infringement claims, violation of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known liabilities 

unanticipated write-offs or charges and 

litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties. 

 Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions or strategic alliances could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities and harm the business generally. There is also a risk that future acquisitions will result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or incremental operating expenses, any of which could harm our financial condition or results of operations. 
 72 
 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. 
 We will become subject to numerous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations will involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also may produce hazardous waste products. We generally anticipate contracting with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We will not be able to eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from any use by us of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development, or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, stock price and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. For example, the global financial crisis of 2008 caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Similarly, the volatility associated with the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant instability and disruptions in the capital and credit markets and, in recent months, the global economy has been impacted by increasing interest rates and inflation, as well as the possibility of a recession or further economic downturn. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our services. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive such difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and any general economic downturn. 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If a natural disaster, fire, hurricane, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our suppliers manufacturing facilities, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. 
 The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 73 
 
 Our internal computer and information systems, or those used by our CROs, CMOs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our development programs. 
 Despite the implementation of appropriate security measures, our internal computer and information systems and those of our current and any future CROs, CMOs and other contractors or consultants may become vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such material system failure, or accident, and are unaware of any security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions. For example, the loss of data from completed or future preclinical studies or clinical trials could result in significant delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be significantly delayed. 
 A breakdown or breach of our technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. 
 We are increasingly dependent upon technology systems and data to operate our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including increasing the prevalence of employees working remotely. As a result, we are increasingly dependent upon our technology systems to operate our business and our ability to effectively manage our business depends on the security, reliability and adequacy of our technology systems and data, which includes use of cloud technologies, including Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS). A breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or breach of our technology systems, including the cloud technologies that we utilize, and/or unauthorized access to our data and information could subject us to liability or negatively impact the operation of our business. Our technology systems, including the cloud technologies that we utilize, continue to increase in multitude and complexity, making them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and random attack. Likewise, data privacy or security breaches by individuals authorized to access our technology systems, including the cloud technologies that we utilize, may pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to us, our patients or other business partners, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. 
 Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. They are often carried out by motivated, well-resourced, skilled and persistent actors, including nation states, organized crime groups, hacktivists and employees or contractors acting with malicious intent. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and key loggers, ransomware, a denial-of-service attack, a malicious website, the use of social engineering and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our technology systems and data. Cyber-attacks could also include supply chain attacks, which could cause a delay in the manufacturing of our products or products produced for contract manufacturing. Our key business partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. Cyberattacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, wire fraud and other forms of cyber fraud, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering fraud or other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. A successful cyberattack could cause serious negative consequences for us, including, without limitation, the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information, including financial information, trade secrets, financial loss and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans. To date, we have not experienced a material compromise of our data or information systems. However, although we devote resources to protect our information systems, we realize that cyberattacks are a threat, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal, financial or reputational harm to us, or would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, the computer systems of various third parties on which we rely, including our CROs, CMOs and other contractors, consultants and law and accounting firms, may sustain damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, data breaches, phishing attacks, cybercriminals, natural disasters (including hurricanes and earthquakes), terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. We rely on our third-party providers to implement effective security measures and identify and correct for any such failures, deficiencies or breaches. 
 Moreover, our increased use of cloud technologies and remote working arrangements could heighten these and other operational risks, and any failure by cloud technology service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential or propriety information. Despite the implementation of appropriate security measures, our internal computer and information systems 
 74 
 
 and those of our current and any future CROs, CMOs and other contractors or consultants may become vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such material system failure, or accident, and are unaware of any security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions. For example, the loss of data from completed or future preclinical studies or clinical trials could result in significant delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be significantly delayed. While we continue to build and improve our systems and infrastructure, including our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, operational or reputational harm to us, or loss of competitive advantage. In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. 
 Our employees, principal investigators, CROs, CMOs and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 Our business entails a significant risk of product liability and our ability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We will face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of STK-001, STK-002 and our future product candidates in clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any of our product candidates. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for any product candidates that we may develop 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants 

significant time and costs to defend the related litigation 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients 

loss of revenue and 

the inability to commercialize any product candidates that we may develop. 

 While we currently have product liability insurance that we believe is appropriate for our stage of development, we may need to obtain higher levels prior to clinical development or marketing STK-001, STK-002 or any of our future product candidates. Any insurance we have or may obtain may not provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities. 
 75 
 
 Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by product liability claims that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The market price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which we cannot control. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the other risks described in this section and elsewhere in this report and the following: 

results of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, or those of our competitors or our existing or future collaborators 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates 

the success of competitive products or technologies 

introductions and announcements of new products by us, our future commercialization partners, or our competitors, and the timing of these introductions or announcements 

actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our product candidates, clinical studies, manufacturing process or sales and marketing terms 

actual or anticipated variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us 

the success of our efforts to acquire or in-license additional technologies, products or product candidates 

developments concerning any future collaborations, including but not limited to those with our sources of manufacturing supply and our commercialization partners 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments 

developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our product candidates and products 

our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems 

actual or anticipated changes in earnings estimates or changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally 

our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market 

fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us 

announcement and expectation of additional financing efforts 

speculation in the press or investment community 

trading volume of our common stock 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders 

the concentrated ownership of our common stock 

 76 

changes in accounting principles 

terrorist acts, acts of war or periods of widespread civil unrest, including the conflict in Ukraine and actions taken by third parties in response to such conflict 

natural disasters and other calamities and 

general economic, industry and market conditions including interest rate increases and inflation. 

 In addition, the stock market in general, and the markets for pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have been often unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the issuer, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic conditions. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk factors section, could have a dramatic and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 
 Our principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 As of December 31, 2022 entities affiliated with Skorpios Trust beneficially owned 36.62 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, these entities will have considerable influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our organizational documents, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and any other significant corporate transaction. The interests of such entities may not be the same as or may even conflict with your interests. For example, these entities could potentially delay or prevent a change of control of our company, even if such a change of control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company or our assets and might affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, Skorpios Trust received its shares from Apple Tree Partners, which previously controlled a majority of the voting power of our common stock. Seth L. Harrison, the chairman of our board of directors, serves as Managing Partner of Apple Tree Partners. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over the analysts, or the content and opinions included in their reports. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if our preclinical studies and clinical trials and results of operations fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of such analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause a decline in our stock price or trading volume. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including (i) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), (ii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (iii) exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory stockholder votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not approved previously. 
 77 
 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (b) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceed s 700 million as of the prior June 30th, (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period and (iii) December 31, 2024. 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our consolidated financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an emerging growth company or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies to our consolidated financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date on which adoption is required for non-emerging growth companies and the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates was less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company as long as either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by current members of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions: 

establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time 

permit only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board 

provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders 

require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan 

eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders 

prohibit cumulative voting and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

 78 
 
 The exclusive forum provision in our restated certificate of incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our restated certificate of incorporation, or our restated bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. It could apply, however, to a suit that falls within one or more of the categories enumerated in the exclusive forum provision and asserts claims under the Securities Act, inasmuch as Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rule and regulations thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In April 2020, we amended and restated our restated bylaws to provide that the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (such provision, a Federal Forum Provision ). Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. 
 Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court. 
 Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 
 We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our 
 79 
 
 management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, we expect these rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. Moreover, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, investors views of us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We previously were not required to independently comply with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, starting with the second annual report that we file with the SEC. We were required to meet these standards in the course of preparing our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for such year and annually thereafter. Additionally, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation. 
 To achieve compliance with Section 404(b) within the prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. If we identify one or more material weaknesses, it could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our consolidated financial statements. In addition, if we are not able to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 
 As we grow, we expect to hire additional personnel and may utilize external temporary resources to implement, document and modify policies and procedures to maintain effective internal controls. However, it is possible that we may identify deficiencies and weaknesses in our internal controls. If material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal controls exist and go undetected or unremediated, our consolidated financial statements could contain material misstatements that, when discovered in the future, could cause us to fail to meet our future reporting obligations and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 80 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We currently occupy approximately 38,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in Bedford, Massachusetts, under a lease that expires December 31, 2024. We also occupy 4,842 square feet of office space in Cambridge, Massachusetts under a lease that expires on April 30, 2025. We believe that our facilities suffice to meet our current and near-term needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of management, would have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity and reputation harm, and other factors. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 81 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 15 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception. We do not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in future financing instruments. Consequently, stockholders will need to sell shares of our common stock to realize a return on their investment, if any. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 82 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and consolidated results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should carefully read the sections entitled Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are dedicated to addressing the underlying causes of severe diseases by upregulating protein expression with RNA-based medicines. Using our proprietary TANGO (Targeted Augmentation of Nuclear Gene Output) approach, we are developing antisense oligonucleotides ASOs to selectively restore protein levels. Our first compound, STK-001, is in clinical testing for the treatment of Dravet syndrome, a severe and progressive genetic epilepsy. Dravet syndrome is characterized by frequent, prolonged and refractory seizures beginning within the first year of life. The disease is classified as a developmental and epileptic encephalopathy due to the developmental delays and cognitive impairment associated with it. 
 Dravet syndrome is one of many diseases caused by a haploinsufficiency, in which a loss of approximately 50 of normal protein levels leads to disease. We are also pursuing treatment for a second haploinsufficient disease, autosomal dominant optic atrophy ADOA ), the most common inherited optic nerve disorder. Our initial focus is haploinsufficiencies and diseases of the central nervous system and the eye, although proof of concept has been demonstrated in other organs, tissues, and systems, supporting our belief in the broad potential for our proprietary approach. 
 TANGO is based on the pioneering work conducted on pre-mRNA splicing and ASOs in the laboratory of one of our co-founders, Adrian R. Krainer, Ph.D., of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory CSHL in New York. Inspired by the clinical success of SPINRAZA (nusinersen), an ASO medicine for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy that was co-invented by Professor Krainer, our company was founded to develop a general antisense approach to upregulate protein expression. 
 We were incorporated in June 2014. In July 2015 and April 2016, we entered into worldwide license agreements with Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory CSHL ), and the University of Southampton, respectively, with respect to certain licensed patents and applications relating to TANGO. TANGO exploits non-productive splicing events to effect targeted enhancement of protein expression. Since our inception through June 21, 2019, our operations had been financed primarily from the sale of convertible notes payable and our convertible preferred stock. 
 On June 21, 2019, we completed an initial public offering IPO ), of our common stock and issued and sold 9,074,776 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 18.00 per share, which included 1,183,666 shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of 151.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions but before deducting offering costs of approximately 2.5 million. 
 In July 2020, we filed a universal Shelf Registration statement on Form S-3 (the Prior Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). On May 31, 2022, the Prior Registration Statement was deactivated upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined below). As of such date, we had issued approximately 2.2 million shares of common stock under the Prior Registration Statement for net proceeds of 45.3 million. 
 In May 2022, we filed an additional universal Shelf Registration statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement with the SEC. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on May 31, 2022, and contains two prospectuses: a base prospectus, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of 400,000,000 of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities, subscription rights to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities and/or units consisting of some or all of these securities and a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of 150,000,000 of common stock that may be issued and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement Sales Agreement ). The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the base prospectus will be specified in a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus. The 150,000,000 of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the 400,000,000 of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by us under the base prospectus. As of December 31, 2022, we had not issued any shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Since December 31, 2022, we sold approximately 4.6 million shares of our common stock 
 83 
 
 and received 44.7 million after deducting commissions related to the Sales Agreement. We may terminate this at-the-market program at any time, pursuant to its terms. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 230.2 million and 220.4 million, respectively, in cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash. 
 Since inception, we have had operating losses, the majority of which are attributable to research and development activities. Our net losses were 101.1 million and 85.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 297.2 million and as of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 196.1 million. 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to increase. In particular, we expect our expenses and losses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved products, as well as hire additional personnel, develop commercial infrastructure, pay fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and incur increased costs associated with being a public company such as expenses related to services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and SEC requirements, insurance and investor relations costs. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. 
 Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash of 230.2 million as of December 31, 2022, together with the proceeds since December 31, 2022 from the Sales Agreement of 44.7 million, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements to the end of 2025. To date, we have not had any products approved for sale and have not generated any product sales. We do not expect to generate any revenues from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates, which we expect will take a number of years. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. As a result, until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise capital, we will need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities to reduce costs. 
 License and Collaboration Agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 In January 2022, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. Acadia for the discovery, development and commercialization of novel RNA-based medicines for the treatment of severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the CNS. The agreement focuses on the targets SYNGAP1, MECP2 (Rett syndrome), and an undisclosed neurodevelopmental target of mutual interest. In connection with each target, we will collaborate with Acadia to identify potential treatments for further development and commercialization as licensed products. With respect to SYNGAP1, we have agreed with Acadia to co-develop and co-commercialize licensed products for such target globally, and in connection therewith we granted to Acadia worldwide, co-exclusive (with us) licenses for such licensed products. With respect to MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, we granted to Acadia worldwide, exclusive licenses to develop and commercialize licensed products for such targets. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 60 million from Acadia. Acadia agreed to fund the research to identify potential licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, and we will equally fund with Acadia the research to identify potential licensed products for SYNGAP1. We are eligible to receive up to 907.5 million in potential total milestone payments based upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, first commercial sales and sales milestone events across the programs for the three targets, assuming each milestone were achieved at least once. With respect to licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the mid-teens on future net sales by Acadia of licensed products worldwide. Royalties payable under the agreement are subject to standard royalty reductions. For SYNGAP1 licensed products that we are co-developing and co-commercializing, we will be responsible for 50 of the development and commercialization costs and will receive 50 of the profits from global commercialization. 
 84 
 
 Business Update Regarding COVID-19 
 We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in an effort to mitigate interruptions to our clinical programs, research efforts and other business activities and to monitor the safety and well-being of our employees, patients and communities, as well as its impact on the U.S. economy and financial markets. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and COVID-19 variants, the actions taken to contain it or treat its impact and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. 
 For additional information on the various risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, please read Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this annual report. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Revenue 
 We currently do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any product revenue since inception through December 2022. If we are able to successfully develop, receive regulatory approval for and commercialize any of our current or future product candidates alone or in collaboration with third parties, we may generate revenue from the sales of these product candidates. 
 In January 2022, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. Acadia for the discovery, development and commercialization of novel RNA-based medicines for the treatment of severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the central nervous system (the CNS ). The agreement focuses on the targets SYNGAP1, MECP2 (Rett syndrome), and an undisclosed neurodevelopmental target of mutual interest. In connection with each target, we will collaborate with Acadia to identify potential treatments for further development and commercialization as licensed products. With respect to SYNGAP1, we have agreed with Acadia to co-develop and co-commercialize licensed products for such target globally, and in connection therewith we granted to Acadia worldwide, co-exclusive (with us) licenses for such licensed products. With respect to MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, we granted to Acadia worldwide, exclusive licenses to develop and commercialize licensed products for such targets. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we received an upfront payment of 60 million from Acadia. Acadia agreed to fund the research to identify potential licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, and we will equally fund with Acadia the research to identify potential licensed products for SYNGAP1. We are eligible to receive up to 907.5 million in potential total milestone payments based upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, first commercial sales and sales milestone events across the programs for the three targets, assuming each milestone were achieved at least once. With respect to licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the mid-teens on future net sales by Acadia of licensed products worldwide. Royalties payable under the agreement are subject to standard royalty reductions. For SYNGAP1 licensed products that we are co-developing and co-commercializing, we will be responsible for 50 of the development and commercialization costs and will receive 50 of the profits from global commercialization. We are provided with a co-development and co-commercialization opt out option relating to the SYNGAP1 target indication at our discretion. Such opt-out would reduce development and commercialization milestones but would provide us with royalties on an escalating basis attributable to net sales milestones. 
 See Note 8 License and Collaboration Agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Inc. of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Operating expenses 
 Certain operating expenses related to the prior period have been reclassed to conform to current period presentation. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of our discovery work and preclinical programs, which include: 

personnel costs, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense 

 85 

expenses incurred under agreements with consultants, third-party contract organizations that conduct research and development activities on our behalf, costs related to production of preclinical material and laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of preclinical studies 

scientific consulting, collaboration and licensing fees 

laboratory supplies and 

facilities costs, depreciation and other expenses related to internal research and development activities. 

 We use our personnel and infrastructure resources across multiple research and development programs directed toward identifying and developing product candidates. Our direct research and development expenses are tracked on a program-by-program basis from the point a program becomes a clinical candidate for us and consists primarily of external costs, such as fees paid to consultants, central laboratories and contractors in connection with our preclinical activities. We do not allocate employee costs, costs associated with our technology or facility expenses, including depreciation or other indirect costs, to specific programs because these costs are currently deployed across multiple product development programs and, as such, are not separately classified. We use internal resources to manage our development activities and our employees work across multiple development programs and, therefore, we do not track their costs by program. 
 The table below summarizes our research and development expenses incurred by development program: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

STK-001 

25,327 

18,778 

STK-002 

9,087 

3,436 

SYNGAP1 

405 

148 

MECP2 

745 

243 

Non-program specific and unallocated research 
 and development expenses 

42,273 

31,563 

Total research and development expenses 

77,837 

54,168 

We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. Costs for certain development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors and third-party service providers. 
 We expect that our expenses will increase substantially in connection with our planned discovery work, preclinical and clinical development activities in the near term and our planned clinical trials in the future. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the costs for completing the preclinical and clinical development of any of our other product candidates. We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to developing our product candidates, including investments in manufacturing, as our programs advance into later stages of development and we conduct clinical trials. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of the current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for our product candidates. The duration, costs and timing of preclinical studies and clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including: 

successful completion of preclinical studies and investigational new drug-enabling studies 

successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials 

receipt of regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities 

furthering our commercial manufacturing capabilities and arrangements with third-party manufacturers 

 86 

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and non-patent exclusivity 

launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others 

acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors 

effectively competing with other therapies and treatment options 

a continued acceptable safety profile following approval 

enforcing and defending intellectual property and proprietary rights and claims and 

achieving desirable medicinal properties for the intended indications. 

 A change in the outcome of any of these factors could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of our current and future preclinical and clinical product candidates. For example, if the FDA, or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development, or if we experience significant delays in execution of or enrollment in any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of preclinical and clinical development. We expect our research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of product candidates. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, costs related to maintenance and filing of intellectual property, expenses for outside professional services, including legal, human resources, information technology, audit and accounting services, and facilities and other expenses. Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase over the next several years to support our continued research and development activities, manufacturing activities, increased costs of operating as a public company and the potential commercialization of our product candidates. These increases are anticipated to include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel, developing commercial infrastructure, fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and increased costs associated with being a public company such as expenses related to services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and SEC requirements, insurance and investor relations costs. 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 Our other income (expense), includes (i) interest income earned on cash reserves in our operating money market fund, investment accounts and on our marketable securities investments and (ii) other items of income (expense), net. 
 
 87 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Consolidated statements of operations and 

comprehensive loss: 

Revenue 

12,405 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

77,837 

54,168 

General and administrative 

38,924 

31,897 

Total operating expenses 

116,761 

86,065 

Loss from operations 

(104,356 

(86,065 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

3,122 

120 

Other income (expense), net 

167 

140 

Total other income (expense) 

3,289 

260 

Net loss 

(101,067 

(85,805 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

(2.60 

(2.34 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

38,897,442 

36,739,269 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

(101,067 

(85,805 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

(1,007 

(168 

Total other comprehensive loss 

(1,007 

(168 

Comprehensive loss 

(102,074 

(85,973 

Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 77.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 54.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 23.6 million. The table below summarizes our research and development expenses: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

STK-001 

25,327 

18,778 

STK-002 

9,087 

3,436 

SYNGAP1 

405 

148 

MECP2 

745 

243 

Personnel-related expenses 

29,028 

22,603 

Third-party services 

3,409 

990 

Scientific consulting 

794 

579 

Facilities and other research and 
 development expenses 

9,042 

7,391 

Total research and development expenses 

77,837 

54,168 

The increase in research and development expenses were primarily attributable to an increase of 6.4 million in personnel costs resulting from an increase in headcount, an increase of 6.5 million in expenses related to our STK-001 program and 5.7 million related to our STK-002 program, which is comprised of third-party services and scientific consulting fees, an increase of 0.8 million in external third party expense related to SYNGAP1 and MECP2 and an increase of 4.2 million in expense related to facilities and other costs and non-project specific consulting and third-party services, materials and other costs. The increases in expense reflect the accelerating pace of research and development activities and the increases in personnel, facilities and, third party services to support those activities. 
 88 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 38.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 31.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 7.0 million. 
 The increases in general and administrative expenses were primarily attributable to an increase of 5.1 million in personnel costs resulting from an increase in headcount and stock compensation expense resulting from an increase in the annual options award and an increase of 1.9 million in third-party services to support our in-house personnel in various aspects of developing and supporting the business including human resources, information technology, audit, tax, public relations, communications and other general and administrative activities. 
 Other income (expense) 
 The change in our other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflects an increase in marketable securities balances as well as increased interest rates. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception through December 31, 2022, our operations have been financed by net proceeds of 490.5 million from the sale of convertible notes payable and our convertible preferred stock, our initial public offering, follow-on offering, proceeds from the controlled equity offering sales agreements and the upfront payment from Acadia. As of December 31, 2022, we had 230.2 million in cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation. 
 We have incurred losses since our inception in June 2014 and, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accumulated deficits of 297.2 million and 196.1 million, respectively. Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Our product candidates may never achieve commercialization and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We expect that our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to increase. As a result, until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, compensation and related expenses, third-party clinical research and development services, costs relating to the build-out of our headquarters and manufacturing facility, license payments or milestone obligations that may arise, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, manufacturing costs, legal and other regulatory expenses and general overhead costs. 
 89 
 
 Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash of 2 3 0. 2 million as of December 31, 202 2 , together with the proceeds since December 31, 202 2 from the Sales Agreement of 44.7 million, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements to the end of 2025 . We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We will continue to require additional financing to advance our current product candidates through clinical development, to develop, acquire or in-license other potential product candidates and to fund operations for the foreseeable future. We will continue to seek funds through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise capital, we will need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities to reduce costs. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our lead product candidates or any future product candidates, and conducting nonclinical studies and clinical trials 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals or clearances for our lead product candidates or any future product candidates 

the number and characteristics of any additional product candidates we develop or acquire 

the timing of any cash milestone payments if we successfully achieve certain predetermined milestones 

the cost of manufacturing our lead product candidates or any future product candidates and any products we successfully commercialize, including costs associated with building-out our manufacturing capabilities 

our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of any such agreements that we may enter into 

the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel 

the costs associated with being a public company and 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales of any future approved or cleared products, if any. 

 Further, our operating plans may change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for clinical trials and other research and development activities. We currently have no credit facility or committed sources of capital. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated product development programs. 
 Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(31,866 

(66,907 

Investing activities 

(45,882 

(76,426 

Financing activities 

46,409 

1,284 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(31,339 

(142,049 

90 

Operating activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 31.9 million. This was primarily attributable to a net loss of 101.1 million and by a net change of 8.7 million in our net operating assets and liabilities, offset by 51.7 million in deferred revenue received as part of the Acadia collaboration and to non-cash charges of 26.2 million for share-based compensation, depreciation, amortization and accretion of marketable securities, and reduction in the carrying amount of right of use assets. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 66.9 million and was attributable to a net loss of 85.8 million partially offset by 0.1 million of amortization and accretion of marketable securities, and by non-cash charges of 18.6 million for share-based compensation, depreciation, and reduction in the carrying amount of right of use assets. 
 Investing activities 
 Our investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 have consisted of purchases of property and equipment and net purchases of marketable securities. 
 Our investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 have consisted of purchases of property and equipment and net purchases of marketable securities. 
 Financing activities 
 Our financing activities during year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 0.5 million from the exercise of stock options, 0.6 million in proceeds from our Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 45.3 million of net proceeds from the controlled equity offering sales agreements. 
 Our financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 0.8 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and 0.5 million in proceeds from our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the effects that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods: 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less Than 
 1 Year 

1 to 3 
 Years 

4 to 5 
 Years 

More than 
 5 Years 

(in thousands) 

Operating lease obligations 

5,313 

2,532 

2,781 

Total 

5,313 

2,532 

2,781 

In August 2018, we entered into an agreement to lease approximately 23,000 square feet of space for a term of three years. Lease terms are triple net lease commencing at 0.9 million per year, then with 3 annual base rent increases plus operating expenses, real estate taxes, utilities and janitorial fees. The lease commencement date was December 10, 2018. 
 In September 2021, we entered into an agreement to extend the initial term of the 23,000 square foot lease for a period of three years ending December 31, 2024. In addition, this agreement provides for the lease of an additional 15,000 square feet of rentable space beginning on April 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024. Initial monthly lease payments are approximately 0.1 million with respect to the 23,000 square feet space, and 0.1 million with respect to the 15,000 square feet space, and in each case subject to annual rent escalations. 
 In December 2018, we entered into an agreement to lease 2,485 square feet of space for a term of three years. The lease includes one renewal option for an additional two years. Lease terms commence at 0.2 million per year, with 2.5 annual base rent increases plus operating expenses, real estate taxes, utilities and janitorial fees. We occupied this space in May 2019. 
 In June 2021, we amended the agreement to extend the initial term of the 2,485 square foot lease for a period of three years ending April 30, 2025. In addition, the amendment provided for the lease of an additional 2,357 square feet of rentable 
 91 
 
 space beginning on July 6, 2021 and ending on April 30, 2025. The amended lease provides us with the option to extend the term of the lease for an additional two years with a base annual rent increase of 3 . 
 Commitments 
 Our commitments primarily consist of obligations under our agreements with CSHL and the University of Southampton. As of December 31, 2022, we were unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving the milestones or making future product sales. For additional information regarding our agreements, see Business License and research agreements. 
 Additionally, we have entered into agreements with third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture and processing of certain of our product candidates for preclinical testing purposes, and we have entered and will enter into other contracts in the normal course of business with contract research organizations for clinical trials and other vendors for other services and products for operating purposes. These agreements generally provide for termination or cancellation, other than for costs already incurred. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under SEC rules. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical in order to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). This standard applies to all contracts with customers, except for contracts that are within the scope of other standards, such as leases, insurance, and financial instruments. Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five-step analysis: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract (iii) determine the transaction price (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step analysis to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must use significant judgment to determine: (a) the number of performance obligations based on the determination under step (ii) above (b) the transaction price under step (iii) above and (c) the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations as a measure of progress in step (v) above. 
 
 For contracts determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess whether the goods or services promised within each contract are distinct to identify those that are performance obligations. This assessment involves subjective determinations and requires management to make judgments about the individual promised goods or services and whether such are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship. Promised goods and services are considered distinct 
 92 
 
 provided that: (i) the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer , and (ii) the entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. In assessing whether a promise or performance obligation is distinct from the other promises, we consider factors such as the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization capabilities of the customer and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace. In addition, we consider whether the customer can benefit from a promise for its intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining promise, whether the value of the promise is dependent on the unsatisfied promise, whether there are other vendors that could provide the remaining promise, and whether it is separately identifiable from the remaining promise. For licenses that are combined with other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue. 
 The licenses of our intellectual property granted to Acadia were not determined to be distinct from the other promises or performance obligations, i.e., research and development services, identified in the arrangement. Accordingly, such licenses are therefore combined with research and development services in the arrangement. Payments or reimbursements resulting from our research and development efforts are recognized as the services are performed and presented on a gross basis because we are the principal for such efforts. 
 
 The transaction price (the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to from a customer in exchange for the promised good or services) is determined and allocated to the identified performance obligations in proportion to their standalone selling prices SSP on a relative SSP basis. SSP is determined at contract inception and is not updated to reflect changes between contract inception and when the performance obligations are satisfied. 
 
 We use significant judgment to determine whether milestone payments or other variable consideration, except for royalties, should be included in the transaction price. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices of each performance obligation in the contract, and we recognize revenue based on those amounts when, or as, the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. Any variable consideration is constrained, and therefore, the cumulative revenue associated with this consideration is not recognized until it is deemed not to be at significant risk of reversal. 
 
 We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation(s) when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied, either at a point in time or over time, and if over time recognition is based on the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. Amounts received prior to being recognized as revenue are recorded as deferred revenue. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as current portion of deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue, net of current portion. 
 
 Customer options: If an arrangement is determined to contain customer options that allow the customer to acquire additional goods or services, the goods and services underlying the customer options are not considered to be performance obligations at the outset of the arrangement, as they are contingent upon option exercise. We evaluate the customer options for material rights, that is, the option to acquire additional goods or services for free or at a discount. If the customer options are determined to represent a material right, the material right is recognized as a separate performance obligation at the outset of the arrangement. We allocate the transaction price to material rights based on the standalone selling price. As a practical alternative to estimating the standalone selling price when the goods or services are both (i) similar to the original goods and services in the contract and (ii) provided in accordance with the terms of the original contract, we allocate the total amount of consideration expected to be received from the customer to the total goods or services expected to be provided to the customer. Amounts allocated to any material right are not recognized as revenue until the option is exercised and the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 No such material rights were identified in the arrangement with Acadia. If such material rights were identified, then we would allocate the transaction price to material rights based on the relative standalone selling price, which is determined based on the identified discount and the probability that the customer will exercise the option. Amounts allocated to a material right are not recognized or begin to be recognized as revenue until, at the earliest, the option is exercised. 
 
 93 

Milestone payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes milestone payments, we evaluate whether a significant reversal of cumulative revenue provided in conjunction with achieving the milestones is probable and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the control of us or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. For other milestones, we evaluate factors such as the scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone in making this assessment. There is considerable judgment involved in determining whether it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, we reevaluate the probability of achievement of all milestones subject to constraint and, if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenues and earnings in the period of adjustment. 
 Accrued research and development expenses 
 As part of the process of preparing financial statements, we are required to estimate and accrue research and development expenses. This process involves the following: 

communicating with our applicable personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost 

estimating and accruing expenses in our consolidated financial statements as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at the time and 

periodically confirming the accuracy of our estimates with selected service providers and making adjustments, if necessary. 

 Examples of estimated research and development expenses that we accrue include: 

fees paid to investigative sites in connection with clinical studies 

fees paid to contract manufacturing organizations in connection with non-clinical development, preclinical research, and the production of clinical study materials and 

professional service fees for consulting and related services. 

 We base our expense accruals related to non-clinical development, preclinical studies, and clinical trials on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with organizations/consultants that conduct and manage clinical studies on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. Payments under some of these contracts may depend on many factors, such as the successful enrollment of patients, site initiation, and the completion of clinical study milestones. 
 Our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If we do not identify costs that we have begun to incur, or if we underestimate or overestimate the level of services performed or the costs of these services, our actual expenses could differ from our estimates. To date, we have not experienced significant changes in our estimates of accrued research and development expenses after a reporting period. However, due to the nature of estimates, we cannot assure you that we will not make changes to our estimates in the future as we become aware of additional information about the status or conduct of our clinical trials and other research activities. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock options 
 We recognize compensation costs related to share-based awards granted to employees and directors, including stock options, based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. We estimate the grant date fair value, and the resulting stock-based compensation, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The grant date fair value of the stock-based awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective awards. 
 94 
 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions to determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 

Fair value of common stock Historically, for all periods prior to our initial public offering, the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying our share-based awards was estimated on each grant date by our board of directors. To determine the fair value of our common stock underlying option grants, our board of directors considered, among other things, valuations of our common stock prepared by an unrelated third-party valuation firm in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation , or the Practice Aid . Since becoming a public company we have used our stock price to determine fair value of our common stock. 

Expected term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for option grants is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the expected term to be the midpoint between the vesting date and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. 

Expected volatility We completed our IPO in June 2019 and accordingly, we lack sufficient company-specific historical and implied volatility information for our shares traded in the public markets. Therefore, we estimate our expected share price volatility based on a blend of our historical volatility and the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and expect to continue to do so until such time as we have adequate historical data regarding the volatility of our own traded share price. The comparable companies were chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. 

Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of option. 

Expected dividend We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 

 The following table presents the weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of share-based awards granted: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Risk-free interest rate 

1.82-4.15 

0.78-1.51 

Expected dividend yield 

0 

0 

Expected life 

5.5-6.25 years 

5.5-6.25 years 

Expected volatility 

70-71 

70-73 

We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the assumptions utilized for our share-based compensation expense calculations on a prospective basis. In addition to the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, the amount of stock-based compensation expense we recognize in our consolidated financial statements includes actual stock option forfeitures. 
 Other Information 
 Net operating loss carryforwards 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of 210.9 million and 191.1 million, respectively, which may be available to reduce future taxable income, and expire at various dates beginning in 2034, for those net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2018. Net operating losses generated in 2018 and beyond have no expiration. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss carry forwards of 212.8 million and 191.4 million, respectively, which may be available to reduce future taxable income and expire at various dates beginning in 2035. In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of 9.2 million and 5.4 million, respectively, and state research and development tax credit carry forwards of 4.3 million and 3.0 million, respectively. Both federal and state research and development tax credit carry forwards may be available to reduce future tax liabilities and expire at various dates beginning in 2030. 

In accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, management of the Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which are comprised principally of net operating loss carryforwards. Management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets and, as a result, a full valuation allowance of 97.9 million and 66.0 
 95 
 
 million was established at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance was an increase of 31.8 million and 28.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income. The Company has not conducted a formal study to assess whether a change of control has occurred or whether there have been multiple changes of control since inception due to the significant complexity and cost associated with such a study. If the Company has experienced a change of control, as defined for purposes of Section 382 and 383 of the Code, at any time since inception, utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Code, which is determined by first multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate, and then could be subject to additional adjustments, as required. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards before utilization. 
 
 We apply ASC 740 related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company s reserves related to income taxes are based on a determination of whether, and how much of, a tax benefit taken by the Company in its tax filings or positions is more likely than not to be realized following resolution of any potential contingencies present related to the tax benefit. At December 31, 2022, and 2021 the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalty charges, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits would be classified as income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. 
 As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of our first fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) when we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates was less than 700 million and our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We will continue to be a smaller reporting company for so long as either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 96 
 
 Recently I ssued A ccounting P ronouncements 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This guidance removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod allocation and calculating income taxes in interim periods. It also adds guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020, and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2021 and the adoption of this update did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course, primarily including interest sensitivities. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash of 230.2 million and 220.4 million as of December 31, 2021. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would affect the fair market value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities by approximately 2.3 million. 
 Inflation risk 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Financial Officer (Our principal accounting officer) and Chief Executive Officer (Our principal executive officer), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)) as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 97 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013. Based upon the assessments, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report from our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. Additionally, for so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act or a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We have not experienced any material impact to our internal controls over financial reporting despite the fact that most of our employees are working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are continually monitoring and assessing the COVID-19 situation on our internal controls to minimize the impact on their design and operating effectiveness. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 98 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our officers, directors, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and controller, or persons performing similar functions, which is posted on our website. Our Code of Conduct is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Conduct on our website. The information contained on, or accessible from, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference or otherwise. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference . 
 99 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial statement schedules not listed have been omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 
 Filing Date 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Filed/Furnished 
 Herewith 

3.1 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

August 14, 2019 

3.1 

3.2 

Restated Bylaws, as amended. 

8-K 

001-38938 

February 3, 2023 

3.1 

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Certificate. 

S-1 

333-231700 

June 7, 2019 

4.1 

4.2 

Description of Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10-K 

001-38938 

March 9, 2021 

4.3 

10.1 

Form of Indemnification Agreement with directors and officers. 

S-1 

333-231700 

June 7, 2019 

10.1 

10.2 

2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of award agreements. 

S-1 

333-231700 

May 23, 2019 

10.2 

10.3 

2019 Equity Incentive Plan, and forms of award agreements . 

X 

10.4 

2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and forms of award agreements. 

S-1 

333-231700 

June 7, 2019 

10.5 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Edward M. Kaye, effective as of October 21, 2020. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

November 12, 2020 

10.1 

10.6 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Stephen J. Tulipano, effective as of October 21, 2020. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

November 12, 2020 

10.2 

10.7 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Barry Ticho, effective as of October 21, 2020. 

10-K 

001-38938 

March 9, 2021 

10.7 

10.8 

Change of Control and Severance Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Edward M. Kaye, effective as of October 21, 2020. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

November 12, 2020 

10.4 

10.9 

Change of Control and Severance Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Stephen J. Tulipano, effective as of October 21, 2020. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

November 12, 2020 

10.5 

10.10 

Change of Control and Severance Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Barry Ticho, effective as of October 21, 2020. 

10-K 

001-38938 

March 9, 2021 

10.10 

10.11 

Lease Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2021, by and between ARE-MA Region No. 24, LLC and the Registrant. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

November 8, 2021 

10.1 

100 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 
 Filing Date 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Filed/Furnished 
 Herewith 

10.12 

Lease Agreement, by and between MIT 139 Main Street Leasehold LLC, and the Registrant., as amended to date. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

August 10, 2021 

10.1 

10.13 

License and Collaboration Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2022, by and between Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. and the Registrant. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

May 10, 2022 

10.1 

10.14 

Scientific Advisory Board Agreement by and between the Registrant and Adrian Krainer, Ph.D., dated June 1, 2022. 

10-Q 

001-38938 

August 8, 2022 

10.1 

10.15 

Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2022, between the Registrant and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.. 

S-3 

333-265107 

May 20, 2022 

1.2 

21.1 

Subsidiary of the Registrant. 

S-1 

333-231700 

May 23, 2019 

21.1 

23.1 

Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. 

X 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

X 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

X 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

X 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 

104 

Inline Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

X 

Registrant has omitted certain portions of the exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 101 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Date: March 6, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 

Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Edward M. Kaye and Stephen J. Tulipano, and each of them, with full power of substitution and re-substitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Edward M. Kaye 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

March 6, 2023 

Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Stephen J. Tulipano 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 6, 2023 

Stephen J. Tulipano 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Julie A. Smith 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Julie A. Smith 

/s/ Seth L. Harrison 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Seth L. Harrison, M.D. 

/s/ Adrian R. Krainer 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Adrian R. Krainer, Ph.D. 

/s/ Arthur A. Levin 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Arthur A. Levin, Ph.D. 

/s/ Arthur O. Tzianabos 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Arthur O. Tzianabos, Ph.D. 

/s/ Jennifer C. Burstein 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Jennifer C. Burstein 

/s/ Garry E. Menzel 

Director 

March 6, 2023 

Garry E. Menzel 

102 

STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 104 

Consolidated balance sheets 
 
 105 

Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss 
 
 106 

Consolidated statements of stockholders equity 
 
 107 

Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 108 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 109 

103 

Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Stoke Therapeutics, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 6, 2023 
 104 

Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated balance sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Deferred financing costs 

Interest receivable 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue - current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue - net of current portion 

Other long term liabilities 

Total long term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value of per share shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 105 

Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Total other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 106 

Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 paid-in 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

Gain (Loss) 

deficit 

Stockholders 
 equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

- 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of common stock upon follow-on offering, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan 

Shares sold at the market 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 107 

Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization and accretion of marketable securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Reduction in the carrying amount of right of use assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchases of marketable securities 

Sales of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Proceeds from controlled equity offering sales agreement 

Other 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Right-of-use assets recognized in exchange for operating leases 

Property and equipment included in accrued expense and accounts payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 108 

Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiary 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) . The Company is an early-stage biopharmaceutical company pioneering a new way to treat the underlying causes of severe genetic diseases by precisely upregulating protein expression. 
 Shelf Registration 
 In July 2020, the Company filed a universal Shelf Registration statement on Form S-3 (the Prior Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Prior Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 20, 2020, and contained two prospectuses: a base prospectus, which covered the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of of its common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities, subscription rights to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities and/or units consisting of some or all of these securities and a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of of its common stock that may be issued and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement Prior Sales Agreement ). On May 31, 2022, the Prior Registration Statement was deactivated upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined below). As of such date, the Company had issued approximately million shares of common stock in connection with the Prior Sales Agreement for net proceeds of million. 
 In May 2022, the Company filed an additional universal Shelf Registration statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement with the SEC. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on May 31, 2022, and contains two prospectuses: a base prospectus, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of of its common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities, subscription rights to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities and/or units consisting of some or all of these securities and a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of of its common stock that may be issued and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement Sales Agreement ). The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the base prospectus will be specified in a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus. The of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by the Company under the base prospectus. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not issued any shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Since December 31, 2022, we sold approximately million shares of our common stock and received million after deducting commissions related to the Sales Agreement. We may terminate this at-the-market program at any time, pursuant to its terms. 
 Uncertainties 
 The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry including, but not limited to, development by competitors of new technological innovations, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with government regulations and ability to secure additional capital to fund operations. Product candidates currently under development will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel and infrastructure and extensive compliance-reporting capabilities. Even if the Company s product development efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if ever, the Company will realize significant revenue from product sales. 
 Liquidity 
 The Company expects that its operating losses and negative cash flows will continue for the foreseeable future. As of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the Company expects that its cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at least twelve months from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. 
 109 

Restricted cash 

110 

111 
 
 - 

Laboratory equipment and Furniture and fixtures 

- 

Leasehold improvements 

112 
 
 impairment losses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. interest or penalties related to uncertain income tax benefits. 
 113 
 
 segment in the United States. The Company s chief executive officer, as the chief operating decision-maker, manages and allocates resources to the operations of the Company on a total company basis using consolidated financial information. and the adoption of this update did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 114 

Total 

Marketable Securities: 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

US Government debt securities 

Total 

Fair value measurements as of 
 December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Total 

Marketable Securities: 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

US Government debt securities 

Total 

The Company s cash equivalents and marketable securities are carried at fair value, determined according to the fair value hierarchy described above and in Note 2. The carrying value of the Company s accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these liabilities. 
 The Company s assets with fair value categorized as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy include money market funds. Money market funds are publicly traded mutual funds and are presented as cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Company measures its marketable securities at fair value on a recurring basis and classifies those instruments within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Marketable securities are valued using models or other valuation methodologies that use Level 2 inputs. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield curve, volatility factors, default rates, current market and contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as other economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. 
 There were transfers to Level 3 in the periods presented. 

115 

Commercial paper 

US Government debt securities 

Total 

Commercial paper 

US Government debt securities 

Total 

The weighted average maturity of the Company s marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 ranges from approximately years to years. 
 The Company did t record an allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 related to our marketable securities. Further, given the lack of significant change in the credit risk of these investments, the Company did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment losses. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 116 

Accrued professional 

Accrued research and development costs 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

square feet of space for a term of . Lease terms are triple net lease commencing at million per year, then with annual base rent increases plus operating expenses, real estate taxes, utilities and janitorial fees. The lease commencement date was . 
 In September 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to extend the initial term of the square foot lease for a period of commencing on and ending . In addition, this lease provides for the lease of an additional square feet of rentable space beginning on and ending on . In December 2021, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of million for the square feet. On April 1, 2022, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of million for the square feet. 
 In December 2018, the Company entered into an agreement to lease square feet of space for an initial term of . The lease includes renewal option for an additional , however, any time after the initial term the landlord may relocate the Company from the premises to a space reasonably comparable in size and utility. As the Company does not have the right to control the use of the identified asset after the initial term, the renewal option was excluded from the lease liability calculation. Lease terms commence at million per annum, with annual base rent increases plus operating expenses, real estate taxes, utilities and janitorial fees. The lease commencement date was . 
 In June 2021, the Company amended the agreement to extend the initial term of the square foot lease for a period of commencing and ending . In addition, the amendment provided for the lease of an additional square feet of rentable space beginning on and ending on . . In 2021, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and operating lease liabilities of million for the extension of the lease to and a right-of-use asset and operating lease liabilities of million for the additional square feet of rentable space. 
 117 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

In accordance with Topic 842, lease expense incurred under operating leases was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Scientific Advisory Board Agreement 
 In June 2020, the Company entered into a scientific advisory board agreement with a member of the Company s board of directors, who is also an employee of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory CSHL ), to provide scientific advisory services related to the Company s Targeted Augmentation of Nuclear Gene Output TANGO antisense oligonucleotide technology and other antisense oligonucleotide technologies, as well as current and future therapeutic targets and programs. Following the expiration of the initial scientific agreement in June 2021 and a renewal agreement in June 2022, the parties entered into subsequent scientific board agreements on substantially the same terms. The Company recognized expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021 for such scientific advisory services. The term of the renewal agreement is months. 
 118 
 
 percent of the sublicense revenue to CSHL, which may be reduced to a mid-teens or a mid-single digit percentage upon achievement of certain clinical milestones for the applicable licensed product. Finally, the Company is required to pay an annual license maintenance fee of million, which amount is creditable against any owed royalty or milestone payments. The maximum aggregate potential milestone payments payable total approximately million. Additionally, certain licenses under the CSHL Agreement require the Company to reimburse CSHL for certain past and ongoing patent related expenses, however there were expenses related to these reimbursable patent costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not expect the termination of the CSHL Agreement to have a significant impact on the intellectual property underlying any of its current product candidates, including STK-001 and STK-002, or its continued development of the TANGO platform. 
 
 In April 2016, the Company entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with the University of Southampton (the Southampton Agreement ), whereby the Company acquired rights to foundational technologies related to the Company s TANGO technology. Under the Southampton Agreement, the Company receives an exclusive, worldwide license under certain licensed patents and applications relating to TANGO. Under the Southampton Agreement, the Company may be obligated to make additional payments that are contingent upon certain milestones being achieved, as well as royalties on future product sales. These royalty obligations survive until the latest of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of a licensed patent covering a subject product or (ii) the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the subject product in a country. In addition, if the Company sublicenses its rights under the Southampton Agreement, the Company is required to pay a mid-single digit percentage of the sublicense revenue to the University of Southampton. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had paid million under the Southampton Agreement as a result of entering into the Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. license and collaboration agreement in January 2022 (see Note 8). Additionally, certain licenses under the Southampton Agreement require the Company to reimburse the University of Southampton for certain past and ongoing patent related expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022 these expenses were million compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Litigation 
 The Company may periodically become subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in connection with ongoing business activities, including claims or disputes related to patents that have been issued or that are pending in the field of research on which it is focused. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no legal proceedings to which it was a party or to which its property was subject that, in the opinion of management, would have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 
 8. License and Collaboration Agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. Acadia for the discovery, development and commercialization of novel RNA-based medicines for the treatment of severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the central nervous system. The agreement focuses on the targets SYNGAP1, MECP2 (Rett syndrome), and an undisclosed neurodevelopmental target of mutual interest. In connection with each target, the Company will collaborate with Acadia to identify potential treatments for further development and commercialization as licensed products. With respect to SYNGAP1, the Company has agreed with Acadia to co-develop and co-commercialize licensed products for such target globally, and in connection therewith the Company granted to Acadia worldwide, co-exclusive (with Stoke) licenses for such licensed products. With respect to MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, the Company granted to Acadia worldwide, exclusive licenses to develop and commercialize licensed products for such targets. 
 119 

Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of 60 million from Acadia. Acadia agreed to fund the research to identify potential licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, and the Company will equally fund with Acadia the research to identify potential licensed products for SYNGAP1. The Company is eligible to receive up to 907.5 million in potential total milestone payments based upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, first commercial sales and sales milestone events across the programs for the three targets, assuming each milestone were achieved at least once. With respect to licensed products for MECP2 and the neurodevelopmental target, the Company is also eligible to receive tiered royalties at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the mid-teens on future net sales by Acadia of licensed products worldwide. Royalties payable under the agreement are subject to standard royalty reductions. For SYNGAP1 licensed products that the Company is co-developing and co-commercializing, the Company will be responsible for 50 of the development and commercialization costs and will receive 50 of the profits from global commercialization. The Company is provided with a co-development and co-commercialization opt out option relating to the SYNGAP1 target indication at the Company s discretion. Such opt-out would reduce development and commercialization milestones but would provide the Company with royalties on an escalating basis attributable to net sales milestones. 
 Acadia Agreement Accounting 
 At the commencement of the Acadia agreement the Company identified three performance obligations consisting of pre-clinical research activities for each of the three targets, SYNGAP1, MECP2, and the undisclosed neurodevelopmental target. The exclusive or co-exclusive licenses granted to Acadia to conduct pre-clinical research activities on each of the three targets, and participation on each of the respective joint research committees were identified as promised services. However, the licenses granted to Acadia and the research activities were determined to be not distinct from each other, and therefore are considered a combined performance obligation for each of the three targets. Participation on each of the joint research committees was determined to be quantitatively and qualitatively immaterial in the context of the arrangement with Acadia. 
 The Company is recognizing the transaction price for the pre-clinical research activities for each of the three targets over time as the research services are provided. The transfer of control to Acadia occurs over this time period, and in management s judgment, is the best measure of progress towards satisfying the performance obligation. An input method is used that measures the cost incurred to date in satisfying each of the three research activities in relation to the estimated total projected cost of each of the research activities to fulfill the respective obligations. The cumulative effect of revisions to estimated costs and/or the transaction price to complete the research performance obligations will be recorded in the period in which changes are identified and amounts can be reasonably estimated. Payments or reimbursements resulting from the Company s research and development efforts were recognized as the services are performed. 
 Milestone payments that are not within the control of the Company, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. For other milestones, the Company evaluated factors such as the scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone in making this assessment. Milestones that are outside of the Company s or Acadia s control will not be recognized until such milestones are achieved. As to the other milestones, to date, no milestone payments have been included in the transaction price due the uncertainty as to whether these milestones will be achieved. The Company will at the end of each reporting period reevaluate the probability of achievement of all milestones subject to constraint and, if necessary, adjust its estimate of the overall transaction price for each of the research activities on the three targets. Any such adjustments will be recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 51.7 million in upfront consideration associated with the Acadia agreement relating to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied. shares of common stock for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the Company s 2019 Plan will increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2020 through 2029 by the number of shares equal to of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31, or a lesser number as may be determined by the Company s board of directors. 
 120 
 
 shares available for future issuance under the 2014 Plan and shares were available for future issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase and shares of common stock to certain of its employees, and directors, respectively. The options vest up to except for certain options granted to members of our board of directors which vest over or and are exercisable at a per share price equal to the fair value of the common stock on the grant date. 

8.0 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeitures 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

7.6 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

6.4 

(1) 

The weighted average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Stock-based compensation and stock options 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2014 and the 2019 Plans. The compensation is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years as of December 31, 2022. 

General and administrative 

121 

Expected life 

5.5-6.25 years 

5.5-6.25 years 

Expected volatility 

70-71 

70-73 

2019 Employee stock purchase plan 
 In June 2019, the Company adopted the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which became effective on June 18, 2019. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for sale under the ESPP. At December 31, 2022, the Company had shares available for issuance under the plan. The average grant date fair value per share under the plan was for 2022. The total ESPP stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP will increase automatically on January 1st of each of the first ten calendar years following the first offering date by the number of shares equal to the lesser of of the total outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31 or a lower amount determined by the Company s board of directors. The aggregate number of shares issued over the term of the ESPP will not exceed shares of the Company s common stock. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average number of common shares, basic 
 and diluted 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The Company s potential dilutive securities, which include common stock options and ESPP purchase rights, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Therefore, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share is the same. 

122 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Non-deductible items 

Research and development credit, net 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

Research and development tax credits 

R&D capitalized expenses 

Accrued compensation and stock compensation 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which may be available to reduce future taxable income, and expire at various dates beginning in , for those net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2018. Net operating losses generated in 2018 and beyond have no expiration. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss carry forwards of million and million, respectively, which may be available to reduce future taxable income and expire at various dates beginning in . In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, and state research and development tax credit carry forwards of million and million, respectively. Both federal and state research and development tax credit carry forwards may be available to reduce future tax liabilities and expire at various dates beginning in . In accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, management of the Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which are comprised principally of net operating loss carryforwards. Management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets and, as a result, a full valuation allowance of million and million was established at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance was an increase of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 requires companies to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures over five years for tax purposes, and foreign research and development expenditures over fifteen years for tax purposes. We will continue to monitor any potential changes or further guidance related to this provision. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 into law which contained provisions that include a 15 corporate minimum tax effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022 and a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks after December 31, 2022. The Company expects the impact of these provisions to be immaterial. 
 123 
 
 unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalty charges, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits would be classified as income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. of annual salary for those employees who are participating in the 401(k) Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made matching contributions of million and for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made matching contributions of million. 
 million shares of our common stock and received million after deducting commissions related to the Sales Agreement. 

124 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 stok-ex103_52.htm
 EX-10.3

stok-ex103_52.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
 
 S TOKE T HERAPEUTICS , I NC . 
 2019 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 1. PURPOSE . The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain, and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential contributions are important to the success of the Company, and any Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates that exist now or in the future, by offering them an opportunity to participate in the Company s future performance through the grant of Awards. Capitalized terms not defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 29. 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN . 
 (a) Number of Shares Available . Subject to Sections 2.6 and 22 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board, is Two Million Two Hundred Thousand (2,200,000) Shares, plus (a) any reserved Shares not issued or subject to outstanding awards granted under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Prior Plan on the Effective Date (as defined below), (b) Shares that are subject to awards granted under the Prior Plan that cease to be subject to such awards by forfeiture or otherwise after the Effective Date, (c) Shares issued under the Prior Plan before or after the Effective Date pursuant to the exercise of stock options that are, after the Effective Date, forfeited, (d) Shares issued under the Prior Plan that are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price, and (e) Shares that are subject to stock options or other awards under the Prior Plan that are used to pay the exercise price of an stock option or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any award. 
 (b) Lapsed, Returned Awards . Shares subject to Awards, and Shares issued under the Plan under any Award, will again be available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan to the extent such Shares: (a) are subject to issuance upon exercise of an Option or SAR granted under this Plan but which cease to be subject to the Option or SAR for any reason other than exercise of the Option or SAR, (b) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that are forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price, (c) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that otherwise terminate without such Shares being issued or (d) are surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Shares that otherwise become available for grant and issuance because of the provisions of this Section 2.2 will not include Shares subject to Awards that initially became available because of the substitution clause in Section 22.2 hereof. 
 (c) Minimum Share Reserve . At all times the Company will reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares as will be required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Awards granted under this Plan. 
 (d) Automatic Share Reserve Increase . The number of Shares available for grant and issuance under the Plan will be increased on January 1 of each of the first ten (10) calendar years during the term of the Plan by the lesser of (a) four percent (4 of the number of shares of all classes of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (b) such number of Shares determined by the Board. 
 (e) ISO Limitation . No more than Twenty-Two Million (22,000,000) Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs granted under the Plan. 
 (f) Adjustment of Shares . If the number of outstanding Shares is changed by a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or distribution (whether in cash, shares, or other property, other than a regular cash dividend), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, consolidation, reclassification, spin-off, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without consideration, then (a) the number and class of Shares reserved for issuance and future grant under the Plan set forth in Section 2.1, including Shares reserved under sub-clauses (a)-(e) of Section 2.1, (b) the Exercise Prices of and number and class of Shares subject to outstanding Options and SARs, (c) the number and class of Shares subject to other outstanding Awards and (d) the maximum number and class of Shares that may be issued as ISOs set forth in Section 2.5, will be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the Board or the stockholders of the Company and in compliance with applicable securities laws, provided that fractions of a Share will not be issued. 

If, by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.6, a Participant s Award Agreement or other agreement related to any Award, or the Shares subject to such Award, covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares, and the Award Agreement or such other agreement in respect thereof, will be subject to all of the terms, conditions, and restrictions which were applicable to the Award or the Shares subject to such Award prior to such adjustment. 
 3. ELIGIBILITY . ISOs may be granted only to Employees. All other Awards may be granted to Employees, Consultants, Directors, and Non-Employee Directors, provided that such Consultants, Directors, and Non-Employee Directors render bona fide services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. 
 4. ADMINISTRATION . 
 (a) Committee Composition; Authority . This Plan will be administered by the Committee or by the Board acting as the Committee. Subject to the general purposes, terms, and conditions of this Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full power to implement and carry out this Plan, except, however, the Board will establish the terms for the grant of an Award to Non-Employee Directors. The Committee will have the authority to: 
 (i) construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement, and any other agreement or document executed pursuant to this Plan; 
 (ii) prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan or any Award; 
 (iii) select persons to receive Awards; 
 (iv) determine the form and terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the Exercise Price, the time or times when Awards may vest and be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria) or settled, any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, the method to satisfy tax withholding obligations or any other tax liability legally due, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee will determine; 
 (v) determine the number of Shares or other consideration subject to Awards; 
 
 (vi) determine the Fair Market Value in good faith and interpret the applicable provisions of this Plan and the definition of Fair Market Value in connection with circumstances that impact the Fair Market Value, if necessary; 
 (vii) determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or any other incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate; 
 (viii) grant waivers of Plan or Award conditions; 
 (ix) determine the vesting, exercisability, and payment of Awards; 
 (x) correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement; 
 (xi) determine whether an Award has been vested and/or earned; 
 (xii) determine the terms and conditions of any, and to institute any Exchange Program; 
 (xiii) reduce or modify any criteria with respect to Performance Factors; 

(xiv) adjust Performance Factors to take into account changes in law and accounting or tax rules as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events, or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships; 
 (xv) adopt terms and conditions, rules, and/or procedures (including the adoption of any subplan under this Plan) relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate requirements of local law and procedures outside of the United States or to qualify Awards for special tax treatment under laws of jurisdictions other than the United States; 
 (xvi) exercise discretion with respect to Performance Awards; 
 (xvii) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan; and 
 (xviii) delegate any of the foregoing to a subcommittee or to one or more executive officers pursuant to a specific delegation as permitted by applicable law, including Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 (b) Committee Interpretation and Discretion . Any determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award will be made in its sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, and such determination will be final and binding on the Company and all persons having an interest in any Award under the Plan. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement will be submitted by the Participant or Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee will be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers the authority to review and resolve disputes with respect to Awards held by Participants who are not Insiders, and such resolution will be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (c) Section 16 of the Exchange Act . Awards granted to Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more non-employee directors (as defined in the regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). 
 (d) Documentation . The Award Agreement for a given Award, the Plan, and any other documents may be delivered to, and accepted by, a Participant or any other person in any manner (including electronic distribution or posting) that meets applicable legal requirements. 
 (e) Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws and practices in other countries in which the Company, its Subsidiaries, and Affiliates operate or have Employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, will have the power and authority to: (a) determine which Subsidiaries and Affiliates will be covered by the Plan; (b) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan, which may include individuals who provide services to the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate under an agreement with a foreign nation or agency; (c) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States or foreign nationals to comply with applicable foreign laws, policies, customs, and practices; (d) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures, vesting conditions, and other terms and procedures to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications will be attached to this Plan as appendices, if necessary); and (e) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals, provided, however, that no action taken under this Section 4.5 will increase the Share limitations contained in Section 2.1 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards will be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law. 
 5. OPTIONS . An Option is the right but not the obligation to purchase a Share, subject to certain conditions, if applicable. The Committee may grant Options to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and will determine whether such Options will be Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of the Code ISOs or Nonqualified Stock Options NSOs ), the number of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period during which the Option may vest and be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the Option, subject to the following terms of this section. 

(a) Option Grant . Each Option granted under this Plan will identify the Option as an ISO or an NSO. An Option may be, but need not be, awarded upon satisfaction of such Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the Option is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (a) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for each Option; and (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Options that are subject to different performance goals and other criteria. 
 (b) Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Option will be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such Option, or a specified future date. The Award Agreement and a copy of this Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable time after the granting of the Option. 
 (c) Exercise Period . Options may be vested and exercisable within the times or upon the conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement governing such Option, provided, however, that no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the Option is granted and provided further that no ISO granted to a person who, at the time the ISO is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Parent or Subsidiary Ten Percent Stockholder will be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee also may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or percentage of Shares as the Committee determines. 
 (d) Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted, provided that: (a) the Exercise Price of an Option will be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant, and (b) the Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. Payment for the Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 12 and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 (e) Method of Exercise . Any Option granted hereunder will be vested and exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (a) notice of exercise (in such form as the Committee may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option (and/or via electronic execution through the authorized third-party administrator), and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Committee and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 2.6 of the Plan. Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 
 (f) Termination of Service . If the Participant s Service terminates for any reason except for Cause or the Participant s death or Disability, then the Participant may exercise such Participant s Options only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates no later than three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter time period not less than thirty (30) days or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates deemed to be the exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (i) Death . If the Participant s Service terminates because of the Participant s death (or the Participant dies within three (3) months after Participant s Service terminates other than for Cause or because of the Participant s Disability), then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant s legal representative, or authorized assignee, no later than twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter time 

period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 
 (ii) Disability . If the Participant s Service terminates because of the Participant s Disability, then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant s legal representative or authorized assignee) no later than twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond (a) three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is not a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or (b) twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, deemed to be exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (iii) Cause. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, if the Participant s Service terminates for Cause, then Participant s Options (whether or not vested) will expire on the date of termination of Participant s Service if the Committee has reasonably determined in good faith that such cessation of Services has resulted in connection with an act or failure to act constituting Cause (or such Participant s Services could have been terminated for Cause (without regard to the lapsing of any required notice or cure periods in connection therewith) at the time such Participant terminated Services), or at such later time and on such conditions as are determined by the Committee, but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. Unless otherwise provided in an employment agreement, Award Agreement, or other applicable agreement, Cause will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 (g) Limitations on Exercise . The Committee may specify a minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of an Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent any Participant from exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for which it is then exercisable. 
 (h) Limitations on ISOs . With respect to Awards granted as ISOs, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which such ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), such Options will be treated as NSOs. For purposes of this Section 5.8, ISOs will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit will be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted after the effective date of such amendment. 
 (i) Modification, Extension or Renewal . The Committee may modify, extend, or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of new Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair any of such Participant s rights under any Option previously granted. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed, or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code. Subject to Section 19 of this Plan, by written notice to affected Participants, the Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding Options without the consent of such Participants, provided, however, that the Exercise Price may not be reduced below the Fair Market Value on the date the action is taken to reduce the Exercise Price. 
 (j) No Disqualification . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be interpreted, amended, or altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under Section 422 of the Code or, without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify any ISO under Section 422 of the Code. 
 
 6. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the Company to sell to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director Shares that are subject to restrictions Restricted Stock ). The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be made, the number of Shares the Participant may purchase, the Purchase Price, the restrictions under which the Shares will be subject, and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the Plan. 

(a) Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement . All purchases under a Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant accepts a Restricted Stock Award by signing and delivering to the Company an Award Agreement with full payment of the Purchase Price, within thirty (30) days from the date the Award Agreement was delivered to the Participant. If the Participant does not accept such Award within thirty (30) days, then the offer of such Restricted Stock Award will terminate, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 
 (b) Purchase Price . The Purchase Price for a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and may be less than Fair Market Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted. Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in accordance with Section 12 of the Plan, and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 (c) Terms of Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted Stock Awards will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose or are required by law. These restrictions may be based on completion of a specified period of Service with the Company or upon completion of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. Prior to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee will: (a) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals, if any; and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and having different performance goals and other criteria. 
 (d) Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 7. STOCK BONUS AWARDS . A Stock Bonus Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of Shares for Services to be rendered or for past Services already rendered to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate. All Stock Bonus Awards will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. No payment from the Participant will be required for Shares awarded pursuant to a Stock Bonus Award. 
 (a) Terms of Stock Bonus Awards . The Committee will determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant under a Stock Bonus Award and any restrictions thereon. These restrictions may be based upon completion of a specified period of Service with the Company or upon satisfaction of performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Stock Bonus Agreement. Prior to the grant of any Stock Bonus Award the Committee will: (a) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for the Stock Bonus Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals; and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonus Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 (b) Form of Payment to Participant . Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole Shares, or a combination thereof, based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares earned under a Stock Bonus Award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (c) Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 8. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . A Stock Appreciation Right SAR is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director that may be settled in cash or Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock) having a value equal to (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is being settled (subject to any maximum number of Shares that may be issuable as specified in an Award Agreement). All SARs will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 (a) Terms of SARs . The Committee will determine the terms of each SAR including, without limitation: (a) the number of Shares subject to the SAR, (b) the Exercise Price and the time or times during which the SAR may be settled, (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement of the SAR, and (d) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each SAR. The Exercise Price of the SAR will be determined by the Committee when the SAR is granted and may not be 

less than Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. A SAR may be awarded upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the SAR is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: i determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for each SAR; and (ii) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to SARs that are subject to different Performance Factors and other criteria. 
 (b) Exercise Period and Expiration Date . A SAR will be exercisable within the times or upon the occurrence of events determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement governing such SAR. The SAR Agreement will set forth the expiration date, provided that no SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the SAR is granted. The Committee may also provide for SARs to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise (including, without limitation, upon the attainment during a Performance Period of performance goals based on Performance Factors), in such number of Shares or percentage of the Shares subject to the SAR as the Committee determines. Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 5.6 also will apply to SARs. 
 (c) Form of Settlement . Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price, by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment from the Company for the SAR exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. The portion of a SAR being settled may be paid currently or on a deferred basis with such interest, if any, as the Committee determines, provided that the terms of the SAR and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable. 
 (d) Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . A Restricted Stock Unit RSU is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director covering a number of Shares that may be settled in cash, or by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock). All RSUs will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 (a) Terms of RSUs . The Committee will determine the terms of an RSU including, without limitation: (a) the number of Shares subject to the RSU, (b) the time or times during which the RSU may be settled, (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and (d) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each RSU, provided that no RSU will have a term longer than ten (10) years. An RSU may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. If the RSU is being earned upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (i) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for the RSU; (ii) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any; and (iii) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the RSU. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to RSUs that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 (b) Form and Timing of Settlement . Payment of earned RSUs will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. The Committee may also permit a Participant to defer payment under a RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned, provided that the terms of the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable. 
 (c) Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 

10. PERFORMANCE AWARDS . 
 (a) Types of Performance Awards . A Performance Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate that is based upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee, and may be settled in cash, Shares (which may consist of, without limitation, Restricted Stock), other property, or any combination thereof. Grants of Performance Awards will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 (i) Performance Shares . The Committee may grant Awards of Performance Shares, designate the Participants to whom Performance Shares are to be awarded, and determine the number of Performance Shares and the terms and conditions of each such Award. Performance Shares will consist of a unit valued by reference to a designated number of Shares, the value of which may be paid to the Participant by delivery of Shares or, if set forth in the instrument evidencing the Award, of such property as the Committee will determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. The amount to be paid under an Award of Performance Shares may be adjusted on the basis of such further consideration as the Committee will determine in its sole discretion. 
 (ii) Performance Units . The Committee may grant Awards of Performance Units, designate the Participants to whom Performance Units are to be awarded, and determine the number of Performance Units and the terms and conditions of each such Award. Performance Units will consist of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of property other than Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee will determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. 
 (iii) Cash-Settled Performance Awards . The Committee may also grant cash-based Performance Awards to Participants under the terms of this Plan. Such awards will be based on the attainment of performance goals using the Performance Factors within this Plan that are established by the Committee for the relevant performance period. 
 (b) Terms of Performance Awards . The Committee will determine, and each Award Agreement will set forth, the terms of each Performance Award including, without limitation: (a) the amount of any cash bonus, (b) the number of Shares deemed subject to an award of Performance Shares, (c) the Performance Factors and Performance Period that will determine the time and extent to which each award of Performance Shares will be settled, (d) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and (e) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each Performance Award. In establishing Performance Factors and the Performance Period the Committee will: (i) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period; (ii) select from among the Performance Factors to be used; and (iii) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the award of Performance Shares. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. Prior to settlement the Committee will determine the extent to which Performance Awards have been earned. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Performance Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 (c) Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 11. CASH AWARDS . A Cash Award Cash Award is an award that is denominated in, or payable to an eligible Participant solely in, cash, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan. Cash Awards shall be subject to the terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, from time to time. Awards granted pursuant to this Section 11 may be granted with value and payment contingent upon the achievement of Performance Factors. 

12. PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES . Payment from a Participant for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan may be made in cash or by check or, where expressly approved for the Participant by the Committee and where permitted by law (and to the extent not otherwise set forth in the applicable Award Agreement): 
 (i) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Participant; 
 (ii) by surrender of shares of the Company held by the Participant that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award will be exercised or settled; 
 (iii) by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary; 
 (iv) by consideration received by the Company pursuant to a broker-assisted or other form of cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; 
 
 (v) by any combination of the foregoing; or 
 (vi) by any other method of payment as is permitted by applicable law. 
 The Committee may limit the availability of any method of payment, to the extent the Committee determines, in its discretion, such limitation is necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. 
 13. GRANTS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS . 
 (a) General . Non-Employee Directors are eligible to receive any type of Award offered under this Plan except ISOs. Awards pursuant to this Section 13 may be automatically made pursuant to policy adopted by the Board, or made from time to time as determined in the discretion of the Board. No Non-Employee Director may receive Awards under the Plan that, when combined with cash compensation received for service as a Non-Employee Director, exceed five hundred thousand 500,000) in value (as described below) in any calendar year, increased to one million 1,000,000) in value (as described below) in the calendar year of his or her initial services as a Non-Employee Director. The value of Awards for purposes of complying with this maximum will be determined as follows: (a) for Options and SARs, grant date fair value will be calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation methodology on the date of grant of such Option or SAR, and (b) for all other Awards other than Options and SARs, grant date fair value will be determined by either (i) calculating the product of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant and the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Award, or (ii) calculating the product using an average of the Fair Market Value over a number of trading days and the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Award as determined by the Committee. Awards granted to an individual while he or she was serving in the capacity as an Employee or while he or she was a Consultant but not a Non-Employee Director will not count for purposes of the limitations set forth in this Section 13.1. 
 (b) Eligibility . Awards pursuant to this Section 13 will be granted only to Non-Employee Directors. A Non-Employee Director who is elected or re-elected as a member of the Board will be eligible to receive an Award under this Section 13. 
 (c) Vesting, Exercisability and Settlement . Except as set forth in Section 22, Awards will vest, become exercisable, and be settled as determined by the Board. With respect to Options and SARs, the exercise price granted to Non-Employee Directors will not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time that such Option or SAR is granted. 
 (d) Election to Receive Awards in Lieu of Cash . A Non-Employee Director may elect to receive his or her annual retainer payments and/or meeting fees from the Company in the form of cash or Awards or a combination thereof, if permitted, and as determined, by the Committee. Such Awards will be issued under the Plan. An election under this Section 13.4 will be filed with the Company on the form prescribed by the Company. 

14. WITHHOLDING TAXES . 
 (a) Withholding Generally . Whenever Shares are to be issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan or a tax event occurs, the Company may require the Participant to remit to the Company, or to the Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate, as applicable, employing the Participant an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable U.S. federal, state, local, and international tax or any other tax or social insurance liability (the Tax-Related Items legally due from the Participant prior to the delivery of Shares pursuant to exercise or settlement of any Award. Whenever payments in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan are to be made in cash, such payment will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld and such Shares will be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the previous trading day. 
 (b) Stock Withholding . The Committee, or its delegate(s), as permitted by applicable law, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time and to limitations of local law, may require or permit a Participant to satisfy such Tax Related Items legally due from the Participant, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (a) paying cash, (b) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax-Related Items to be withheld, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax-Related Items to be withheld, or (d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of otherwise deliverable Shares acquired pursuant to an Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company. The Company may withhold or account for these Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory tax rate for the applicable tax jurisdiction, to the extent consistent with applicable laws. 
 15. TRANSFERABILITY . Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. If the Committee makes an Award transferable, including, without limitation, by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the Awards are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustor (settlor) or by gift or by domestic relations order to a Permitted Transferee, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Committee deems appropriate. All Awards will be exercisable: (a) during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative; (b) after the Participant s death, by the legal representative of the Participant s heirs or legatees; and (c) in the case of all awards except ISOs, by a Permitted Transferee. 
 16. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP; RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES . 
 (a) Voting and Dividends . No Participant will have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued to the Participant, except for any Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement. Any Dividend Equivalent Rights will be subject to the same vesting or performance conditions as the underlying Award. In addition, the Committee may provide that any Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement will be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant will be a stockholder and have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares; provided , that if such Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities the Participant may become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company will be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock; provided , further , that the Participant will have no right to such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Unvested Shares, and any such dividends or stock distributions will be accrued and paid only at such time, if any, as such Unvested Shares become vested Shares. The Committee, in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Award that the Participant will be entitled to Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares underlying an Award during the period beginning on the date the Award is granted and ending, with respect to each Share subject to the Award, on the earlier of the date on which the Award is exercised or settled or the date on which it is forfeited; provided , that no Dividend Equivalent Right will be paid with respect to the Unvested Shares, and such dividends or stock distributions will be accrued and paid only at such time, if any, as such Unvested Shares become vested Shares. Such Dividend Equivalent Rights, if any, will be credited to the Participant in the form of additional whole Shares as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Shares. 

(b) Restrictions on Shares . At the discretion of the Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) a right to repurchase (a Right of Repurchase a portion of any or all Unvested Shares held by a Participant following such Participant s termination of Service at any time within ninety (90) days (or such longer or shorter time determined by the Committee) after the later of the date Participant s Service terminates and the date the Participant purchases Shares under this Plan, for cash and/or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at the Participant s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
 17. CERTIFICATES . All Shares or other securities whether or not certificated, delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer orders, legends, and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, including restrictions under any applicable U.S. federal, state, or foreign securities law, or any rules, regulations, and other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed or quoted, and any non-U.S. exchange controls or securities law restrictions to which the Shares are subject. 
 18. ESCROW; PLEDGE OF SHARES . To enforce any restrictions on a Participant s Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so purchased as collateral to secure the payment of the Participant s obligation to the Company under the promissory note, provided, however, that the Committee may require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the payment of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse against the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of the Participant s Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of the Shares, the Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time approve. The Shares purchased with the promissory note may be released from the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note is paid. 
 19. REPRICING; EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS . Without prior stockholder approval the Committee may (a) reprice Options or SARs (and where such repricing is a reduction in the Exercise Price of outstanding Options or SARs, the consent of the affected Participants is not required provided written notice is provided to them, notwithstanding any adverse tax consequences to them arising from the repricing), and (b) with the consent of the respective Participants (unless not required pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Plan), pay cash or issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of any, or all, outstanding Awards. 
 20. SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE . An Award will not be effective unless such Award is in compliance with all applicable U.S. and foreign federal and state securities and exchange control and other laws, rules, and regulations of any governmental body, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on the date of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates for Shares under this Plan prior to: (a) obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or advisable and/or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state, federal, or foreign law or ruling of any governmental body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance with the registration, qualification, or listing requirements of any foreign or state securities laws, exchange control laws, stock exchange, or automated quotation system, and the Company will have no liability for any inability or failure to do so. 
 21. NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY . Nothing in this Plan or any Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate to terminate Participant s employment or other relationship at any time. 
 22. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS . 
 (a) Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor . In the event of a Corporate Transaction any or all outstanding Awards may be assumed, converted, replaced, or substituted by the successor corporation, which assumption, 

conversion, replacement or substitution will be binding on all Participants. In the event of a substitution, the successor corporation may substitute equivalent Awards or provide substantially similar consideration to Participants as was provided to stockholders (after taking into account the existing provisions of the Awards). The successor corporation may also issue, as replacement of outstanding Shares of the Company held by the Participant, substantially similar shares or other property subject to repurchase restrictions no less favorable to the Participant. In the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, then notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan to the contrary, such Awards shall have their vesting accelerate as to all Shares or cash subject to such Awards (and any applicable right of repurchase shall fully lapse) immediately prior to the Corporate Transaction and all such Awards shall expire on such Corporate Transaction at such time and on such conditions as the Board will determine. In addition, in the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace, or substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, the Committee will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that such Participant s Award will, if exercisable, be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Award will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Awards need not all be treated in the same manner in a Corporate Transaction, and treatment may vary from Award to Award and/or from Participant to Participant. 
 (b) Assumption of Awards by the Company . The Company, from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either: (a) granting an Award under this Plan in substitution of such other company s award, or (b) assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms of such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted under this Plan. Such substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan if the other company had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the event the Company assumes an award granted by another company, the terms and conditions of such award will remain unchanged except that the Purchase Price or the Exercise Price, as the case may be, and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise or settlement of any such Award will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code). In the event the Company elects to grant a new Option in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such new Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price. Substitute Awards will not reduce the number of Shares authorized for grant under the Plan or authorized for grant to a Participant in a calendar year. 
 (c) Non-Employee Directors Awards . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, the vesting of all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors will accelerate and such Awards will become exercisable (as applicable) in full prior to the consummation of such event at such times and on such conditions as the Committee determines. 
 
 23. ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL . This Plan will be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders, consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months before or after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 24. TERM OF PLAN/GOVERNING LAW . Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date and will terminate ten (10) years from the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding its conflict of laws rules). 
 25. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN . The Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including, without limitation, amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be executed pursuant to this Plan, provided, however, that the Board will not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, amend this Plan in any manner that requires such stockholder approval, provided further that a Participant s Award will be governed by the version of this Plan then in effect at the time such Award was granted. No termination or amendment of the Plan will affect any then-outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Committee. In any event, no termination or amendment of the Plan or any outstanding Award may adversely affect any then outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant, unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, or rule. 
 26. NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN . Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, 

including, without limitation, the granting of stock awards and bonuses otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 27. INSIDER TRADING POLICY . Each Participant who receives an Award will comply with any policy adopted by the Company from time to time covering transactions in the Company s securities by Employees, officers, and/or Directors of the Company, as well as with any applicable insider trading or market abuse laws to which the Participant may be subject. 
 28. ALL AWARDS SUBJECT TO COMPANY CLAWBACK OR RECOUPMENT POLICY . All Awards, subject to applicable law, will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other service with the Company that is applicable to officers, Employees, Directors or other service providers of the Company, and in addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, may require the cancellation of outstanding Awards and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Awards. 
 29. DEFINITIONS . As used in this Plan, and except as elsewhere defined herein, the following terms will have the following meanings: 
 (a) Affiliate means (a) any entity that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls, or is under common control with, the Company, and (b) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee, whether now or hereafter existing. 
 
 (b) Award means any award under the Plan, including any Option, Performance Award, Cash Award, Restricted Stock, Stock Bonus, Stock Appreciation Right, or Restricted Stock Unit. 
 (c) Award Agreement means, with respect to each Award, the written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award, and country-specific appendix thereto for grants to non-U.S. Participants, which will be in substantially a form (which need not be the same for each Participant) that the Committee (or in the case of Award agreements that are not used for Insiders, the Committee s delegate(s)) has from time to time approved, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Cash Award means an award as defined in Section 11 and granted under the Plan. 
 (f) Cause means a determination by the Company that the Participant has committed an act or acts constituting any of the following: (i) dishonesty, fraud, misconduct or negligence in connection with Participant s duties to the Company, (ii) unauthorized disclosure or use of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, (iii) misappropriation of a business opportunity of the Company, (iv) materially aiding Company competitor, (v) a felony conviction, (vi) failure or refusal to attend to the duties or obligations of the Participant s position (vii) violation or breach of, or failure to comply with, the Company s code of ethics or conduct, any of the Company s rules, policies or procedures applicable to the Participant or any agreement in effect between the Company and the Participant or (viii) other conduct by such Participant that could be expected to be harmful to the business, interests or reputation of the Company. The determination as to whether Cause for a Participant s termination exists will be made in good faith by the Company and will be final and binding on the Participant. This definition does not in any way limit the Company s or any Parent s or Subsidiary s ability to terminate a Participant s employment or services at any time as provided in Section 21 above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing definition of Cause may, in part or in whole, be modified or replaced in each individual employment agreement, Award Agreement, or other applicable agreement with any Participant, provided that such document supersedes the definition provided in this Section 29.6. 
 (g) Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (h) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or those persons to whom administration of the Plan, or part of the Plan, has been delegated as permitted by law. 

i Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 (j) Company means Stoke Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor corporation. 
 (k) Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor or independent contractor, engaged by the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate to render services to such entity. 
 (l) Corporate Transaction means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) any Person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then-outstanding voting securities, provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (a) the acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the securities of the Company will not be considered a Corporate Transaction; (b) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; (c) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; (d) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company), or (e) a change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purpose of this subclause (e), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Corporate Transaction. For purposes of this definition, Persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase, or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Corporate Transaction, such amount will become payable only if the event constituting a Corporate Transaction would also qualify as a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. 
 (m) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (n) Disability means in the case of incentive stock options, total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and in the case of other Awards, that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 
 (o) Dividend Equivalent Right means the right of a Participant, granted at the discretion of the Committee or as otherwise provided by the Plan, to receive a credit for the account of such Participant in an amount equal to the cash, stock, or other property dividends in amounts equal equivalent to cash, stock, or other property dividends for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. 
 (p) Effective Date means the day immediately prior to the Company s IPO Registration Date, subject to approval of the Plan by the Company s stockholders. 
 (q) Employee means any person, including officers and Directors, providing services as an employee to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 (r) Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(s) Exchange Program means a program pursuant to which (a) outstanding Awards are surrendered, cancelled, or exchanged for cash, the same type of Award, or a different Award (or combination thereof); or (b) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. 
 (t) Exercise Price means, with respect to an Option, the price at which a holder may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of an Option and with respect to a SAR, the price at which the SAR is granted to the holder thereof. 
 (u) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a Share, determined as follows: 
 (i) if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; 
 (ii) if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; 
 (iii) in the case of an Option or SAR grant made on the IPO Registration Date, the price per share at which Shares are initially offered for sale to the public by the Company s underwriters in the initial public offering of Shares as set forth in the Company s final prospectus included within the registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC under the Securities Act; or 
 (iv) by the Board or the Committee in good faith. 
 (v) Insider means an officer or Director of the Company or any other person whose transactions in the Company s Common Stock are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (w) IPO Registration Date means the date on which the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 in connection with its initial public offering of common stock is declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. 
 (x) IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 (y) Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an Employee of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate. 
 (z) Option means an award of an option to purchase Shares pursuant to Section 5. 
 (aa) Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of such corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 (bb) Participant means a person who holds an Award under this Plan. 
 (cc) Performance Award means an Award as defined in Section 10 and granted under the Plan, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals established by the Committee. 
 
 (dd) Performance Factors means any of the factors selected by the Committee and specified in an Award Agreement, from among the following measures, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to the Company as a whole or any business unit or Subsidiary, either individually, alternatively, or in any combination, on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, and measured, to the extent applicable on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to determine whether the performance goals established by the Committee with respect to applicable Awards have been satisfied: 

i profit before tax; 
 (ii) billings; 
 (iii) revenue; 
 (iv) net revenue; 
 (v) earnings (which may include earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes, net earnings, stock-based compensation expenses, depreciation, and amortization); 
 (vi) operating income; 
 (vii) operating margin; 
 (viii) operating profit; 
 (ix) controllable operating profit or net operating profit; 
 (x) net profit; 
 (xi) gross margin; 
 (xii) operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue; 
 (xiii) net income; 
 (xiv) earnings per share; 
 (xv) total stockholder return; 
 (xvi) market share; 
 (xvii) return on assets or net assets; 
 (xviii) the Company s stock price; 
 (xix) growth in stockholder value relative to a pre-determined index; 
 (xx) return on equity; 
 (xxi) return on invested capital; 
 (xxii) cash flow (including free cash flow or operating cash flows); 
 
 (xxiii) cash conversion cycle; 
 (xxiv) economic value added; 
 (xxv) individual confidential business objectives; 
 (xxvi) contract awards or backlog; 
 (xxvii) overhead or other expense reduction; 

(xxviii) credit rating; 
 (xxix) strategic plan development and implementation; 
 (xxx) succession plan development and implementation; 
 (xxxi) improvement in workforce diversity; 
 (xxxii) customer indicators and/or satisfaction; 
 (xxxiii) new product invention or innovation; 
 (xxxiv) attainment of research and development milestones; 
 (xxxv) improvements in productivity; 
 (xxxvi) bookings; 
 (xxxvii) attainment of objective operating goals and employee metrics; 
 (xxxviii) sales; 
 (xxxix) expenses; 
 (xl) balance of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities; 
 (xli) completion of an identified special project; 
 (xlii) completion of a joint venture or other corporate transaction; 
 (xliii) employee satisfaction and/or retention; 
 (xliv) research and development expenses; 
 (xlv) working capital targets and changes in working capital; and 
 (xlvi) any other metric that is capable of measurement as determined by the Committee. 
 The Committee may provide for one or more equitable adjustments to the Performance Factors to preserve the Committee s original intent regarding the Performance Factors at the time of the initial award grant, such as but not limited to, adjustments in recognition of unusual or non-recurring items such as acquisition related activities or changes in applicable accounting rules. It is within the sole discretion of the Committee to make or not make any such equitable adjustments. 
 
 (ee) Performance Period means one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Factors will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to, and the payment of, a Performance Award. 
 (ff) Performance Share means an Award as defined in Section 10 and granted under the Plan, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals established by the Committee. 
 (gg) Performance Unit means an Award as defined in Section 10 and granted under the Plan, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals established by the Committee. 
 (hh) Permitted Transferee means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships) of the Employee, any person sharing the Employee s household (other than a tenant or 

employee), a trust in which these persons (or the Employee) have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Employee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Employee) own more than 50 of the voting interests. 
 (ii) Plan means this Stoke Therapeutics, Inc., 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (jj) Purchase Price means the price to be paid for Shares acquired under the Plan, other than Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option or SAR. 
 (kk) Restricted Stock Award means an Award as defined in Section 6 and granted under the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 (ll) Restricted Stock Unit means an Award as defined in Section 9 and granted under the Plan. 
 (mm) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (nn) Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (oo) Service will mean service as an Employee, Consultant, Director, or Non-Employee Director, to the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate, subject to such further limitations as may be set forth in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement. An Employee will not be deemed to have ceased to provide Service in the case of (a) sick leave, (b) military leave, or (c) any other leave of absence approved by the Company, provided that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, an Employee will not be deemed to have ceased to provide Service if a formal policy adopted from time to time by the Company and issued and promulgated to employees in writing provides otherwise. In the case of any Employee on an approved leave of absence or a reduction in hours worked (for illustrative purposes only, a change in schedule from that of full-time to part-time), the Committee may make such provisions respecting suspension or modification of vesting of the Award while on leave from the employ of the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate or during such change in working hours as it may deem appropriate, except that in no event may an Award be exercised after the expiration of the term set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In the event of military or other protected leave, if required by applicable laws, vesting will continue for the longest period that vesting continues under any other statutory or Company approved leave of absence and, upon a Participant s returning from military leave, he or she will be given vesting credit with respect to Awards to the same extent as would have applied had the Participant continued to provide Service to the Company throughout the leave on the same terms as he or she was providing Service immediately prior to such leave. An employee will have terminated employment as of the date he or she ceases to provide Service (regardless of whether the termination is in breach of local employment laws or is later found to be invalid) and employment will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave mandated by local law, provided, however , that a change in status from an Employee to a Consultant or Non-Employee Director (or vice versa) will not terminate the Participant s Service, unless determined by the Committee, in its discretion. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to provide Service and the effective date on which the Participant ceased to provide Service. 
 (pp) Shares means shares of the Common Stock and the common stock of any successor entity of the Company. 
 (qq) Stock Appreciation Right means an Award defined in Section 8 and granted under the Plan. 
 (rr) Stock Bonus means an Award defined in Section 7 and granted under the Plan. 
 (ss) Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 (tt) Treasury Regulations means regulations promulgated by the United States Treasury Department. 
 (uu) Unvested Shares means Shares that have not yet vested or are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company (or any successor thereto). 

STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same meanings in this Notice of Stock Option Grant and the electronic representation of this Notice of Stock Option Grant established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (this Notice ). 
 Name : 
 Address : 
 You (the Participant have been granted an option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Option under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice, and the Stock Option Award Agreement (the Option Agreement ), including any applicable country-specific provisions in any appendix attached hereto (the Appendix ), which constitutes part of the Option Agreement. 

Grant Number : 

Date of Grant : 

Vesting Commencement Date : 

Exercise Price per Share : 

Total Number of Shares : 

Type of Option: 

Non-Qualified Stock Option 

Incentive Stock Option 

Expiration Date: 

, 20 ; the Option expires earlier if Participant s Service terminates earlier, as described in the Option Agreement. 

Vesting Schedule: 

Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan, and the Agreement, the Option will vest in accordance with the following schedule: [ insert applicable vesting schedule ] 

By accepting (whether in writing, electronically, or otherwise) the Option, Participant acknowledges and agrees to the following: 

1) 
 
 Participant understands that Participant s Service with the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time i.e. , is at-will except where otherwise prohibited by applicable law, and that nothing in this Notice, the Option Agreement, or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the Option pursuant to this Notice is subject to Participant s continuing Service as an Employee, Director, or Consultant. Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event that Participant s Service status changes between full- and part-time and/or in the event the Participant is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. Furthermore, the period during which Participant may exercise the Option after termination of Service, if any, will commence on the Termination Date (as defined in the Option Agreement). 

2) 
 
 This grant is made under and governed by the Plan, the Agreement, and this Notice, and this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Participant has read the Notice, the Option Agreement and, the Plan. 

3) 
 
 Participant has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 

4) 
 
 By accepting the Option, Participant consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Option Agreement. 

PARTICIPANT 

STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Signature: 

By: 

Print Name: 

Its: 

STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Unless otherwise defined in this Stock Option Award Agreement (this Option Agreement ), any capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 Participant has been granted an option to purchase Shares (the Option of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), subject to the terms, restrictions, and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice ), and this Option Agreement, including any applicable country-specific provisions in any appendix attached hereto (the Appendix ), which constitutes part of this Option Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of the Notice or this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 1. Vesting Rights . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, the Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event Participant s Service status changes between full and part-time and/or in the event Participant is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the Option pursuant to this Notice and Agreement is subject to Participant s continuing Service as an Employee, Director, or Consultant. 
 2. Grant of Option . Participant has been granted an Option for the number of Shares set forth in the Notice at the exercise price per Share in U.S. Dollars set forth in the Notice (the Exercise Price ). If designated in the Notice as an Incentive Stock Option ISO ), the Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code. However, if the Option is intended to be an ISO, to the extent that it exceeds the U.S. 100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option NSO ). 
 3. Termination Period . 
 (a) General Rule . If Participant s Service terminates for any reason except death or Disability, and other than for Cause, then the Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date three (3) months after Participant s Termination Date (as defined below) (or such shorter time period not less than thirty (30) days or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates deemed to be the exercise of an NSO). The Company determines when Participant s Service terminates for all purposes under this Option Agreement. 
 (b) Death; Disability . If Participant dies before Participant s Service terminates (or Participant dies within three (3) months of Participant s termination of Service other than for Cause), then the Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve (12) months after the date of death (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, subject to the expiration details in Section 7). If Participant s Service terminates because of Participant s Disability, then the Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve (12) months after Participant s Termination Date (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, subject to the expiration details in Section 7). 
 (c) Cause . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Option (whether or not vested) will terminate immediately upon the Participant s cessation of Services if the Company reasonably determines in good faith that such cessation of Services has resulted in connection with an act or failure to act constituting Cause (or the Participant s Services could have been terminated for Cause (without regard to the lapsing of any required notice or cure periods in connection therewith) at the time the Participant terminated Services). 
 (d) No Notification of Exercise Periods . Participant is responsible for keeping track of these exercise periods following Participant s termination of Service for any reason. The Company will not provide further notice of such periods. In no event will the Option be exercised later than the Expiration Date set forth in the Notice. 

(e) Termination . For purposes of this Option, Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer providing Services to the Company, its Parent or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any) (the Termination Date ). The Committee will have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of Participant s Option (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). Unless otherwise provided in this Option Agreement or determined by the Company, Participant s right to vest in this Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of the Termination Date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , Participant s period of services would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any). Following the Termination Date, Participant may exercise the Option only as set forth in the Notice and this Section, provided that the period (if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after the Termination Date, if any, will commence on the date Participant ceases to provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any. If Participant does not exercise this Option within the termination period set forth in the Notice or the termination periods set forth above, the Option will terminate in its entirety. In no event, may any Option be exercised after the Expiration Date of the Option as set forth in the Notice. 
 4. Exercise of Option . 
 (a) Right to Exercise . The Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. In the event of Participant s death, Disability, termination for Cause, or other cessation of Service, the exercisability of the Option is governed by the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. The Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 
 (b) Method of Exercise . The Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in a form specified by the Company (the Exercise Notice ), which will state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares ), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be delivered in person, by mail, via electronic mail or facsimile or by other authorized method to the Secretary of the Company or other person designated by the Company. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares together with any applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 8 below). The Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by such aggregate Exercise Price and payment of any applicable Tax-Related Items. No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Option unless such issuance and exercise complies with all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange or quotation service upon which the Shares are then listed. Assuming such compliance, for United States income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 
 
 (c) Exercise by Another . If another person wants to exercise the Option after it has been transferred to him or her in compliance with this Option Agreement, that person must prove to the Company s satisfaction that he or she is entitled to exercise the Option. That person must also complete the proper Exercise Notice form (as described above) and pay the Exercise Price (as described below) and any applicable Tax-Related Items (as described below). 
 5. Method of Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant: 
 (a) Participant s personal check (or readily available funds), wire transfer, or a cashier s check; 
 (b) certificates for shares of Company stock that Participant owns, along with any forms needed to effect a transfer of those shares to the Company; the value of the shares, determined as of the effective date of the Option exercise, will be applied to the Exercise Price. Instead of surrendering shares of Company stock, Participant may attest to the ownership of those shares on a form provided by the Company and have the same number of shares subtracted from the Option shares issued to Participant. However, Participant may not surrender, or attest to the ownership of, shares of Company 

stock in payment of the Exercise Price of Participant s Option if Participant s action would cause the Company to recognize compensation expense (or additional compensation expense) with respect to this Option for financial reporting purposes; 
 (c) cashless exercise through irrevocable directions to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell all or part of the Shares covered by the Option and to deliver to the Company from the sale proceeds an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price and any applicable Tax-Related Items. The balance of the sale proceeds, if any, will be delivered to Participant. The directions must be given by signing a special notice of exercise form provided by the Company; or 
 (d) other method authorized by the Company; 
 provided, however, that the Company may restrict the available methods of payment due to facilitate compliance with applicable law or administration of the Plan. In particular, if Participant is located outside the United States, Participant should review the applicable provisions of the Appendix for any such restrictions that may currently apply. 
 6. Non-Transferability of Option . The Option may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant or unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a case-by-case basis. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns of Participant. 
 7. Term of Option . The Option will in any event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice, which date is ten (10) years after the Date of Grant (five (5) years after the Date of Grant if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and Section 5.3 of the Plan applies). 
 8. Taxes . 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate employing or retaining Participant (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, or other tax related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Option; the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise; and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Option to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER APPROPRIATELY QUALIFIED IN THE COUNTRY OR COUNTRIES IN WHICH PARTICIPANT RESIDES OR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION. 
 (b) Withholding. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following, all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable: 

(i) 
 
 withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer; or 

(ii) 
 
 withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of this Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent); 

(iii) 
 
 withholding Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option, provided the Company only withholds the number of Shares necessary to satisfy no more than the maximum applicable statutory withholding amounts; 

(iv) 
 
 Participant s payment of a cash amount (including by check representing readily available funds or a wire transfer); or 

(v) 
 
 any other arrangement approved by the Committee and permitted under applicable law. 

provided, however, that if Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) shall establish the method of withholding from alternatives (i) (v) above prior to the Tax-Related Items withholding event. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory rate for Participant s tax jurisdiction(s) in which case Participant will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares and will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash in accordance with applicable law. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Exercised Shares; notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of satisfying the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, Participant agrees to pay to the Company and/or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if Participant fails to comply with Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 (c) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in the United States and sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to an ISO on or before the later of (i) two (2) years after the grant date, or (ii) one (1) year after the exercise date, Participant will immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Participant agrees that he or she may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized from such early disposition of ISO Shares by payment in cash or out any wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer. 
 9. Nature of Grant . By accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary, and occasional, and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future options or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 
 (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
 (e) the Option and Participant s participation in the Plan will not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Employer, and will not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Participant s employment or service relationship (if any); 
 (f) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 

(g) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement, or welfare benefits or similar payments; 
 (h) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option, and the Shares subject to the Option, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate; 
 (i) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty; if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value; if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease, even below the Exercise Price; 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from Participant s termination of Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate; waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim; and releases the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant will be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; 
 (k) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Option Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Shares; an 
 (l) neither the Employer, the Company, or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise 
 (m) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States: 

(i) 
 
 the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; and 

(ii) 
 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercised. 

10. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant acknowledges, understands, and agrees that he or she should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 11. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Option Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to the stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time or its affiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, the stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time, and its affiliates, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 12. Language . If Participant has received this Option Agreement, or any other document related to the Option and/or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 13. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Option Agreement, the Option will be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Option Agreement for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Option Agreement. 
 14. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Option, and on any Shares purchased upon exercise of the Option, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 15. Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the Option is granted under and governed by the Notice, this Option Agreement and the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (b) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 16. Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights . This Option Agreement, the Plan, and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No adverse modification of, or adverse amendment to, this Option Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights 

under this Option Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Option Agreement (which writing and signing may be electronic). The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Option Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 
 17. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares and the sale of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state, federal, local and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Shares may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal, or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Option Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this Option Agreement will be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 18. Severability . If one or more provisions of this Option Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision will be excluded from this Option Agreement, (b) the balance of this Option Agreement will be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Option Agreement will be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 19. Governing Law and Venue . This Option Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto will be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to such state s conflict of laws rules. 
 Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from this Option Agreement, or relating to, concerning or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Plan or this Option Agreement, will be brought and heard exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts or the Massachusetts Superior Court, Middlesex County. Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts; hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 20. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Option Agreement will affect in any manner whatsoever any right or power of the Employer or the Company to terminate Participant s Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 21. Consent to Electronic Delivery of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By Participant s acceptance of the Notice (whether in writing or electronically), Participant and the Company agree that the Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing the Notice and Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence address. By acceptance of the Option, Participant agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and consents to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements), or other communications or information related to the Option and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Participant acknowledges that Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Participant contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Participant further acknowledges that Participant will be provided with a paper copy 

of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, Participant understands that Participant must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, Participant understands that Participant s consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Finally, Participant understands that Participant is not required to consent to electronic delivery if local laws prohibit such consent. 
 22. Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in Participant s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and understands that Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor on such matters. In addition, Participant acknowledges that he or she has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 23. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Option will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other Service that is applicable to Participant. In addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, the Company may require the cancellation of Participant s Option (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Participant s Option. 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS OPTION, PARTICIPANT AGREES TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

APPENDIX 
 STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to Participant under the Plan if Participant resides and/or works in one of the countries below. This Appendix forms part of the Option Agreement. Any capitalized term used in this Appendix without definition will have the meaning ascribed to it in the Notice, the Option Agreement, or the Plan, as applicable. 
 If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country, or is considered resident of a country, other than the one in which Participant is currently working, or Participant transfers employment and/or residency between countries after the Date of Grant, the Company will, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the additional terms and conditions included herein will apply to Participant under these circumstances. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information relating to exchange control, securities laws, foreign asset/account reporting, and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, foreign asset/account reporting, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of June 4, 2019. Such laws are complex and change frequently. As a result, Participant should not rely on the information herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that Participant exercises the Option, sells Shares acquired under the Plan, or takes any other action in connection with the Plan. 
 In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country, or is considered resident of a country, other than the one in which Participant is currently working and/or residing, or Participant transfers employment and/or residency after the Date of Grant, the information contained herein may not apply to Participant in the same manner. 

APPENDIX 
 STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 None 

FORM 
 STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and the electronic representation of this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (this Notice ). 

Name: 

Address: 

You (the Participant have been granted an award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), including any applicable country-specific provisions in any appendix attached hereto (the Appendix ), which constitutes part of the Agreement. 

Grant Number : 

Number of RSUs: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Expiration Date: 

The earlier to occur of: (a) the date on which settlement of all RSUs granted hereunder occurs, and (b) the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. This RSU expires earlier if Participant s Service terminates earlier, as described in the Agreement. 

Vesting Schedule: 

Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan, and the Agreement, the RSUs will vest in accordance with the following schedule: [ insert applicable vesting schedule ] 

By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the RSUs, Participant acknowledges and agrees to the following: 

1) 
 
 Participant understands that Participant s Service with the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time i.e. , is at-will ), except where otherwise prohibited by applicable law, and that nothing in this Notice, the Agreement, or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to this Notice is subject to Participant s continuing Service as an Employee, Director or Consultant. Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event that Participant s Service status changes between full- and part-time and/or in the event the Participant is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. 

2) 
 
 This grant is made under and governed by the Plan, the Agreement, and this Notice, and this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Participant has read the Notice, the Agreement, and the Plan. 

3) 
 
 Participant has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 

4) 
 
 By accepting the RSUs, Participant consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Agreement. 

PARTICIPANT 

STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Signature: 

By: 

Print Name: 

Its: 

FORM 
 STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Unless otherwise defined in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), any capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 Participant has been granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs subject to the terms, restrictions, and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice ), and this Agreement, including any applicable country-specific provisions in any appendix attached hereto (the Appendix ), which constitutes part of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of the Notice or this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 1. Settlement . Settlement of RSUs will be made within thirty (30) days following the applicable date of vesting under the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice. Settlement of RSUs will be in Shares. No fractional RSUs or rights for fractional Shares will be created pursuant to this Agreement. 
 2. No Stockholder Rights . Unless and until such time as Shares are issued in settlement of vested RSUs, Participant will have no ownership of the Shares allocated to the RSUs and will have no rights to dividends or to vote such Shares. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividends, if any (whether in cash or Shares), will not be credited to Participant. 
 4. Non-Transferability of RSUs . The RSUs and any interest therein will not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order or unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a case-by-case basis. 
 5. Termination; Leave of Absence; Change in Status . If Participant s Service terminates for any reason, all unvested RSUs will be forfeited to the Company immediately, and all rights of Participant to such RSUs automatically terminate without payment of any consideration to Participant. Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer providing services (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any) and will not, subject to the laws applicable to Participant s Award, be extended by any notice period mandated under local laws (e.g., Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period). Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event Participant s service status changes between full- and part-time status and/or in the event Participant is on an approved leave of absence in accordance the Company s policies relating to work schedules and vesting of awards or as determined by the Committee. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the Shares pursuant to this Notice and Agreement is subject to Participant s continued Service. In case of any dispute as to whether termination of Service has occurred, the Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether such termination of Service has occurred and the effective date of such termination (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). 
 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Participant (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs and the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant 

is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER APPROPRIATELY QUALIFIED IN THE COUNTRY OR COUNTRIES IN WHICH PARTICIPANT RESIDES OR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION. 
 (b) Withholding . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable: 

(i) 
 
 withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer; or 

(ii) 
 
 withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the RSUs either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent); 

(iii) 
 
 withholding Shares to be issued upon settlement of the RSUs, provided the Company only withholds the number of Shares necessary to satisfy no more than the maximum applicable statutory withholding amounts; 

(iv) 
 
 Participant s payment of a cash amount (including by check representing readily available funds or a wire transfer); or 

(v) 
 
 any other arrangement approved by the Committee and permitted under applicable law; 

provided however, that if Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) will establish the method of withholding from alternatives (i)-(v) above prior to the Tax-Related Items withholding event, and unless determined otherwise by the Committee in advance of a Tax-Related Items withholding event, the method of withholding for this RSU will be (ii) above. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory rate for Participant s tax jurisdiction(s) in which case Participant will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares and will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash in accordance with applicable law. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of satisfying the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, Participant agrees to pay to the Company and/or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if Participant fails to comply with Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 7. Nature of Grant . By accepting the RSUs, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
 (b) the grant of the RSUs is exceptional, voluntary, and occasional, and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted in the past; 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future RSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 
 (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

(e) the RSUs and Participant s participation in the Plan will not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Employer and will not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Participant s employment or service relationship (if any ); 
 (f) the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
 (g) the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement, or welfare benefits or similar payments; 
 (h) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSUs, and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate; 
 (i) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the RSUs resulting from Participant s termination of Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate; waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim; and releases the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant will be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; 
 (k) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Shares; and 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States: 
 
 (i) the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; 
 (ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 8. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees he or she should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 9. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other RSU grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to the stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time or its affiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, the stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time, and its affiliates, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant RSUs or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 10. Language . If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the RSU and/or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 11. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the RSUs will be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 12. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 13. Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the Notice, this Agreement, and the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (b) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accepts the RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 14. Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement, the Plan, and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No adverse modification of or adverse amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement (which writing and signing may be electronic). The 

failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 
 15. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares and the sale of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state, federal, local and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Shares may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal, or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this RSU Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this RSU Agreement will be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 16. Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision will be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement will be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Agreement will be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 17. Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto will be governed, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to such state s conflict of laws rules. 
 Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from this Agreement, or relating to, concerning, or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Plan or this Agreement, will be brought and heard exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts or the Massachusetts Superior Court, Middlesex County. Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts; hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 18. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement will affect in any manner whatsoever any right or power of the Employer or the Company to terminate Participant s Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 19. Consent to Electronic Delivery of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By Participant s acceptance of the Notice (whether in writing or electronically), Participant and the Company agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Notice and Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence address. By acceptance of the RSUs, Participant agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and consents to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements), or other communications or information related to the RSUs and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Participant acknowledges that Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Participant contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Participant further acknowledges that Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, Participant understands that Participant must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. 

Also, Participant understands that Participant s consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Finally, Participant understands that Participant is not required to consent to electronic delivery if local laws prohibit such consent. 
 20. Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in Participant s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and understands that Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor on such matters. In addition, Participant acknowledges that he or she read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 21. Code Section 409A . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of employment will be determined consistent with the rules relating to a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder Section 409A ). Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the extent any payments provided under this RSU Agreement in connection with Participant s termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and Participant is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such payment will not be made or commence until the earlier of (a) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from Participant s separation from service to the Employer or the Company, or (b) the date of Participant s death following such a separation from service; provided, however, that such deferral will only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Participant including, without limitation, the additional tax for which Participant would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of such a deferral. To the extent any payment under this RSU Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment will be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 22. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the RSUs will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or 
 
 recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other Service that is applicable to Participant. In addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, the Company may require the cancellation of Participant s RSUs (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Participant s RSUs. 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS AWARD OF RSUS, PARTICIPANT AGREES TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

APPENDIX 
 STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSUs granted to Participant under the Plan if Participant resides and/or works in one of the countries below. This Appendix forms part of the Agreement. Any capitalized term used in this Appendix without definition will have the meaning ascribed to it in the Notice, the Agreement, or the Plan, as applicable. 
 If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country, or is considered resident of a country, other than the one in which Participant is currently working, or Participant transfers employment and/or residency between countries after the Date of Grant, the Company will, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the additional terms and conditions included herein will apply to Participant under these circumstances. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information relating to exchange control, securities laws, foreign asset/account reporting, and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, foreign asset/account reporting, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of June 4, 2019. Such laws are complex and change frequently. As a result, Participant should not rely on the information herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that Participant vests in the RSUs, sells Shares acquired under the Plan, or takes any other action in connection with the Plan. 
 In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country, or is considered resident of a country, other than the one in which Participant is currently working and/or residing, or Participant transfers employment and/or residency after the Date of Grant, the information contained herein may not apply to Participant in the same manner. 

APPENDIX 
 STOKE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 None 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 stok-ex231_205.htm
 EX-23.1

stok-ex231_205.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-232191, 333-237345, 333-254499, and 333-263531) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-265107) on Form S-3, of our report dated March 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 stok-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

stok-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Edward M. Kaye, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) f or the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 /s/ Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 
 Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 stok-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

stok-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen J. Tulipano, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: March 6, 2023 
 /s/ Stephen J. Tulipano, CPA 
 Stephen J. Tulipano, CPA 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 stok-ex321_10.htm
 EX-32.1

stok-ex321_10.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Edward M. Kaye, Chief Executive Officer of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 

Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 stok-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

stok-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen J. Tulipano, Chief Financial Officer of Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Stephen J. Tulipano, CPA 

Stephen J. Tulipano 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting 
 Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 stok-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 stok-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 stok-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 stok-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 stok-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

