<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1671077_0001640334-23-000372.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2239279</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74067</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>462066</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>548939</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>492429</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>617282</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000372.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316170338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000372
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MED SPA VACATIONS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001671077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				475268172

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-210922
		FILM NUMBER:		23739657

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 W. 5TH STREET, SUITE 800
		CITY:			WINSTON SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		845-548-3280

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 W. 5TH STREET, SUITE 800
		CITY:			WINSTON SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000372.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 mdvp_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

mdvp_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of the large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, 2,360,774 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), were held by non-affiliates of the registrant. No market value has been computed based upon the fact that no active trading market has been established. As of March 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Not Applicable. TABLE OF CONTENTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 PART I. Item 1. Business 5 Item 1aA. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 7 Item 2. Properties 7 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 7 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 7 PART II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 8 Item 6. [Reserved] 8 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 9 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 12 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 13 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 13 Item 9B. Other Information 14 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 14 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 15 Item 11. Executive Compensation 16 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 17 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 18 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 19 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 20 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 20 SIGNATURES 21 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words believes, anticipates, expects, intends, estimates, plans and words of similar import. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, potential target businesses, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as statements of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include changes in local, regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market (supply and demand) and regulatory conditions and the following: our status as a company in its early stages of development; our selection of a prospective target business or asset; our issuance of our capital shares or incurrence of debt to complete a business combination; our ability to have our securities quoted on the OTC Markets or listed on a national exchange following our business combination; our ability to consummate an attractive business combination due to our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities; conflicts of interest of our officers and directors; potential current or future affiliations of our officers and directors with competing businesses; our ability to obtain additional financing if necessary; the control by our existing stockholders of a substantial interest in us; our dependence on our key personnel; our dependence on a single company after our business combination; business and market outlook; our and our customers business strategies following the consummation of a business combination; obtaining permits and other regulatory risks following the consummation of a business combination; foreign currency fluctuations and overall political risk in foreign jurisdictions following the consummation of a business combination; operating and capital expenditures by us following the consummation of a business combination; 3 Table of Contents our competitive position following the consummation of a business combination; outcomes of legal proceedings following the consummation of a business combination; expected results of operations and/or financial position following the consummation of a business combination; future effective tax rates; and compliance with applicable laws These risks and others described under Risk Factors are not exhaustive. Given these uncertainties, readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. All references in this Annual Report to the Company, Med Spa, we, us, or our, are to Med Spa Vacations, Inc. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 5, 2015 to develop a business that specializes in marketing health and wellness vacations to both individuals and corporate groups looking to revitalize and develop a fuller day-to-day life. We were not successful in our efforts and discontinued that line of business. On February 4, 2021, Kynson closed stock purchase and sale transactions pursuant to which Kynson sold an aggregate of 9,985,329 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to eleven purchasers at a purchase price of 0.030044 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of 299,998.60. Upon the closing of the stock purchase and sale transaction, Ms. Yang resigned from all positions she held with the Company and, in connection with her resignation, she relinquished her roles as the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer. Effective immediately upon Ms. Yang s resignation, John D. Rollo was appointed as the Company s President, Secretary and Treasurer, and as the sole member of the Company s board of the directors Board ). In connection with his appointments, Mr. Rollo was designated as the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company for SEC reporting purposes. In connection with and as a condition to, the consummation of this stock purchase and sale transaction, eleven shareholders of the Company returned an aggregate of 4,345,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company for cancellation, in consideration for 0.001 per share. As a result of this stock and purchase transaction and simultaneous cancellation of 4,345,000 shares by eleven stockholders, there was a change in control of the Company. On May 21, 2021, Mr. Rollo resigned as the Company s President, Treasurer, Secretary, and sole member of the Board. In connection with Mr. Rollo s resignation, he relinquished his roles as the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer for SEC reporting purposes. Effective immediately upon Mr. Rollo s resignation, Irwin Schneidmill was appointed as the Company s President, Secretary and Treasurer, and as the sole member of the Company s Board. In connection with his appointments, Mr. Schneidmill was designated as the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company for SEC reporting purposes. 5 Table of Contents Because we were not able to raise sufficient capital to execute our original business plan, the Company ceased that line of business and is a shell company, as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Going forward, our main business operations consist of seeking a business combination with a private entity whose business would present an opportunity for its shareholders. Our objectives discussed below are extremely general and are not intended to restrict discretion of our Board of to search for and enter into potential business opportunities or to reject any such opportunities. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. Further, we may acquire or combine with a venture that is in its preliminary or early stages of development, one that is already in operation, or one that is in a more mature stage of its corporate existence. Accordingly, business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities difficult and complex. With respect to any merger or acquisition, negotiations with target company management are expected to focus on the percentage of our company that the target company shareholders would acquire in exchange for all of their shareholdings in the target company. Depending upon, among other things, the target company s assets and liabilities, our existing shareholders will in all likelihood hold a substantially lesser percentage ownership interest in our company following any merger or acquisition. The percentage ownership of our existing shareholders may be subject to significant reduction in the event we acquire a target company with substantial assets. Any merger or acquisition effected by us can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our shareholders at such time. We will participate in a business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate agreements. Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally such agreements will require certain representations and warranties of the parties thereto, will specify certain events of default, will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must be satisfied by the parties prior to and after such closing, will outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated with our attorneys and accountants, and will include miscellaneous other terms. It is anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction may result in our loss of the related costs incurred. Competition We expect to encounter substantial competition in our efforts to identify and consummate a transaction with a business opportunity. The primary competition will be from other companies organized and funded for similar purposes, small venture capital partnerships and corporations, small business investment companies and wealthy individuals, all of which may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability, we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. Employees We presently have no employees apart from Irwin Schneidmill, our sole officer and director. Mr. Schneidmill is engaged in outside business activities and anticipates that he will devote to our business limited time until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been identified. We expect no significant changes in the number of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination. 6 Table of Contents We intend to hire additional management and other support personnel when we have reached a point in our proposed growth that would allow for such employment. In the interim, we will rely upon consultants to assist us in identifying and investigating acquisition opportunities. Reports to Security Holders We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports, statement or other information that we file with the SEC at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (202) 551-8090 for further information on the public reference room. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the Internet site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS AS A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY, WE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A STATEMENT OF RISK FACTORS. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We do not currently own any property. Our principal office is located at 500 W. 5th Street, Suite 800, PMB #59, Winston Salem, NC 27101. On July 1, 2021, we entered into a six-month lease agreement with a consultant of ours- related party, pursuant to which we are renting our office space for 300 per month. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we extended the lease for an additional period through June 30, 2023. This lease can be terminated by either party at any time, with 30 days written notice. We believe our current office space is sufficient for our current needs. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We know of no active or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any proceedings or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any beneficial shareholder are an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to us. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 7 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the Pink tier of OTC Markets under the symbol MDVP. However, there is currently no trading market for our Common Stock and there is no assurance that a regular trading market will ever develop. Holders As of February 10, 2023, there were 64 holders of record of our Common Stock. Dividends To date, we have not paid dividends on shares of our Common Stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans We have no existing equity compensation plan. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities None. Rule 10B-18 Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2022, neither the Company nor any affiliated purchaser of the Company, purchased any equity securities of the Company that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 8 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS THIS SECTION OF THE ANNUAL REPORT INCLUDES A NUMBER OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT REFLECT OUR CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE EVENTS AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE OFTEN IDENTIFIED BY WORDS LIKE: BELIEVE, EXPECT, ESTIMATE, ANTICIPATE, INTEND, PROJECT AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS, OR WORDS THAT, BY THEIR NATURE, REFER TO FUTURE EVENTS. YOU SHOULD NOT PLACE UNDUE CERTAINTY ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHICH APPLY ONLY AS OF THE DATE OF THIS PROSPECTUS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM HISTORICAL RESULTS OR OUR PREDICTIONS. OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE STATED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS (USD OR US AND ARE PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES. ALL REFERENCES TO COMMON STOCK REFER TO THE COMMON SHARES IN OUR CAPITAL STOCK. Overview We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 5, 2015 to develop a business that specializes in marketing health and wellness vacations to both individuals and corporate groups looking to revitalize and develop a fuller day-to-day life. Our office address is 500 W. 5th Street, Suite 800, PMB #59, Winston Salem, NC 27101. Because we were not able to raise sufficient capital to execute our original business plan, we discontinued that line of business. We are now seeking a business combination with a private entity whose business would present an opportunity for our shareholders. No specific assets or businesses have been definitively identified and there is no certainty that any such assets or business will be identified or that any transactions will be consummated. We may seek investors to purchase our stock to provide us with working capital to fund our operations. Thereafter, we will seek to establish or acquire businesses or assets with additional funds raised either via the issuance of shares or debt. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us at all or on acceptable terms. We may seek to raise the required capital by other means. We may have to issue debt or equity or enter into a strategic arrangement with a third party. We currently have no agreements, arrangements or understandings with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. Since we have no such arrangements or plans currently in effect, our inability to raise funds will have a severe negative impact on our ability to remain a viable company. 9 Table of Contents We do not expect to generate any revenues over the next 12 months, unless we are able to enter into a business combination with an operating company. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months will be to seek, investigate and, if such investigation warrants, engage in a business combination with a private entity whose business presents an opportunity for our shareholders. During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring costs related to filing of Exchange Act reports, and possible costs relating to consummating an acquisition or combination. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through use of funds in our treasury and additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. We intend to contract out certain technical and administrative functions on an as-needed basis in order to conduct our operating activities. Our management team will select and hire these contractors and manage and evaluate their work performance. We have no revenues and limited cash on hand. We have sustained losses since inception. We have never declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. We do not have any subsidiaries. Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Revenue - - - Operating expenses 110,612 158,760 (48,148 Other expenses 12,366 6,446 5,920 Net loss 122,978 165,206 (42,228 Revenues During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not realize any revenues from operations. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 110,612 and 158,760, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the operating expenses consisted of professional fees of 93,437, management fees of 13,500 and general and administrative expenses of 3,675. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the operating expenses consisted of professional fees of 146,703, management fees of 9,000 and general and administrative expenses of 3,057. The decrease is primarily the result of a decrease in professional fees for maintaining reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC of 15,966, consulting fees of 34,500 and other miscellaneous expenses of 2,182 offset by an increase in management fees of 4,500. Other Expenses During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other expenses consisted of 12,366 and 4,196 in interest on promissory notes related party and 0 and 2,250 interest on promissory notes, respectively. 10 Table of Contents Net Loss As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of 122,978 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 165,206 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash 8,302 2,266 6,036 Total Assets 8,302 2,266 6,036 Total Liabilities 257,466 129,952 127,514 Stockholders Deficit (249,164 (127,686 121,478 Working Capital Deficit (249,164 (127,686 121,478 As of the date of this report, we had yet to generate any revenues from our business operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had current assets of 8,302, current liabilities of 257,466, and our working capital deficit was 249,164. The increase in working capital deficit during the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to an increase in notes payable related to promissory notes issued to a related party of 126,250, accrued interest of 1,264 and offset by an increase in cash of 6,036. We anticipate that our current liquidity is not sufficient to meet the obligations associated with being a company that is fully reporting with the SEC. To date, we have managed to keep our monthly cash flow requirement low for two reasons. First, our sole officer draws only a nominal salary at this time. Second, we have been able to keep our operating expenses to a minimum by operating in space provided at no or nominal expense by our shareholders or consultants. We currently have no external sources of liquidity such as arrangements with credit institutions or off-balance sheet arrangements that will have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or immediate access to capital. Our financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplates our continuation as a going concern. We have not yet generated any revenue and have incurred accumulated losses to date of 655,965. In addition, our current liabilities exceed our current assets by 249,164. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue operating as a going concern. Our ability to continue our operations as a going concern, realize the carrying value of our assets, and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business is dependent upon our ability to raise capital sufficient to fund our commitments and ongoing losses, and ultimately generate profitable operations. Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash used in operating activities (120,214 (126,484 Cash provided by Investing Activities - - Cash provided by financing activities 126,250 128,750 Net Change In Cash 6,036 2,266 Operating Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 120,214, related to our net loss of 122,978, reduced by a stock-based compensation related party of 1,500 and an increase in accrued interest payable to related party of 1,264. 11 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 126,484, related to our net loss of 165,206, increased by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 36,658 and reduced by an increase in expenses paid by related party of 74,184 and an increase in accrued interest payable to related party of 1,196. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s former sole director and officer paid 74,184, on behalf of the Company for business operation purpose. Investing Activities The Company did not use any funds for investing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Financing Activities The Company provided 126,250 and 128,750 by financing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31,2022, the Company received loans from related parties in the amount of 309,500 and repaid in full all outstanding principal related party s loans of 183,250 and accrued interest of 11,103. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received a loan in the amount of 150,000 and loans from related parties in the amount of 128,750 and repaid in full all outstanding principal loan of 150,000 and accrued interest of 2,250 and repaid related party accrued interest of 3,000. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders. Contractual Obligations We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 12 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the consolidated financial statements and supplementary data set forth in Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of Part IV of this Annual Report. MED SPA VACATIONS INC. INDEX TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31,2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Med Spa Vacations, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Med Spa Vacations, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /S/ (PCAOB ID 5041) We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019 March 16, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents MED SPA VACATIONS INC. Balance Sheets December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Total Current Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest - related party Notes payable - related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents MED SPA VACATIONS INC. Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating Expenses General and administrative Management compensation - related party Professional fees Total Operating Expenses Loss from operations Other Expenses Interest expense Interest expense - related party Total Other Expenses Net Loss Net loss per common stock: basic and diluted Weighted average number of common stock outstanding: basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents MED SPA VACATIONS INC. Statements of Stockholders Deficit Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - December 31, 2020 Cancellation of common stock Debt forgiveness by related party - Net loss - Balance - December 31, 2021 Issuance common stock for management compensation Net loss - Balance - December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents MED SPA VACATIONS INC. Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation - related party Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Expenses paid by related party Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued note payable interest - related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds of promissory note payable Repayment of promissory note payable Repayment of promissory note payable -related party Proceeds of promissory note payable - related party Net cash provided by Financing Activities Net change in cash for period Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities Related party debt forgiven recorded as additional paid in capital Issuance of common stock for compensation -related party Cancellation of common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents MED SPA VACATIONS INC. NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to eleven purchasers at a purchase price of per share, or an (the Kynson Share Sale Transaction ). Upon the closing of the Kynson Share Sale Transaction, OuYang XingYing, who controlled Kynson, and was our President, Secretary and Treasurer and sole member of the Company s board of the directors, resigned from all positions she held with the Company and, in connection with her resignation, she relinquished her roles as the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer. Effective immediately upon Ms. Yang s resignation, John D. Rollo was appointed as the Company s President, Secretary and Treasurer, and as the sole member of the Company s board of the directors. In connection with his appointments, Mr. Rollo was designated as the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company for SEC reporting purposes. In connection with and as a condition to, the consummation of the Kynson Share Sale Transaction, eleven shareholders of the Company returned an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company for cancellation, in consideration for per share. As a result of the Kynson Share Sale Transaction and simultaneous cancellation of 4,345,000 shares by eleven stockholders, there was a change in control of the Company. On May 21, 2021, John D. Rollo, the President, Treasurer and Secretary and the sole member of the Company s board of directors (the Board ), resigned from all positions he held with the Company. Effective immediately upon Mr. Rollo s resignation, Irwin Schneidmill was appointed as the Company s President, Secretary and Treasurer, and as the sole member of the Company s board of the directors. In connection with his appointments, Mr. Schneidmill was designated as the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company for SEC reporting purposes. Going concern and Liquidity Considerations The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reoccurring losses from operations, an accumulated deficit of and has earned no revenues. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2023. F-7 Table of Contents Use of Estimates and Assumptions Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Concentrations of Credit Risks Share-Based Expense F-8 Table of Contents Earnings (Loss) per Share Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Reclassification preferred shares with a par value of per share Preferred Stock ). The Board is authorized to divide the authorized shares of Preferred Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of all other series and classes. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, no shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Common Stock The Company has authorized shares of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. On February 4, 2021, eleven (11) shareholders of the Company returned an aggregate of shares (the Cancelled Shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company for cancellation, in consideration for per share). The Cancelled Shares were returned to the Company s number of authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock. On June 30, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the issuance of shares of common stock to the Company s sole officer and director as compensation. On July 11, 2022, the shares of common stock were issued. The Company evaluated shares issued at last the Company s stock transaction of per share for amount of . F-9 Table of Contents and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Effective Tax rate Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately in net operating losses NOLs that may be available to offset future taxable income, . NOLs generated in tax years prior to July 31, 2018, can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after July 31, 2018, can be carryforward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards are subject to annual limitations following greater than ownership changes. The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by tax authorities for the years ended December 31, 2016, to December 31, 2022. and , respectively, to pay certain expenses on behalf of the Company. the Company paid management fees to the former officer and director of the Company who resigned on May 21, 2021. the Company paid and , respectively, management fees to the sole officer and director of the Company. On June 30, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the issuance of shares of common stock to the Company s sole officer and director as compensation. On July 11, 2022, the shares of common stock were issued. During the years ended December 31,2022 and 2021, the Company paid consulting fees of , lease expenses of and consulting fees of , lease expenses of to Benchmark Capital, LLC. and Tryon Capital, LLC. affiliated with the Company s shareholder, respectively. F-10 Table of Contents September 28, 2021 October 27, 2021 November 29, 2021 May 2, 2022 September 1, 2022 October 24, 2022 Total notes payable - related party Current portion ) ) Long-term portion During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company received and loans and repaid the outstanding promissory notes of and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of and repaid of interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and repaid of interest. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balances of promissory notes and accrued interest was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances of promissory notes and accrued interest was and , respectively. (the Loan from Hometown International Inc., a Nevada corporation Hometown ). To evidence the Loan, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of (the Note to Hometown, with a maturity date of . . The Company may prepay any amounts due under the Note without penalty or premium. On May 12, 2021, the Company repaid in full all outstanding principal note of and interest of . The Company did not incur any early termination penalties as a result of the repayment of indebtedness and termination of the loan. F-11 Table of Contents per month. The Benchmark Consulting Agreement can be terminated by either party, at any time, upon 30 days written notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred consulting fees of . from Global Equity Limited, a North Carolina corporation Global ). To evidence said loan, the Company issued to Global a promissory note in the principal amount of (in this case, the Note ), with a maturity date of . . The Company may prepay any amounts due under the Note without penalty or premium. F-12 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our senior management, consisting of Irwin Schneidmill, President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, consisting of Mr. Schneidmill, President, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting, Mr. Schneidmill, President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. As of December 31, 2022, our management, consisting of Irwin Schneidmill, President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013 and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, we believe that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 13 Table of Contents The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of independent directors on our Board, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by Mr. Schneidmill, President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022. Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of independent directors on our Board results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Management s Remediation Initiatives In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: Assuming we are able to secure additional working capital, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. We also plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our Board who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee which will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management. Management believes that the appointment of one or more independent directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of independent directors on our Board. We anticipate that these initiatives will be implemented in conjunction with the growth of our business. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation we conducted of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, that occurred during our fourth quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. 14 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Officers and Directors Our officers are elected by the Board to a term of one (1) year and serve until their successor is duly elected and qualified, or until they are removed from office. The Board has no nominating, auditing or compensation committees. The name, address, age and position of our sole officer and director is set forth below: NAME AND ADDRESS AGE POSITION(S) DATE OF APPOINTMENT Irwin Schneidmill 69 President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director May 21, 2021 Business Experience Mr. Schneidmill, age 69, has over 40 years of experience as a certified public accountant and an entrepreneur. Since August 2016, Mr. Schneidmill has served as the Executive Vice-President and General Manager of LJM Group, a logistics consulting services company. From June 1993 until the present, Mr. Schneidmill has also served as the President of Economic Solutions, Inc., a business consulting company. Prior to his employment with LJM Group, Inc. and Economic Solutions, Inc., Mr. Schneidmill was the President of Independent Living Aids, a health and wellness company, specializing in products for those with low-vision, low-hearing, and low-mobility from May 2008 to December 2013. Mr. Schneidmill has served as a Member of the board of directors for Angstrom Technologies, Inc., a public company, which is engaged in the development, manufacture, and sale of electro-optical control systems, consisting of an ultraviolet optical scanner and invisible fluorescent chemical compounds since October 2006. Mr. Schneidmill holds a BBA in accounting from Baruch College. Board Committees The Board has no standing committees. Family Relationships No family relationship has ever existed between any director, executive officer of the Company, and any person contemplated to become such. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No executive officer or director of ours has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; Being the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or Being the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 15 Table of Contents Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Our Common Stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal shareholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics and Business of Conduct. We currently do not have a code of ethics and business of conduct policy. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table shows for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the compensation awarded (earned) or paid by the Company to its named executive officer or the person acting in a similar capacity as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. There are no understandings or agreements regarding compensation that our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included in this table, or otherwise. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Irwin Schneidmill President, Secretary, 2022 12,000 - 1,500 - - - - 13,500 Treasurer and Director (1) 2021 7,000 - - - - - - 7,000 _____________ (1) On May 21, 2021, Irwin Schneidmill was appointed as the Company s President, Secretary and Treasurer, and as the sole member of the Company s board of the directors. 16 Table of Contents Compensation of Directors Our director is not compensated by us for acting as such. There are no arrangements pursuant to which our sole director is or will be compensated in the future for any services provided as a director. Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements We have no employees other than Irwin Schneidmill, our current sole officer and director. He does not have an employment contract with the Company. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made by us, with respect to Irwin Schneidmill that would result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination. There are no arrangements for officers, employees or consultants that would result from a change-in-control. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth, as of the date of February 10, 2023, the total number of shares owned beneficially by our sole officer and director, and key employees, individually and as a group, and the present owners of 5 or more of our total outstanding shares. The table also reflects what his ownership will be assuming completion of the sale of all shares in this offering. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 10, 2023, through the exercise of any stock option or other right. Unless otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class (4) 5 Stockholders Global Equity Limited (2) Common 5,000,000 49.72 Hometown Global Services LLC (3) Common 1,664,226 16.55 David J. Chapman Common 950,000 9.45 Dina Harris Coker Common 980,000 9.75 Named Executive Officers and Directors Irwin Schneidmill, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director Common 50,000 0.49 All Officers and Directors as a Group (1 Total) Common 50,000 0.49 ______________ (1) Unless otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Med Spa Vacations, Inc., at 500 W. 5th Street, Suite 800, PMB #59, Winston Salem, NC 27101. (2) Michael R. Tyldesley and Ibrahima Thiam beneficially own 90 and 10 , respectively, in Global Equity Limited and have joint voting and investment power over the shares directly owned by Global Equity Limited. (3) Peter L. Coker, Sr. is the Managing Member of Hometown Global Services, LLC and has voting and the sole and investment power over the shares directly owned by Hometown Global Services LLC. (4) Based on 10,055,000 issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of February 10, 2023. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Except as disclosed below, since the beginning of the fiscal year preceding the last fiscal year none of the following persons has had any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which our Company was or is a party, or in any proposed transaction to which our Company proposes to be a party: any Director or officer of our Company; any proposed Director of officer of our Company; any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 percent of the voting rights attached to our Common Stock; or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons (including a spouse, parents, children, siblings, and in-laws). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party transactions were as follows: the Company s controlling shareholder advanced to the Company an amount of 0 and 74,184, respectively, to pay certain expenses on behalf of the Company. the Company paid 2,000 management fees to the former officer and director of the Company who resigned on May 21, 2021. the Company paid 12,000 and 7,000, respectively, management fees to the sole officer and director of the Company. On June 30, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 50,000 shares of common stock to the Company s sole officer and director as compensation. On July 11, 2022, the 50,000 shares of common stock were issued. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid consulting fees of 30,000, lease expenses of 3,600 and consulting fees of 27,500, lease expenses of 2,750 to Benchmark Capital, LLC. and Tryon Capital, LLC. affiliated with a Company shareholder, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company received 309,500 and 128,750 loans and repaid the outstanding promissory notes of 183,250 and 0, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of 12,366 and repaid 11,103 of interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of 4,196 and repaid 3,000 of interest. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balances of promissory notes and accrued interest was 255,000 and 2,460, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances of promissory notes and accrued interest was 128,750 and 1,196, respectively. 18 Table of Contents Director Independence We are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board comprised of a majority of Independent Directors. We believe that our director currently does not meet the definition of independent as promulgated by the rules and regulations of NASDAQ. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees The aggregate fees billed since incorporation for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fee Category Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Audit fees (1): 14,660 14,500 Audit-related fees (2) - - Tax fees (3) - - All other fees (4) - - Total fees 14,660 14,500 _______________ (1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements, for reviews of our interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements but are not reported under Audit fees. (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. (4) All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. Audit Related Fees There were no fees for audit related services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees There were no fees for tax related services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees The Company did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors Given the small size of our Board as well as the limited activities of our Company, our Board acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 19 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following exhibits are included as part of this report: Exhibit No. Description 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 31.1/ 31.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(A) or 15d-14(A) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1/ 32.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer pursuant to18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. _____________ filed herewith ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 20 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MED SPA VACATIONS, INC. Dated: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Irwin Schneidmill Name: Irwin Schneidmill Title: President, Treasurer and Secretary Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicate. Signature Title Date /s/ Irwin Schneidmill President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director March 16, 2023 Irwin Schneidmill (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mdvp_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 mdvp_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1/31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Irwin Schneidmill, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Med Spa Vacations, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Irwin Schneidmill Irwin Schneidmill President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 mdvp_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 mdvp_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Med Spa Vacations, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Irwin Schneidmill, President, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Irwin Schneidmill Irwin Schneidmill President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 mdvp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 mdvp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 mdvp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mdvp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

