<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1802768_0001802768-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14688615</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>504630</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3136580</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4653842</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3249901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2897530</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001802768-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215090327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001802768-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Royalty Pharma plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001802768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39329
		FILM NUMBER:		23633803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 883-0200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001802768-23-000007.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 rprx-20221231.htm
 10-K

rprx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to __________ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of t he registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purposes. 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, Royalty Pharma plc had Class A ordinary shares outstanding and Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 
 Item 2. Properties 
 49 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 51 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 85 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 87 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 128 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 128 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 128 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 128 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 129 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 129 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 129 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 129 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 130 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 132 
 Signatures 
 132 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, target, forecast, guidance, goal, predicts, project, potential or continue, the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current and prospective assets, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in the context of the numerous risks outlined in Part I under Item 1A. under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 These risks and uncertainties include factors related to, among other topics: 
 sales risks of biopharmaceutical products on which we receive royalties; 
 the ability of RP Management, LLC (the Manager to locate suitable assets for us to acquire; 
 uncertainties related to the acquisition of interests in development-stage biopharmaceutical product candidates and our strategy to add development-stage product candidates to our product portfolio; 
 the assumptions underlying our business model; 
 our ability to successfully execute our royalty acquisition strategy; 
 our ability to leverage our competitive strengths; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Manager and its affiliates; 
 the ability of the Manager or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of those expectations could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those expectations also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and business objectives will be achieved. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations. 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are the largest buyer of biopharmaceutical royalties and a leading funder of innovation across the biopharmaceutical industry. Since our founding in 1996, we have been pioneers in the royalty market, collaborating with innovators from academic institutions, research hospitals and not-for-profits through small and mid-cap biotechnology companies to leading global pharmaceutical companies. We have assembled a portfolio of royalties which entitles us to payments based directly on the top-line sales of many of the industry s leading therapies, which includes royalties on more than 35 commercial products, including Vertex s Trikafta, Kalydeco, Orkambi and Symdeko, Biogen s Tysabri, AbbVie and Johnson Johnson s Imbruvica, Astellas and Pfizer s Xtandi, GSK s Trelegy, Novartis Promacta, Pfizer s Nurtec ODT, Johnson Johnson s Tremfya, Roche s Evrysdi, Gilead s Trodelvy, and 12 development-stage product candidates. We fund innovation in the biopharmaceutical industry both directly and indirectly - directly when we partner with companies to co-fund late-stage clinical trials and new product launches in exchange for future royalties, and indirectly when we acquire existing royalties from the original innovators. 
 
 Our capital-efficient business model enables us to benefit from many of the most attractive characteristics of the biopharmaceutical industry, including long product life cycles, significant barriers to entry and noncyclical revenues, but with substantially reduced exposure to many common industry challenges such as early-stage development risk, therapeutic area constraints, high research and development R D costs, and high fixed manufacturing and marketing costs. We have a highly flexible approach that is agnostic to both therapeutic area and treatment modality, allowing us to acquire royalties on the most attractive therapies across the biopharmaceutical industry. 
 
 The success of our business has been the result of a focused strategy of actively identifying and tracking the development and commercialization of key new therapies, allowing us to move quickly to make acquisitions when opportunities arise. We acquire royalties on approved products, often in the early stages of their commercial launches, and development-stage product candidates with strong proof of concept data, mitigating development risk and expanding our opportunity set. From 2012, when we began acquiring royalties on development-stage product candidates, through January 31, 2023, we have entered into transactions to acquire biopharmaceutical royalties, milestones and related assets with an aggregated transaction value of 24 billion, representing approximately 60 of all royalty transactions by value announced during this period. 
 
 In 2022, we generated net cash from operating activities of 2.1 billion, Adjusted Cash Receipts (as defined in Non-GAAP Financial Results of 2.8 billion, Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in Non-GAAP Financial Results of 2.6 billion and Adjusted Cash Flow (as defined in Non-GAAP Financial Results of 2.2 billion. We deployed 2.5 billion of cash in 2022 to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets. 
 
 1 

Portfolio Overview 
 
 Our portfolio consists of royalties on more than 35 commercial products and 12 development-stage product candidates. We believe that end market sales of the therapies in our portfolio are important drivers of our financial performance as a substantial portion of our royalties are based on end market sales. In addition, end market sales are a strong indicator of the importance of the therapies to both patients and the marketers. The following table provides an overview of our current portfolio of royalties: 
 
 Royalties Marketer(s) Product Detail 2022 Royalty Receipts (in millions) 2022 End Market Sales (in millions) (1) Approved Products Cystic fibrosis franchise (2) Vertex Cystic fibrosis 811 8,931 Nurtec ODT/Biohaven payment (3) Pfizer Migraine 560 764 Tysabri Biogen Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis 370 2,028 Imbruvica AbbVie, Johnson Johnson Hematological malignancies and chronic graft versus host disease 313 5,820 Xtandi Pfizer, Astellas Prostate cancer 187 4,817 Promacta Novartis Chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura and aplastic anemia 182 2,088 Tremfya Johnson Johnson Plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis 97 2,668 Trelegy GSK Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma 90 2,142 Januvia, Janumet, Other DPP-IVs Merck Co., others Diabetes 73 4,512 Cabometyx/Cometriq Exelixis, Ipsen, Takeda Kidney, liver and thyroid cancers 55 1,940 Farxiga/Onglyza AstraZeneca Diabetes 44 4,638 Evrysdi Roche Spinal muscular atrophy 41 1,173 Prevymis Merck Co. Prophylaxis of CMV in adult recipients of stem cell transplant 37 428 Trodelvy Gilead Breast cancer 25 680 Orladeyo BioCryst Hereditary angioedema prophylaxis 22 252 Erleada Johnson Johnson Prostate cancer 21 1,881 Crysvita Ultragenyx, Kyowa Kirin X-linked hypophoshatemia 20 220 Emgality Lilly Migraine prevention episodic cluster headache 19 651 Oxlumo Alnylam Primary hyperoxaluria type 1 3 67 Spinraza (4) Biogen Spinal muscular atrophy 1,762 Airsupra (5) AstraZeneca Asthma Other products (6) 263 Total royalty receipts 3,231 Development-Stage Product Candidates Aficamten Cytokinetics Obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (Phase 3) Ampreloxetine Theravance Symptomatic nOH with multiple system atrophy (Phase 3) BCX10013 BioCryst Once-daily Factor D Inhibitor (Phase 1) MK-8189 Merck Schizophrenia (Phase 2b) Olpasiran Amgen Cardiovascular disease (Phase 3) Omecamtiv mecarbil (7) Cytokinetics Heart failure (under FDA review) Pelabresib MorphoSys Myelofibrosis (Phase 3) Pelacarsen (4) Novartis Cardiovascular disease (Phase 3) Seltorexant Johnson Johnson MDD with insomnia symptoms (Phase 3) Trontinemab (8) Roche Alzheimer s disease (Phase 2a) Tulmimetostat (9) MorphoSys Hematological malignancies and solid tumors (Phase 2) Zavegepant Pfizer Acute migraine (under FDA review) and prevention (Phase 3) 
 CMV is cytomegalovirus, nOH is neurogenic orthostatic hypotension and MDD is major depressive disorder. 
 Amounts shown in the table may not add due to rounding. 
 2 

Notes: 
 (1) Represents end market sales for 2022 as reported by respective product marketers or, where marketers have not reported end market sales by February 10, 2023, based on Visible Alpha projections as of February 7, 2023. Sales shown for Crysvita represent Europe, the Middle East and Africa only. For the majority of our royalties, royalty receipts lag product performance by one quarter and can generally be estimated by applying our publicly disclosed royalty rate to the preceding quarter s marketer-announced net revenues on a product-by-product basis. 
 (2) The cystic fibrosis franchise includes the following approved products: Kalydeco, Orkambi, Symdeko/Symkevi and Trikafta/Kaftrio. 
 (3) Royalty receipts includes quarterly redemption payments of 15.6 million related to the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares and the accelerated redemption payments of 479.5 million for all outstanding Series A and Series B Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. The remaining amounts are related to royalty receipts from Nurtec ODT. 
 (4) Royalties were acquired in January 2023. 
 (5) Airsupra, formerly known as PT027, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in January 2023. 
 (6) Other products primarily include royalties on the following products: Bosulif (a product co-developed by our joint venture investee, Avillion, for which receipts are presented as Distributions from equity method investees on the Statements of Cash Flows), Cimzia, Entyvio, Gavreto, HIV Franchise, IDHIFA, Letairis, Lexiscan, Mircera, Myozyme, Nesina, Soliqua, Tazverik and distributions from the Legacy SLP Interest. 
 (7) The financial royalty asset associated with omecamtiv mecarbil was written off in 2020 given the uncertainty around the future of omecamtiv mecarbil at the time. 
 (8) The financial royalty asset associated with gantenerumab was written off in 2022 as a result of Roche s statement that it would discontinue clinical trials of gantenerumab. Roche continues to test a different formulation of gantenerumab called trontinemab. 
 (9) Product formerly known as CPI-0209. 
 
 Biopharmaceutical Industry and the Role of Royalties 
 
 Our business is supported by significant growth and unprecedented innovation within the biopharmaceutical industry. Global prescription pharmaceutical sales are projected to grow from approximately 1.2 trillion in 2022 to approximately 1.5 trillion in 2027, representing a CAGR of 6 according to EvaluatePharma despite more than 140 billion in cumulative sales being lost to expected patent expiries during the same period. The growth of the biopharmaceutical industry is driven by global secular trends, including population growth, increased life expectancy and growth of the middle classes in emerging markets. In addition, a dramatic acceleration of medical research in recent years has led to a better understanding of the molecular origins of disease and identification of potential targets for therapeutic intervention. This has accelerated R D opportunities for new drugs. The pace of biopharmaceutical innovation coupled with the proliferation of new biotechnology companies and the increasing cost of drug development has created a significant capital need over recent years that we believe will provide a sustainable tailwind for our business. 
 
 Royalties play a fundamental and growing role in the biopharmaceutical industry. As a result of the increasing cost and complexity of drug development, the creation of a new drug today typically involves a number of industry participants. Academia and other research institutions conduct basic research and license new technologies to industry for further development. Biotechnology companies typically in-license these new technologies, add value through applied research and early-stage clinical development, and then either out-license the resulting development-stage product candidates to large biopharmaceutical companies for late-stage clinical development and commercialization, or commercialize the products themselves. As new drugs are transferred along this value chain, royalties are created as compensation for the licensing or selling institutions. Biotechnology companies are also increasingly creating royalties on existing products within their portfolios, known as synthetic royalties, in order to provide a source of non-dilutive capital to fund their businesses. As a result of this industry paradigm, the development of a single new drug can lead to the creation of multiple royalties. Given our leadership position within the biopharmaceutical royalty sector, we are able to capitalize on the growing volumes of royalties that are created as new therapies are developed to address unmet medical needs. 
 
 Our Business Model 
 
 We believe that the following elements of our business and product portfolio provide a unique and compelling proposition to investors seeking exposure to the biopharmaceutical sector. 
 
 Our portfolio provides direct exposure to a broad array of blockbuster therapies. As of January 31, 2023, our portfolio included royalties on 15 therapies that each generated end-market sales of more than 1 billion in 2022, including five therapies that each generated end-market sales of more than 3 billion. The therapies within our royalty portfolio are marketed by leading global biopharmaceutical companies for whom these products are important sources of revenue. Given the marketers significant focus on and investment in these products, they are motivated to invest substantial resources in driving continued sales growth. 
 
 3 

Our portfolio is highly diversified across products, therapeutic areas and marketers. As of January 31, 2023, our portfolio consists of royalties on more than 35 marketed biopharmaceutical therapies which address a wide range of therapeutic areas, including rare diseases, cancer, neurology, immunology, hematology and diabetes. In 2022, no individual therapy accounted for more than 21 of our royalty receipts, no therapeutic area accounted for more than 29 of our royalty receipts and no marketer represented more than 25 of our royalty receipts. The royalties in our portfolio entitle us to payments based directly on the top-line sales of the associated therapies, rather than the profits of these therapies. As such, the diversification of our profits directly reflects the diversification of our royalty receipts, rather than varying levels of product-level profitability, as would typically be expected within a biopharmaceutical company. The graphic below shows the diversification within our 2022 royalty receipts by product, therapeutic area and marketer. 
 
 Note: Royalty receipts for Nurtec ODT includes redemption payments that were accelerated related to Biohaven Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in 2022. 
 
 The key growth-driving royalties in our portfolio are protected by long patent lives. The estimated weighted average royalty duration of our portfolio is approximately 13 years based on projected cumulative cash royalty receipts. Our largest marketed royalty in 2022 was on Vertex s cystic fibrosis franchise, and existing patent applications covering Trikafta, the most significant product in that franchise, are expected to provide exclusivity through 2037. Our right to receive royalties is perpetual, but we expect that the 2037 patent expiration for Trikafta may result in potential sales declines based on potential generic entry. Several of our marketed royalties have unlimited durations and could provide cash flows for many years after key patents have expired. 
 
 Simple and efficient operating model generates substantial cash flow for reinvestment in new biopharmaceutical royalties . Our capital-efficient operating model requires limited operating expenses and no material capital investment in fixed assets or infrastructure in order to support the ongoing growth of our business. As a result, we generate high Adjusted Cash Flow relative to our Adjusted Cash Receipts. Our high cash flow conversion provides us with significant capital that we can deploy for new royalty acquisitions and also use to grow our dividend to shareholders. In 2022, we generated net cash from operating activities of 2.1 billion, Adjusted Cash Receipts of 2.8 billion, Adjusted EBITDA of 2.6 billion and Adjusted Cash Flow of 2.2 billion. We deployed 2.5 billion of cash in 2022 to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets. 
 
 Our business model captures many of the most attractive aspects of the biopharmaceutical industry, but with reduced exposure to many common industry challenges . The biopharmaceutical industry benefits from a number of highly attractive characteristics, including long product life cycles, significant barriers to entry and non-cyclical revenues. We have a highly flexible approach that is agnostic to both therapeutic area and treatment modality, allowing us to acquire royalties on the most attractive therapies from across the biopharmaceutical industry. We focus on the acquisition of royalties on approved products or development-stage product candidates that have generated strong proof of concept data, avoiding the risks associated with early stage R D. By acquiring royalties, we are able to realize payments based directly on the top-line sales of leading biopharmaceutical therapies, without the costs associated with fixed R D, manufacturing and commercial infrastructure. 
 
 4 

Our unique role in the biopharmaceutical ecosystem positions us to benefit from multiple compounding growth drivers . As a result of our significant scale and highly flexible business model, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on multiple compounding growth drivers: an accelerating understanding of the molecular origins of disease, technological innovation leading to the creation of new treatment modalities, an increasing number of biopharmaceutical industry participants with significant capital needs, competitive industry dynamics which reward companies that can rapidly execute broad clinical development programs, increasing FDA drug approvals which reached an all-time high in 2018 and the potential for multiple royalties to be created from each new drug that reaches the market. 
 
 We have the ability to access innovation from across the biopharmaceutical ecosystem. Our approach is to first assess innovative science in areas of significant unmet medical need and then evaluate how to acquire royalties on therapies that we believe are attractive. We closely follow a broad range of therapeutic areas and treatment modalities and are therefore able to move quickly when we identify compelling opportunities to acquire new royalties. 
 
 We have deep access to attractively priced investment grade debt that provides a significant cost of capital advantage. We believe that we have an attractive cost of capital that enables us to acquire high-quality biopharmaceutical royalties at competitive prices while still creating value for our shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate principal amount of 7.3 billion of senior unsecured notes outstanding with a weighted average coupon of 2.24 and a weighted-average maturity of approximately 12 years. In addition, we have an undrawn 1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 We have a talented, long-tenured team with extensive experience and deep industry relationships. Our team has significant experience identifying, evaluating and acquiring royalties on biopharmaceutical therapies. Together they have been responsible for approximately 30 billion of acquisitions of biopharmaceutical royalties, milestones and related assets since 1996 through January 31, 2023. Our acquisitions have included many of the industry s leading therapies across the past three decades, such as Trikafta, Tremfya, Imbruvica, Tecfidera, Xtandi, Truvada, Lyrica, Humira, Remicade, Rituxan and Neupogen. Our long history of collaboration has resulted in deep relationships with a broad range of participants across the biopharmaceutical industry. 
 
 We are the leader in acquiring biopharmaceutical royalties. We are the leader within the space, having executed transactions with an aggregate announced transaction value of more than 24 billion since 2012 through January 31, 2023. We estimate this to represent an estimated market share of approximately 60 of all royalty transactions by value announced during this period. This compares to our next nearest competitor, which we believe has executed 3 billion of transactions, which we estimate to represent market share of 8 . Given the scale of our business relative to our competitors, we have a particularly strong leadership position within large royalty transactions. Since 2012, there have been 13 royalty transactions with an aggregate value of more than 500 million each. We executed 11 of these 13 transactions, for a total aggregate transaction value of approximately 16 billion of cash and estimated market share of 86 , in this transaction size range. The charts below show our market share since 2012 across all transaction sizes and in royalty transactions with an aggregate value of more than 500 million. 
 
 5 

Note: Includes transactions through January 31, 2023; excludes royalty debt transactions from market share calculations. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 We intend to grow our business by continuing to partner with constituents across the biopharmaceutical value chain to fund innovation. Our growth strategy is tailored to the needs of our partners through a variety of structures: 
 
 Third-party Royalties Existing royalties on approved or late-stage development therapies with high commercial potential. A royalty is the contractual right to a percentage of top-line sales from a licensee s use of a product, technology or intellectual property. The majority of our current portfolio consists of third-party royalties. 
 
 Synthetic Royalties Newly-created royalties on approved or late-stage development therapies with strong proof of concept and high commercial potential. A synthetic royalty is the contractual right to a percentage of top-line sales by the developer or marketer of a therapy in exchange for funding. A synthetic royalty may also include contingent milestone payments. We also fund ongoing R D for biopharmaceutical companies in exchange for future royalties and milestones if the product or indication we are funding is approved. 
 
 Launch and Development Capital Tailored supplemental funding solutions, generally included as a component within a transaction, increasing the scale of our capital. Launch and development capital is generally provided in exchange for a long-term stream of fixed payments with a predetermined schedule around the launch of a drug. Launch and development capital may also include a direct investment in the public equity of a company. 
 
 Mergers and Acquisitions M A Related We acquire royalties in connection with M A transactions, often from the buyers of biopharmaceutical companies when they dispose of the non-strategic assets of the target company following the closing of the acquisition. We also seek to partner with companies to acquire other biopharmaceutical companies that own significant royalties. We may also seek to acquire biopharmaceutical companies that have significant royalties or where we can create royalties in subsequent transactions. 
 
 Additionally, we may identify additional opportunities, platforms or technologies that leverage our capabilities such as our strategic alliance with MSCI Inc. MSCI to develop thematic life sciences indexes. 
 
 6 

From 2012 through 2022, we deployed 8.3 billion of cash to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets on development-stage product candidates. As of January 31, 2023, products underlying 6.4 billion of these acquisitions have already been approved, representing a success rate to date of 77 , while products underlying 0.8 billion were not approved and products underlying 1.1 billion are still in development. 

Notes: 
 (1) Reflects cash deployed for royalty acquisitions from 2012 through 2022. 
 (2) Not approved includes investments in vosaroxin, palbociclib, Merck KGaA s anti-IL17 nanobody M1095, BCX9930, gantenerumab and otilimab. 
 
 In recent years, we have increased the scope of our investments beyond royalties to include additional assets such as equity investments and the acquisition of businesses with significant royalty assets. Our broad scope increases our total addressable market and has allowed us to provide a broad range of solutions to our partners across the biopharmaceutical ecosystem. 
 
 Our approach is to first assess innovative science in areas of significant unmet medical need and then evaluate how to acquire royalties on therapies that we believe are attractive. We have a strong base of institutional knowledge of important therapeutic areas and key industry trends. Our team of scientific experts actively monitors the evolving treatment landscape across many therapeutic areas and treatment modalities in order to identify new opportunities. We analyze a wide range of scientific data and stay in constant communication with leading physicians, scientists, biopharmaceutical executives and venture capital firms. This allows us to quickly assess and gain conviction in the value of assets when acquisition opportunities arise. 
 
 We take a disciplined approach in assessing opportunities and seek to acquire exposure to therapies based on the following key product characteristics: 
 
 Clinically validated: therapies that have received regulatory approval or have strong clinical proof-of-concept data that gives us confidence in the clinical and commercial profile. 
 
 High unmet need: therapies that address areas of significant unmet medical need that also represent large commercial opportunities. 
 
 Significant benefits to patients: therapies that have potential to disrupt or significantly enhance the treatment paradigm for patients and physicians based on compelling clinical data. 
 
 Unique competitive positioning: therapies that are well-positioned to be leaders in their respective categories and are expected to maintain a competitive advantage in the long-term. 
 
 7 

Growth potential: therapies where we see strong long-term potential, based on our in-depth evaluation and in-house expertise. 
 
 Strong marketer: therapies marketed by biopharmaceutical companies that have the resources, capabilities and commitment to successfully develop them and maximize their commercial potential. 
 
 Intellectual Property: therapies that have strong patent portfolios and offer durable, long-term cash flows. 
 
 Attractive value proposition: therapies that we believe provide value-add to the healthcare system. 
 
 Our focus is to create significant long-term value for our shareholders by acquiring both approved and development-stage product candidates through a variety of structures. In evaluating these acquisition opportunities, we focus on the following financial characteristics: 
 
 Long duration cash flows: we prioritize long-duration assets over short-duration assets that may boost near-term financial performance. The durability of our cash flows also allows us to add leverage to our portfolio, enhancing returns and providing capital that we can use to acquire additional assets. 
 
 Attractive risk-adjusted returns: we focus on generating attractive returns on our investments on a risk-adjusted basis. We evaluate opportunities across the risk spectrum and do not target the same return for all assets. 
 
 Growth and scale: we seek assets that are accretive to our long-term growth profile and additive to our overall scale. 
 
 We conduct extensive due diligence when evaluating potential new opportunities. We have end-to-end capabilities that span clinical and commercial analysis, valuation and transaction structuring. We have a highly focused and experienced team that conducts proprietary primary market research, forms its own views on the clinical and commercial outlook for the product, and builds its own financial models, allowing us to generate direct insights and allowing us to take significant accountability and ownership for our investments. We invest significant time and resources across all levels of the organization, including senior leadership, in the evaluation of potential opportunities. 
 
 Our Portfolio 
 
 Commercial Products 
 
 The key royalties in our marketed portfolio related to approved products include the ones listed below. Descriptions of estimated royalty expiration dates are based on our estimates of patent expiry dates (which may include estimated patent term extensions) or estimates of the dates on which the royalties otherwise expire and are based on each product s key geographies; duration may differ in other geographies. Royalty expiration dates can change due to patent, regulatory, commercial or other developments. In addition, the royalties in our portfolio are subject to the underlying contractual agreements from which they arise and may be subject to reductions or other adjustments in accordance with the terms of such agreements. 
 
 Cystic fibrosis franchise 
 
 Our cystic fibrosis franchise consists of our right to receive royalty payments on the sale of various products marketed by Vertex for use in the treatment of cystic fibrosis, including Kalydeco (ivacaftor), Orkambi (lumacaftor and ivacaftor), Symdeko/Symkevi (tezacaftor and ivacaftor) and Trikafta/Kaftrio (elexacaftor, tezacaftor and ivacaftor). Vertex s cystic fibrosis franchise represents the leading treatments for cystic fibrosis, providing treatment options for approximately 90 of cystic fibrosis patients. 
 
 We added the cystic fibrosis franchise to our portfolio in November 2014 and purchased an additional residual royalty interest in November 2020. Our right to receive royalties is perpetual, but we expect that the 2037 patent expiration for Trikafta may result in potential sales declines based on potential generic entry. Total global end market sales for the cystic fibrosis franchise during 2022 were approximately 8.9 billion and we collected 811 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of the cystic fibrosis franchise are projected to grow to approximately 10.5 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 8 

Tysabri 
 
 Tysabri (natalizumab) is a monoclonal antibody marketed by Biogen for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (RMS), including clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease. Tysabri competes in the high efficacy segment of the multiple sclerosis market, often reserved for patients with aggressive disease at onset and patients who have failed front-line therapies. 
 
 We added Tysabri to our portfolio in February 2017. Our right to receive royalties is perpetual. Total global end market sales for Tysabri during 2022 are estimated to be approximately 2.0 billion and we collected 370 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Tysabri are projected to be approximately 1.4 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Imbruvica 
 
 Imbruvica (ibrutinib) is a first-in-class small molecule Bruton s tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is the leading therapy in chronic lymphocytic leukemia, relapsed/refractory mantle cell lymphoma and other blood cancers. Imbruvica is marketed by AbbVie and Janssen, a subsidiary of Johnson Johnson. A robust clinical program supports Imbruvica s use across a wide range of patient populations and cancer types, including 12 FDA approvals in seven distinct indications. 
 
 We added Imbruvica to our portfolio in July 2013. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2027 and 2032. Total global end market sales for Imbruvica during 2022 were approximately 5.8 billion and we collected 313 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Imbruvica are projected to be approximately 3.5 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Xtandi 
 
 Xtandi (enzalutamide) is an oral, small molecule androgen receptor inhibitor marketed by Pfizer and Astellas for the treatment of non-metastatic and metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer as well as metastatic castration sensitive prostate cancer. 
 
 We added Xtandi to our portfolio in March 2016. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2027 and 2028. Total global end market sales for Xtandi during 2022 were approximately 4.8 billion and we collected 187 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Xtandi are projected to grow to approximately 5.2 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Promacta 
 
 Promacta (eltrombopag) is an oral, small molecule activator of the thrombopoietin receptor used to increase the number of platelets in the blood, marketed by Novartis for the treatment of chronic immune thrombocytopenia and aplastic anemia. 
 
 We added Promacta to our portfolio in March 2019. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2025 and 2028. Total global end market sales for Promacta during 2022 were approximately 2.1 billion and we collected 182 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Promacta are projected to be approximately 525 million in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Tremfya 
 
 Tremfya (guselkumab) is an anti-interleukin 23 marketed by Johnson Johnson for the treatment of adults living with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, and for adults with active psoriatic arthritis. Tremfya is also in clinical development for ulcerative colitis and Crohn s disease. 
 
 We added Tremfya to our portfolio in July 2021. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2031 and 2032. Total global end market sales for Tremfya during 2022 were approximately 2.7 billion and we collected 97 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Tremfya are projected to grow to approximately 6.0 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 9 

Nurtec ODT/Biohaven payment 
 
 Nurtec ODT (rimegepant) is an oral, small molecule calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist marketed by Pfizer for the acute treatment and prevention of migraine. 
 
 We added Nurtec ODT to our portfolio in June 2018 and purchased an additional interest in Nurtec ODT as part of our expanded funding agreement with Biohaven in August 2020. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2034 and 2036. Total global end market sales for Nurtec ODT during 2022 are estimated to be approximately 764 million and we collected 18 million in royalty receipts on Nurtec ODT over the same period. Additionally, we received 542 million from the redemption of all outstanding Series A and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares in 2022. The Series A and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares were fully redeemed following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. We will only receive royalties from underlying product sales beginning in 2023. Global end market sales of Nurtec ODT are projected to grow to approximately 2.7 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Trelegy 
 
 Trelegy is a combination of an inhaled corticosteroid and two bronchodilators in a single delivery device administered once-daily for the maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and the maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 years and older. Trelegy is marketed by GSK. 
 
 We added Trelegy to our portfolio in July 2022. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2029 and 2030. Total global end market sales for Trelegy during 2022 were approximately 2.1 billion. Subsequent to adding Trelegy to our portfolio in July 2022, we collected 90 million in related royalty receipts. Global end market sales of Trelegy are projected to grow to approximately 3.5 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Cabometyx/Cometriq 
 
 Cabometyx (cabozantinib) is a multi-tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) both as monotherapy and in combination with Bristol Myers Squibb s Opdivo (nivolumab) as a first line treatment. Cabometyx is also approved for hepatocellular carcinoma in patients previously treated with sorafenib. Cometriq is approved for progressive, metastatic medullary thyroid cancer. Cabometyx and Cometriq are marketed by Exelixis in the United States and by Ipsen in regions outside the United States and Japan. Cabometyx is marketed in Japan by Takeda. 
 
 We added Cabometyx/Cometriq to our portfolio in March 2021. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2026 and 2029. Total global end market sales for Cabometyx/Cometriq during 2022 were approximately 1.9 billion and we collected 55 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Cabometyx/Cometriq are projected to grow to approximately 2.8 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Farxiga/Onglyza 
 
 Farxiga (dapagliflozin) is a first-in-class selective inhibitor of human sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 indicated as both monotherapy and as part of combination therapy with Onglyza, a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, to improve glycemic control as an adjunct to diet and exercise in adults with type 2 diabetes. Farxiga received FDA approval in May 2020 for the treatment of patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction in both patients with and without type 2 diabetes. Farxiga and Onglyza are both marketed by AstraZeneca. 
 
 We added Farxiga/Onglyza to our portfolio in November 2017. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end in 2025. Total global end market sales for Farxiga/Onglyza during 2022 were approximately 4.6 billion and we collected 44 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Farxiga/Onglyza are projected to be approximately 4.4 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 10 

Evrysdi 
 
 Evrysdi (risdiplam) is a survival motor neuron 2 splicing modifier marketed by Roche, and is the first oral treatment approved for infants, children and adults with all types of spinal muscular atrophy. 
 
 We added Evrysdi to our portfolio in July 2020. Key patents on Evrysdi in the United States expire in 2035, but our royalty will cease when aggregate royalties paid to us equal 1.3 billion. Total global end market sales for Evrysdi during 2022 were approximately 1.2 billion and we collected 41 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Evrysdi are projected to grow to approximately 2.8 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Prevymis 
 
 Prevymis (letermovir) is a first-in-class prophylactic marketed by Merck Co. for the prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus infection and disease in adults who have received an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant. 
 
 We added Prevymis to our portfolio in June 2020. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end in 2029. Total global end market sales for Prevymis during 2022 were approximately 428 million and we collected 37 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Prevymis are projected to grow to approximately 525 million in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Trodelvy 
 
 Trodelvy (sacituzumab govitecan-hziy) is an antibody-drug conjugate for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer and pre-treated hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. Trodelvy was initially developed by Immunomedics and is now marketed by Gilead following the acquisition of Immunomedics in 2020. Gilead is exploring monotherapy and combinations of Trodelvy across numerous cancer indications and lines of therapy. 
 
 We added Trodelvy to our portfolio in January 2018. Our right to receive royalties is perpetual. Total global end market sales for Trodelvy during 2022 were approximately 680 million and we collected 25 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Trodelvy are projected to grow to approximately 2.6 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Orladeyo 
 
 Orladeyo (berotralstat) is a first-in-class oral inhibitor of plasma kallikrein marketed by BioCryst for the prevention of hereditary angioedema attacks. 
 
 We added Orladeyo to our portfolio in December 2020 and purchased an additional interest as part of our expanded funding agreement with BioCryst in November 2021. Our right to receive royalties is perpetual, but we expect that the 2036-2039 patent expirations for Orladeyo may result in potential sales declines based on potential generic entry. Total global end market sales for Orladeyo during 2022 are estimated to be approximately 252 million and we collected 22 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Orladeyo are projected to grow to approximately 725 million in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Erleada 
 
 Erleada (apalutamide) is an oral, small molecule androgen receptor inhibitor indicated for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer and for the treatment of patients with metastatic castration sensitive prostate cancer. It is marketed by Johnson Johnson. 
 
 We added Erleada to our portfolio in February 2019. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end in 2032. Total global end market sales for Erleada during 2022 were approximately 1.9 billion and we collected 21 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Erleada are projected to grow to approximately 4.3 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 11 

Crysvita 
 
 Crysvita (burosumab) is a monoclonal antibody that is approved in the European Union for the treatment of fibroblast growth factor-23 related hypophosphataemia in tumor-induced osteomalacia associated with phosphaturic mesenchymal tumors that cannot be curatively resected or localised in children and adolescents aged 1 to 17 years and in adults. Crysvita is also approved in the European Union for X-linked in children and adolescents aged 1 to 17 years with radiographic evidence of bone disease, and in adults. Crysvita is marketed by Kyowa Kirin and Ultragenyx. 
 
 We added a royalty on Crysvita sales in Europe to our portfolio in December 2019. Our royalties expire when we receive aggregate royalties equal to 608 million if that happens prior to December 31, 2030, and otherwise when we receive aggregate royalties of 800 million. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2033 and 2038. Total end market sales for Crysvita during 2022 are estimated to be approximately 220 million and we collected approximately 20 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. End market sales of Crysvita are projected to grow to approximately 575 million in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Emgality 
 
 Emgality (galcanezumab-gnlm) is a monoclonal antibody calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist indicated for the preventive treatment of migraine and for the treatment of episodic cluster headache marketed by Lilly. 
 
 We added Emgality to our portfolio in March 2019. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end in 2033. Total global end market sales for Emgality during 2022 were approximately 651 million and we collected 19 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Emgality are projected to grow to approximately 1.0 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Oxlumo 
 
 Oxlumo (lumasiran) is a small interfering ribonucleic acid therapeutic targeting hydroxyacid oxidase 1 for the treatment of primary hyperoxaluria type 1 marketed by Alnylam. Oxlumo was approved by the FDA in November 2020. 
 
 We added Oxlumo to our portfolio in April 2021. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2034 and 2035. Total global end market sales for Oxlumo during 2022 are estimated to be approximately 67 million and we collected 3 million in related royalty receipts over the same period. Global end market sales of Oxlumo are projected to grow to approximately 325 million in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Spinraza 
 
 Spinraza is for the treatment for spinal muscular atrophy marketed by Biogen. We added Spinraza to our portfolio in January 2023. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2030 and 2035. Total global end market sales for Spinraza during 2022 are estimated to be approximately 1.8 billion. Global end market sales of Spinraza are projected to be approximately 1.4 billion in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Airsupra 
 
 Airsupra, formerly known as PT027, is a fixed dose combination of the inhaled corticosteroid, budesonide and albuterol, a short-acting beta-2 agonist for the treatment of asthma. Airsupra was approved by the FDA in January 2023. 
 
 We have an equity investment in the Avillion entities, one of which is a party to a co-development agreement with AstraZeneca to advance Airsupra through a global clinical development program for the treatment of asthma in exchange for royalties, a series of success-based milestones and other potential payments. We estimate that distributions from Avillion II for our portion of royalties will substantially end in 2030, but AstraZeneca is entitled to certain buyout rights which, if exercised, would result in earlier expiration. In January 2023, AstraZeneca notified Avillion II that it elected to pay a fee of 80 million to Avillion II to exercise an option to commercialize Airsupra in the United States. We expect to receive our pro rata portion of the exercise fee of approximately 35 million, subject to any holdback for expenses, in 2023. Global end market sales of Airsupra are projected to grow to approximately 550 million in 2027, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 12 

Development-Stage Product Candidates 
 
 Our current portfolio includes 12 development-stage product candidates. These development-stage product candidates have not yet been approved, and therefore have not generated any royalties (and we have not collected any related royalty receipts) to date. 
 
 Aficamten 
 
 Aficamten is a small molecule cardiac myosin inhibitor in Phase 3 development by Cytokinetics for obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (oHCM). We added aficamten to our portfolio in January 2022. If approved, global end market sales of aficamten are projected to grow to approximately 1.5 billion in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Ampreloxetine 
 
 Ampreloxetine is an investigational once-daily norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor in Phase 3 development by Theravance for the treatment of symptomatic neurogenic orthostatic hypotension in patients with multiple system atrophy. We added ampreloxetine to our portfolio in July 2022. If approved, global end market sales of ampreloxetine are projected to grow to approximately 150 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 BCX10013 
 
 BCX10013 is an oral, once-daily Factor D inhibitor for the treatment of complement-mediated diseases. We added BCX10013 to our portfolio as part of our expanded funding agreement with BioCryst in November 2021. In December 2022, BioCryst decided to focus its complement inhibitor development efforts on BCX10013 after discontinuing the development of BCX9930. Visible Alpha does not currently have estimates available for global end market sales of BCX10013 in 2030. 
 
 MK-8189 
 
 MK-8189 is an oral PDE10A inhibitor in Phase 2B development by Merck for the treatment of schizophrenia. We added MK-8189 to our portfolio in October 2022. If approved, global end market sales of MK-8189 are projected to grow to approximately 150 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Olpasiran 
 
 Olpasiran is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) in Phase 3 development by Amgen designed to lower levels of lipoprotein(a), a genetically-determined independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. We added olpasiran to our portfolio in November 2022. If approved, global end market sales of olpasiran are projected to grow to approximately 875 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Omecamtiv mecarbil 
 
 Omecamtiv mecarbil is an oral, small molecule cardiac myosin activator developed by Cytokinetics and under FDA regulatory review for the treatment of heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. 
 
 We added omecamtiv mecarbil to our portfolio in 2017. In November 2020, results from the Phase 3 GALACTIC-HF trial of omecamtiv mecarbil in patients with heart failure were presented at the American Hearth Association Scientific Sessions which showed that the trial met the primary composite endpoint of reduction in cardiovascular death or heart failure events, but did not meet the secondary endpoint of reduction in cardiovascular death. Cytokinetics subsequently regained global rights to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil when Amgen and Servier elected to terminate their collaboration agreement. Following the Phase 3 results and termination of the collaboration announced in 2020, given the uncertainty around the future of omecamtiv mecarbil at the time, we recognized an impairment charge of 65 million related to the write-off of the associated financial royalty asset of 90 million and its associated provision of 25 million in 2020. If approved, global end market sales of omecamtiv mecarbil are projected to grow to approximately 300 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 13 

Pelabresib 
 
 Pelabresib is a bromodomain and extra-terminal inhibitor in Phase 3 development by MorphoSys for myelofibrosis. We added pelabresib to our portfolio in July 2021. If approved, global end market sales of pelabresib are projected to grow to approximately 375 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Pelacarsen 
 
 Pelacarsen is in Phase 3 development by Novartis for the treatment specifically targeting elevated lipoprotein(a), and independent, inherited and causal risk factor for cardiovascular disease. We added pelacarsen to our portfolio in January 2023. If approved, global end market sales of pelacarsen are projected to grow to approximately 825 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Seltorexant 
 
 Seltorexant is a selective orexin 2 receptor antagonist in Phase 3 development for the treatment of major depressive disorder with insomnia symptoms by Johnson Johnson. We added seltorexant to our portfolio in January 2021. If approved, global end market sales of seltorexant are projected to grow to approximately 225 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Trontinemab 
 
 Trontinemab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that targets and binds to aggregated forms of beta-amyloid and activates immune cells in the brain to clear amyloid plaque and prevent further accumulation. Trontinemab is in Phase 2a development and uses Roche s brain shuttle technology, which is designed to transfer the drug across the blood brain barrier and increase the antibody concentration in the brain. We added trontinemab to our portfolio in July 2021. Visible Alpha does not currently have estimates available for global end market sales of trontinemab in 2030. 
 
 Tulmimetostat 
 
 Tulmimetostat, formerly known as CPI-0209, is a second-generation enhancer of zeste homolog 2 inhibitor, in Phase 2 development by MorphoSys for hematological malignancies and solid tumors. We added tulmimetostat to our portfolio in July 2021. If approved, global end market sales of tulmimetostat are projected to grow to approximately 25 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 
 
 Zavegepant 
 
 Zavegepant is a small molecule calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist under FDA regulatory review for the acute treatment of migraine and in Phase 3 development for the prevention of migraine. If approved, zavegepant will be marketed by Pfizer following its acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. 
 
 We added zavegepant to our portfolio in June 2018 and purchased an additional interest as part of our expanded funding agreement with Biohaven in August 2020. We estimate that our royalties will substantially end between 2034 and 2036. As a result of an additional transaction in 2020, we are also entitled to success-based milestone payments, the first of which would be paid upon initial FDA approval of zavegepant. If approved, global end market sales of zavegepant are projected to grow to approximately 850 million in 2030, according to Visible Alpha. 

14 

Royalty Portfolio Summary 
 
 The table below provides a summary of the estimated royalty expiration and the royalty rates for our portfolio: 
 
 Product Therapeutic Area Estimated Royalty Duration (1) 
 Royalty Rate (2) 
 Approved Products Cystic fibrosis franchise Rare disease 2037 (3) 
 For combination therapies, sales are allocated equally to each of the active pharmaceutical ingredients; tiered royalties ranging from single digit to subteen percentages on annual worldwide net sales of ivacaftor, lumacaftor and tezacaftor, and mid-single digit percentages on annual worldwide net sales of elexacaftor Nurtec ODT Neurology 2034-2036 2.1 royalty on annual combined worldwide net sales of Nurtec ODT and zavegepant up to 1.5 billion and 1.5 on annual combined worldwide net sales above 1.5 billion. 0.4 incremental royalty on all Nurtec ODT worldwide net sales Tysabri Neurology Perpetual Contingent payments of 18 on annual worldwide net sales up to 2.0 billion and 25 on annual worldwide net sales above 2.0 billion Imbruvica Cancer 2027-2032 Tiered royalties in the mid-single digits on annual worldwide net sales Xtandi Cancer 2027-2028 Royalty of slightly less than 4 on worldwide net sales Promacta Hematology 2025-2028 Tiered royalty ranging from 4.7 to 9.4 on annual worldwide net sales Tremfya Immunology 2031-2032 Mid-single digit, tiered royalty on annual worldwide net sales Trelegy Respiratory 2029-2030 (4) 
 Royalties are tiered based on annual net sales at 6.5 up to 750 million, 8.0 on sales between 750 million and 1.25 billion, 9.0 on sales between 1.25 billion and 2.25 billion, 10.0 over 2.25 billion Cabometyx/Cometriq Cancer 2026-2029 (5) 
 3 royalty on worldwide net sales Farxiga/Onglyza Diabetes 2025 Payments equivalent to low-single digit downward tiered royalty on annual worldwide net sales Evrysdi Rare disease 2030-2035 (6) 
 Tiered royalties of 3.4 on worldwide net sales up to 500 million, 4.7 on net sales between 500 million and 1 billion, 6.0 on net sales between 1 billion and 2 billion 6.9 on net sales over 2 billion (7) 
 Prevymis Infectious disease 2029 Low-double digit royalty on annual worldwide net sales up to 300 million Trodelvy Cancer Perpetual 4.15 royalty on annual worldwide net sales up to 2 billion, declining stepwise based on sales tiers to 1.75 on net sales above 6 billion Orladeyo Rare disease 2036-2039 (8) 
 9.50 royalty on direct annual net sales of up to 350 million, 4.50 on sales between 350 million and 550 million, and no royalties on sales over 550 million; tiered percentage of sublicense revenue in certain territories Erleada Cancer 2032 Low-single digit royalties on worldwide net sales Crysvita Rare disease 2033-2038 (9) 
 10 royalty on EU, U.K. and Switzerland net sales Emgality Neurology 2033 Low-single digit royalty on annual worldwide net sales Oxlumo Rare disease 2034-2035 Royalties in the mid- to high-single digits based on annual worldwide net sales Spinraza (10) 
 Rare disease 2030-2035 (11) 
 Tiered royalties on up to 1.5 billion of annual worldwide net sales at rates ranging from 2.8 to 3.8 through 2027 and increasing to 5.0 to 6.8 in 2028 (12) 
 Airsupra (13) 
 Respiratory 2030 (14) 
 Tiered royalties in the low-single digits on annual U.S. net sales (15) 
 Development-Stage Product Candidates Aficamten Cardiology 4.5 royalty on annual worldwide net sales up to 1 billion and 3.5 on net sales above 1 billion, subject to certain potential step-downs Ampreloxetine Neurology Low- to mid-single digit royalty on worldwide net sales BCX10013 Rare disease 3.0 royalty on annual worldwide net sales up to 1.5 billion and 2.0 royalty on annual worldwide net sales between 1.5 billion and 3.0 billion MK-8189 Neurology Royalty on worldwide net sales Olpasiran Cardiology Up to low-double digit tiered royalties on worldwide net sales Omecamtiv mecarbil Cardiology 2032-2034 Mid-single digit royalty on worldwide net sales Pelabresib Cancer 3.0 royalty on annual worldwide net sales Pelacarsen (16) 
 Cardiology Upward-tiered mid-single digit royalties on worldwide net sales (17) 
 Seltorexant Neurology Mid-single digit royalty on worldwide net sales Trontinemab 
 Neurology Tiered royalties ranging between 3.3 and 4.2 on annual worldwide net sales (18) 
 Tulmimetostat (19) 
 Cancer 3.0 royalty on worldwide net sales Zavegepant Neurology 2034-2036 2.1 royalty on annual combined worldwide net sales of Nurtec ODT and zavegepant up to 1.5 billion and 1.5 on annual combined worldwide net sales above 1.5 billion. Up to a 3.0 incremental royalty on zavegepant worldwide net sales up to 1.5 billion and up to 2.0 incremental royalty on zavegepant worldwide net sales above 1.5 billion 
 15 

Notes: 
 (1) Durations shown represent our estimates as of the current reporting date of when a royalty will substantially end, which may depend on clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, contractual terms, commercial developments, estimates of patent expiration dates (which may include estimated patent term extensions) or other factors and may vary by geography. There can be no assurances that our royalties will expire when expected. 
 (2) The royalties in our portfolio are subject to the underlying contractual agreements from which they arise and may be subject to reductions or other adjustments in accordance with the terms of such agreements. 
 (3) Royalty is perpetual; year shown represents Trikafta expected patent expiration and potential sales decline based on timing of potential generic entry. 
 (4) We will pay Theravance Biopharma, Inc. 85 of the royalties in respect of ex-U.S. net sales after June 30, 2029 and 85 of the royalties in respect of U.S. net sales after December 31, 2030. 
 (5) Royalties on net sales of cabozantinib products in the United States through September 2026 and non-U.S. markets through the full term of the royalty. 
 (6) Key patents on Evrysdi in the United States expire in 2035, but our royalty will cease when aggregate royalties paid to us equal 1.3 billion. 
 (7) We are entitled to approximately 43 of the tiered royalties ranging from 8 to 16 for Evrysdi. 
 (8) Royalty is perpetual; years shown represent estimated United States patent expiration for Orladeyo and potential sales decline based on timing of generic entry. 
 (9) Royalties expire when we receive aggregate royalties equal to 608 million if that happens prior to December 31, 2030, and otherwise when we receive aggregate royalties of 800 million. 
 (10) We acquired an interest in Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Ionis royalty in Biogen's Spinraza in January 2023. 
 (11) Our royalty interest in Spinraza will revert to Ionis after we receive aggregate Spinraza royalties equal to 475 million or 550 million, depending on the timing and occurrence of certain events. 
 (12) We are entitled to 25 of Ionis Spinraza royalty payments of 11 to 15 on annual worldwide net sales through 2027, increasing to 45 of royalty payments in 2028. 
 (13) Product formerly known as PT027. 
 (14) AstraZeneca is entitled to certain buyout rights which, if exercised, would result in earlier expiration. 
 (15) Represents the portion of the royalties on Airsupra that we are entitled to based on our minority ownership stake in Avillion II. 
 (16) We acquired an interest in Ionis royalty in Novartis' pelacarsen in January 2023. 
 (17) We are entitled to 25 of Ionis pelacarsen royalty payments of mid-teens to low-20 on annual worldwide net sales. 
 (18) We are entitled to 60 of MorphoSys trontinemab royalty payments ranging from 5.5 to 7 of worldwide net sales. 
 (19) Product formerly known as CPI-0209. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our royalties will expire when expected. Any reductions in the durations of royalties relative to our estimates may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See Risk Factors in Item 1A, Risk Factors for further information. 
 
 Fixed Payment Arrangements 
 
 The table below provides a summary of our fixed payment arrangements: 
 
 Funding Arrangement Therapeutic Area Key Terms (1) 
 Zavegepant Success-Based Milestones 
 Neurology Success-based milestone payments from 1.9 to 2.95 times the funded amount of 250.0 million, depending on specific zavegepant regulatory approvals. 
 Success-based milestone payment of 475.0 million, or 1.9 times the funded amount, if zavegepant s first regulatory approval in migraine is achieved. 
 Incremental payments of up to 1.05 times the funded amount may be triggered by certain additional regulatory approvals. 
 Each milestone event achieved will result in an accelerated lump sum payment. 
 MorphoSys Development Funding Bonds 
 Not applicable 
 Payments to us of approximately 2.2 times the 300.0 million funded amount. 
 Expected payments in 36 consecutive quarterly payments from the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding 
 Cardiology Up to five tranches totaling 300.0 million, including first 50.0 million tranche funded in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Payments to us of 1.9 times the amount drawn, except for the second and third tranches, which each total 2.0 times the amount drawn. 
 Required draw of 50.0 million if a certain contingency is met and optional draw of the remaining 200.0 million if certain regulatory and clinical development milestones are met. 
 Each subsequent tranche has a 12-month draw period once certain clinical and regulatory milestones are met. 
 34 consecutive quarterly payments to us on the last business day of the seventh quarter following the quarter of the funding date for each tranche. 
 
 (1) Our fixed payment arrangements are subject to the underlying contractual agreements and legal instruments from which they arise and may be subject to reduction, accelerations, and other adjustments in accordance with the respective terms of such agreements and instruments. 
 16 

Competition 
 
 We face competition from other entities that acquire biopharmaceutical royalties, including competitors to the Manager that are in the similar business of acquiring biopharmaceutical royalties. There are a limited number of suitable and attractive acquisition opportunities available in the market. Therefore, competition to acquire such assets is intense. The Manager is subject to competition from other potential royalty buyers, including from the companies that market the products on which royalties are paid, financial institutions and other entities. These other potential royalty buyers may be larger and better capitalized than us. The Manager may not be able to identify and obtain a sufficient number of asset acquisition opportunities to invest the full amount of capital that may be available to us. We also compete with other forms of financing available to biopharmaceutical companies, such as equity, debt or convertible debt financing and licensing opportunities. If biopharmaceutical companies opt to finance through such other means, we may not be able to acquire additional assets or grow our business. There can be no assurance that we will continue to acquire biopharmaceutical products and companies that hold biopharmaceutical royalties that are acceptable to us. 
 
 The products that provide the basis for the cash flows of the biopharmaceutical products in which we invest are also subject to intense competition. The biopharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive and rapidly evolving industry. The length of any product s commercial life cannot be predicted. There can be no assurance that one or more products will not be rendered obsolete or non-competitive by new or alternate products or improvements made to existing products, either by the current marketer of such products or by another marketer. Adverse competition, obsolescence, governmental and regulatory action, or healthcare policy changes could significantly affect the revenues, including royalty-related revenues, of the products which serve as the security or other support for the payments due under the biopharmaceutical products that we hold. 
 
 Competitive factors affecting the market position and success of each product include: 
 effectiveness; 
 safety and side effect profile; 
 price, including third-party insurance reimbursement policies; 
 timing, introduction and marketer support of the product; 
 efficacy and execution of marketing and commercialization strategy; 
 market acceptance; 
 manufacturing, supply and distribution; 
 governmental regulation, including price caps; 
 availability of lower-cost generics or biosimilars; 
 intellectual property protection and exclusivity; 
 treatment innovations that eliminate or minimize the need for a product; and 
 product liability claims. 
 
 Products for which we have a royalty receivable or other interest may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive by new or alternate products, including generics or biosimilars, improvements on existing products or governmental or regulatory action. In addition, as biopharmaceutical companies increasingly devote significant resources to innovate next-generation products and therapies, products on which we have a royalty may become unattractive to commercialize or obsolete. If a product s market acceptance is diminished or it is withdrawn from the market, continuing payments with respect to biopharmaceutical products, including royalty payments and payments of interest on and repayment of the principal, may not be made on time or at all, which may affect our ability to realize the benefits of the royalty receivable or other interest in such product and may result in us incurring asset impairment charges. Further, any product for which we have a royalty receivable or other interest that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. Many approved drugs are well established therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage the use of generic products. Any of these developments could adversely affect products for which we have a royalty, and consequently could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 17 

Corporate Responsibility 
 
 We are the largest buyer of biopharmaceutical royalties and a leading funder of innovation across the biopharma industry, collaborating with innovators from academic institutions, research hospitals and non-profits through small and mid-cap biotechnology companies to leading global pharmaceutical companies. We have assembled a portfolio of royalties which entitles us to payments based directly on the top-line sales of many of the industry s leading therapies. Our sustainability efforts reflect the uniqueness of our business model. We believe that our environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy, policies and practices will create sustainable long-term value for our company, our employees, our shareholders and other stakeholders while also helping us reduce risk and identify new opportunities. 
 
 Governance 
 
 Risk management, compliance and high ethical standards are foundational to our culture. One of our most valuable assets is our reputation for integrity, professionalism, fairness and good stewardship. Our strong corporate governance program, from board oversight to robust management practices, aligns the interests of our stakeholders and underpins our market-leading position and the high esteem with which we are held in the life sciences industry. 
 
 Culture 
 
 We believe our people are the key to our success and are what sets us apart. We seek to have a well-rounded, diverse workplace, which reflects our shareholders and other stakeholders with whom we collaborate, and the communities in which we live and work. We value diverse teams and backgrounds: as of December 31, 2022, 52 of the workforce of our Manager are women and approximately 33 of the workforce of our Manager are ethnically diverse. 
 
 Social 
 
 We collaborate with organizations seeking to address health needs, improve health outcomes, spur innovation and expand patient care opportunities. Approximately one-fourth (by value) of the royalty transactions we have completed since 2012 have been with leading academic and non-profit institutions. By partnering with these institutions, we have provided capital which has been used to further scientific research (for example, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation). Our philanthropy seeks to address the challenges of a complex and evolving world by providing funds and resources to support programs that enable innovation in the life sciences, reduce the risk of disease, strengthen access to healthcare and ensure equal access to quality healthcare. We are committed to good corporate citizenship and actively support the work of a number of patient advocacy groups and medical research foundations, including the Leukemia Lymphoma Society, National Multiple Sclerosis Society, Lupus Research Alliance, Melanoma Research Alliance and Prostate Cancer Foundation. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Our directors and executive officers manage our operations and activities. However, we do not currently have any employees or any officers other than our executive officers. Pursuant to the management agreements entered into in connection with our initial public offering (collectively, the Management Agreement with the Manager, the Manager performs corporate and administration services for us. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Manager had 75 employees. None of these employees are represented by labor unions or covered by any collective bargaining agreement. We believe that the Manager s relations with its employees are satisfactory. 
 
 18 

Human Capital 
 
 Because we are externally managed, we do not employ our own personnel, but instead depend upon the Manager and its executive officers and employees for all of the services we require. Under the Management Agreement, the Manager manages the assets of our business and sources and evaluates royalty acquisitions. Accordingly, our success is dependent upon the expertise and services of the executive officers and other personnel provided to us through the Manager. The Manager is responsible for the selection of these executive officers and other personnel, and our Board of Directors reviews personnel with the Manager with the objective of evaluating the Manager s internal capabilities. The Management Development and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors in consultation with the Manager also plans for the succession of senior management of the Manager. The Management Agreement requires the Manager s executives to devote substantially all of their time to managing us, Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV RPI or RPI 2019 ICAV and any legacy vehicles related to Royalty Pharma Investments, an Irish unit trust Old RPI unless otherwise approved by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 
 Our business has been and will continue to be subject to numerous laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings and actions by various governmental bodies. See Risk Factors in Item 1A, Risk Factors for further information. Our compliance with these laws and regulations has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, financial condition or competitive position in excess of those affecting 
 others in our industry. 
 
 We believe that there are no compliance issues with laws and regulations that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, that have adversely affected, or are reasonably expected to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures arising from environmental regulation. We believe that climate change could present risks to our business. Some of the potential impacts of climate change to our business include increased operating costs due to additional regulatory requirements and the risk of disruptions to our business. We do not believe these risks are material to our business at this time. 
 
 U.S. Investment Company Act Status 
 
 We intend to conduct our business so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act. An entity generally will be determined to be an investment company for purposes of the U.S. Investment Company Act if, absent an applicable exemption, (i) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the ICA 40 Test. 
 
 We do not hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, and believe that we are not engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe that, for U.S. Investment Company Act purposes, we are engaged primarily, through one or more of our subsidiaries, in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring certain obligations that represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise. Our subsidiaries that are so engaged rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, which, according to certain SEC staff interpretations, generally may be available to an issuer that invests at least 55 of its assets in notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services, which we refer to as ICA Exception Qualifying Assets, and that does not issue any redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates. 
 
 In a no-action letter, dated August 13, 2010, to our predecessor, the SEC staff promulgated an interpretation that royalties that entitle an issuer to collect royalty receivables that are directly based on the sales price of specific biopharmaceutical assets that use intellectual property covered by specific license agreements are ICA Exception Qualifying Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A). We rely on this no-action letter for the position that royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets that we hold are ICA Exception Qualifying Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), which is described below. 
 
 19 

As the parent of one or more subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A), we currently are exempted from registration as an investment company based on Section 3(a)(1)(C) and/or Section 3(c)(6) of the U.S. Investment Company Act. To ensure that we are not obligated to register as an investment company, we must not exceed the thresholds provided by the ICA 40 Test. For purposes of the ICA 40 Test, the term investment securities does not include U.S. government securities or securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, such as majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A). We also may rely on Section 3(c)(6), which, based on SEC staff interpretations, requires us to invest, either directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, at least 55 of our assets in, as relevant here, businesses relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A). For a subsidiary to be majority-owned, a parent entity must own a majority of the voting securities of the applicable security. Therefore, the assets that we and our subsidiaries hold and acquire are limited by the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 If the SEC or its staff in the future adopts a contrary interpretation to that provided in the no-action letter to Royalty Pharma or otherwise restricts the conclusions in the SEC staff s no-action letter such that royalties are no longer treated as ICA Exception Qualifying Assets for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), or the SEC or its staff in the future determines that the no-action letter does not apply to some or all types of royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets, our business will be materially and adversely affected. In particular, we would be required either to convert to a corporation formed under the laws of the United States or a state thereof (which would likely result in our being subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation) and to register as an investment company, or to stop all business activities in the United States until such time as the SEC grants an application to register us as an investment company formed under non-U.S. law. It is unlikely that such an application would be granted and, even if it were, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, our ability to transact business with affiliates and our ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted. Our no longer qualifying for an exemption from registration as an investment company would materially and adversely affect the value of your Class A ordinary shares and our ability to pay dividends in respect of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our predecessor was founded in 1996 and we were incorporated under the laws of England and Wales on February 6, 2020. We are a holding company, and our principal asset is a controlling equity interest in Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd RP Holdings ). Our principal executive offices are located at 110 East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 883-0200. Our Internet site is www.royaltypharma.com. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our agent for service in the United States is CSC North America located at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on the Investors section of our website at https://royaltypharma.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. We use the Investor section of our website as a means of disclosing material information. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Statements and information concerning our status as a Passive Foreign Investment Company PFIC for U.S. taxpayers are also available, free of charge, on the Investors section of our website under Tax Information. The information contained on or connected to the websites referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 20 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes . Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 sales risks of biopharmaceutical products on which we receive royalties; 
 the growth of the royalty market; 
 the ability of the Manager to identify suitable assets for us to acquire; 
 uncertainties related to the acquisition of interests in development-stage biopharmaceutical product candidates and our strategy to add development-stage product candidates to our product portfolio; 
 potential strategic acquisitions of biopharmaceutical companies; 
 our use of leverage in connection with our capital deployment; 
 our ability to leverage our competitive strengths; 
 marketers of products that generate our royalties are outside of our control and are responsible for development, pursuit of ongoing regulatory approval, commercialization, manufacturing and marketing; 
 governmental regulation of the biopharmaceutical industry; 
 interest rate risk, foreign exchange fluctuations and inflation; 
 our reliance on the Manager for all services we require and key members of the Manager s senior advisory team; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Manager and its affiliates; 
 the ability of the Manager or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 the assumptions underlying our business model; 
 our reliance on a limited number of products; 
 the competitive nature of the biopharmaceutical industry; 
 Risks Relating to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 our organizational structure, including our status as a holding company; 
 Risks Relating to Our Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 volatility of the market price of our Class A ordinary shares; 
 our incorporation under English law; 
 Risks Relating to Taxation 
 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 21 

General Risk Factors 
 
 the impact of COVID-19, or the future outbreak of any other infectious or contagious diseases, on our operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 Biopharmaceutical products are subject to sales risks. 
 
 Biopharmaceutical product sales may be lower than expected due to a number of reasons, including pricing pressures, insufficient demand, product competition, failure of clinical trials, lack of market acceptance, changes in the marketer s strategic priorities, obsolescence, lack of acceptance by government healthcare programs and private insurance plans, loss of patent protection, government regulations, the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic or other factors, and development-stage product candidates may fail to reach the market. Unexpected side effects, safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to a product, leading to product recalls, withdrawals, declining sales or litigation. As a result, payments of our royalties may be reduced or cease. In addition, these payments may be delayed, causing our near-term financial performance to be weaker than expected. 
 
 The royalty market may not grow at the same rate as it has in the past, or at all, and we may not be able to acquire sufficient royalties to sustain the growth of our business. 
 
 We have been able to grow our business over time by primarily acquiring royalties. However, we may not be able to identify and acquire a sufficient number of royalties, or royalties of sufficient scale, to invest the full amount of capital that may be available to us in the future, or at our targeted amount and rate of deployment, which could prevent us from executing our growth strategy and negatively impact our results of operations. Changes in the royalty market, including its structure, participants and growth rate, changes in preferred methods of financing and capital raising in the biopharmaceutical industry, or a reduction in the growth of the biopharmaceutical industry, could lead to diminished opportunities for us to acquire royalties, fewer royalties (or fewer royalties of significant scale) being available, or increased competition for royalties. Even if we continue to acquire royalties, they may not generate a meaningful return for a period of several years, if at all, due to numerous factors including the structure of the transaction, or circumstances relating to the underlying products. As a result, we may not be able to continue to grow as we have in the past, or at all. 
 
 Acquisitions of royalties on development-stage biopharmaceutical product candidates are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 
 We may acquire more royalties on development-stage product candidates that have not yet received marketing approval by any regulatory authority. There can be no assurance that the FDA, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA ), the European Medicines Agency EMA ), Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency PMDA or other regulatory authorities will approve such products or that such products will be brought to market timely or at all, or that the market will be receptive to such products. For example, in June 2021, we acquired from MorphoSys the right to receive royalties and certain milestone payments on gantenerumab, an anti-amyloid-beta monoclonal antibody that was in Phase 3 development for Alzheimer s disease by Roche. Subsequently on November 30, 2022, Roche stated that it would discontinue clinical trials of gantenerumab after the GRADUATE I and II studies evaluating gantenerumab in people with early Alzheimer s disease did not meet their primary endpoint of slowing clinical decline. As a result, we concluded that a non-cash impairment charge of 273.6 million related to the financial royalty asset associated with gantenerumab was required. 
 
 If the FDA, MHRA, the EMA, PMDA or other regulatory authority approves a development-stage product candidate that generates our royalties, the labeling, packaging, manufacturing, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with the product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, may result in restrictions on the marketing of the product, including for certain patient populations, and could include withdrawal of the product from the market. Uncertainty relating to development-stage product candidates also make it more difficult to develop precise and accurate assumptions for our internal models relating to any such development-stage product candidate, which can result in reduced royalties compared to estimates. 
 
 22 

In addition, the developers of these development-stage product candidates may not be able to raise additional capital to continue their discovery, development and commercialization activities, which may cause them to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of their clinical trials or R D programs. If other product developers introduce and market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the relevant products that generate our royalties, or if such developers introduce their products prior to the competing products underlying our royalties, such products may not achieve commercial success and thereby result in diminished returns, or potentially reduced royalties for us, adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 
 Further, the developers of such products may not have sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. If no sales, marketing or distribution arrangements can be made on acceptable terms or at all, the affected product may not be able to be successfully commercialized, which will result in a loss for us. Losses from such assets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 While we believe that we can evaluate the likelihood of a development-stage product candidate s approval and achieving significant sales, there can be no assurance that our assumptions will prove correct, that regulatory authorities will approve such development-stage product candidates, that such development-stage product candidates will be brought to market timely or at all, or that such products will achieve commercial success. 
 
 Our strategy of acquiring royalty interests in development-stage product candidates, including by co-funding clinical development and acquiring securities of biopharmaceutical companies, is subject to risks and uncertainties. 
 
 We intend to continue to provide capital to innovators to co-fund clinical development of a product candidate in exchange for a share of the future revenues of that asset and when we do so, we do not control its clinical development. In these situations, the innovators may not complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their obligations or our expectations, comply with applicable laws or regulations or any disruption in the relationships between us and these third parties, could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of the development-stage product candidate for which we have provided funding. 
 
 We seek to further expand our market opportunity by acquiring securities issued by biopharmaceutical companies. Where we may acquire equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, the value of those securities will fluctuate, and may depreciate in value. We will likely not control the company in which we acquire securities, and as a result, we may have limited ability to determine its management, operational decisions and policies. Further, while we may seek to mitigate the risks and liabilities of such transactions through, among other things, due diligence, there may be risks and liabilities that such due diligence efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess. In addition, as a result of our activities we receive material non-public information about other companies from time to time. Where such information relates to a company whose equity securities we hold, we may be delayed or prevented from selling such securities when we would otherwise choose to do so, and such delay or prohibition may result in a loss or reduced gain on such securities. 
 
 We may undertake strategic acquisitions of biopharmaceutical companies with significant royalty assets. Our failure to realize expected benefits of such acquisitions or our incurrence of unanticipated liabilities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may acquire companies with significant royalty assets or where we believe we could create significant synthetic royalties. These acquired or created royalty assets may not perform as we project. Moreover, the acquisition of operating biopharmaceutical companies will result in the assumption of, or exposure to, liabilities of the acquired business that are not inherent in our other royalty acquisitions, such as direct exposure to product liability claims, high fixed costs and an expansion of our operations and expense structure, thereby potentially decreasing our profitability. The diversion of our management s attention and any delay or difficulties encountered in connection with any future acquisitions we may consummate could result in the disruption of our on-going business operations. Despite our business, financial and legal due diligence efforts, we have limited experience in assessing acquisition opportunities, and we ultimately may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all risks associated with such acquisitions. Moreover, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing to acquire any businesses or products, which may result in dilution for shareholders or the incurrence of indebtedness. As a result, our acquisition of biopharmaceutical companies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

We use leverage in connection with our capital deployment, which magnifies the potential for loss if the royalties acquired do not generate sufficient income to us. 
 
 We use borrowed funds to finance a significant portion of our deployed capital. The use of leverage creates an opportunity for an increased return but also increases the risk of loss if our assets do not generate sufficient income to us. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowings may not be covered by our cash flow. In addition, leverage may inhibit our operating flexibility and reduce cash flow available for dividends to our shareholders. The level of our indebtedness could limit our ability to respond to changing business conditions. The various agreements relating to our borrowings may impose operating and financial restrictions on us which could affect the number and size of the royalties that we may pursue. Therefore, no assurance can be given that we will be able to take advantage of favorable conditions or opportunities as a result of any restrictive covenants under our indebtedness. There can also be no assurance that additional debt financing, either to replace or increase existing debt financing, will be available when needed or, if available, will be obtainable on terms that are commercially reasonable. Additional risks related to our leverage include: 
 
 our royalties may be used as collateral for our borrowings; 
 in the event of a default under secured borrowings, if any, one or more of our creditors or their assignees could obtain control of our royalties and, in the event of a distressed sale, these creditors could dispose of these royalties for significantly less value than we could realize for them; 
 we have to comply with various financial covenants in the agreements that govern our debt, including requirements to maintain certain leverage ratios and coverage ratios, which may affect our ability to achieve our business objectives; 
 our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders may be restricted; and 
 to the extent that interest rates at which we borrow increase, our borrowing costs will increase and our leveraging strategy will become more costly, which could lead to diminished net profits. 
 We do not employ our own personnel and are entirely dependent upon the Manager for all the services we require. 
 Because we are externally managed, we do not employ our own personnel, but instead depend upon the Manager, its executive officers and its employees for all of the services we require. The Manager selects and manages the acquisition of royalties and similar payment streams that meet our investment criteria and provides all our other administrative services. Accordingly, our success is dependent upon the expertise and services of the executive officers and other personnel provided to us through the Manager. The Management Agreement has an initial term of ten years, after which it can be renewed for an additional term of three years, unless either we or the Manager provide notice of non-renewal 180 days prior the expiration of the initial term or renewal term. The Manager may not be removed during the initial or any renewal term without cause. While our Management Agreement requires its executives to devote substantially all their time to managing us and any legacy vehicles related to RPI or Old RPI unless otherwise approved by the board of directors, such resources may prove to be inadequate to meet our needs. 
 The success of our business depends upon key members of the Manager s senior advisory team who may not continue to work for the Manager. 
 We depend on the expertise, skill and network of business contacts of the advisory professionals of the Manager, who evaluate, negotiate, structure, execute, monitor and service our assets in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of the advisory professionals of the Manager, particularly Mr. Legorreta. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, executives of the Manager must devote substantially all of their business time to managing us, unless otherwise approved by the board of directors. Despite this, Mr. Legorreta and other key advisory professionals may have other demands on their time, and we cannot assure you that they will continue to be actively involved in our business. Each of these individuals is an employee of the Manager and is not subject to an employment contract with us. The departure of any of these individuals or competing demands on their time could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 

The key advisory professionals of the Manager have relationships with participants in the biopharmaceutical industry, financial institutions and other advisory professionals, which we rely upon to source potential asset acquisition opportunities. If the key advisory professionals of the Manager fail to maintain such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources, we may not be able to grow our portfolio. In addition, we can offer no assurance that these relationships, even if maintained, will generate asset acquisition opportunities for us in the future. 
 There can be no assurance that the policies and procedures we have established to mitigate conflicts of interest will be effective in doing so. 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager cannot manage another entity that invests in or acquires royalties other than any legacy vehicle related to RPI or Old RPI. Every executive of our Manager is subject to a non-compete agreement that is effective for 18 months following termination of their employment with the Manager for any reason. We are a beneficiary of these agreements. In addition, executives of the Manager must devote substantially all of their time to managing us and any legacy vehicle related to RPI or Old RPI, unless otherwise approved by the board of directors. Despite this, the ability of our Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities, subject to the terms of our Management Agreement, may reduce the amount of time our Manager, its officers or other employees spend managing us. 
 Furthermore, there could be conflicts of interest between us and our advisory personnel. For instance, Mr. Legorreta, our Chief Executive Officer, is also a co-founder of and has significant influence over Pharmakon Advisors, which shares physical premises with the Manager. Pharmakon manages BioPharma Credit PLC (LSE: BPCR) and other investment vehicles that collectively are leading providers of debt capital to the biopharmaceutical industry. Mr. Legorreta has a substantial investment in BioPharma Credit. In addition, Mr. Legorreta serves as the chairperson of the board of directors of ProKidney Corp. and he has founded and participates in foundations that receive and provide medical research funding. Even though he has the involvement with Pharmakon, BioPharma Credit PLC, ProKidney Corp. and the foundations described above, Mr. Legorreta does not have any material constraints on the time he has available to devote to us and the Manager. From time to time, the Manager and Pharmakon may pursue similar investment opportunities for their respective clients, although we believe that actual conflicts of interest are rare due to the differing investment strategies of Pharmakon and us, and the fact that royalty holders, rather than Pharmakon and us, determine the type of transaction they seek. Under arrangements with Pharmakon, the Manager subleases office space to Pharmakon, and the parties may provide research, business development, legal, compliance, financial and administrative services to one another. The Manager and Pharmakon reimburse each other to the extent that one of them provides materially more services to the other than they receive in return. In consideration of the support provided to Pharmakon by the Manager, certain employees of the Manager receive compensation from Pharmakon. 
 In addition, the structure of our Manager s compensation arrangements may have unintended consequences. We have agreed to pay our Manager or its affiliates quarterly operating and personnel expenses (the Operating and Personnel Payments ), a portion of which is based on the mark-to-market value of security investments, including equity securities and derivative financial instruments, at the end of each quarter and is payable to the Manager regardless of whether we realize any gain on the security investments when sold. Consequently, the Manager may be incentivized to have us make security investments regardless of our expected gain on such investments, which may not align with our or our shareholders interests. 
 To service our indebtedness and meet our other ongoing liquidity needs, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. If we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the required payments under our indebtedness. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding was 7.3 billion. In addition, we have up to 1.5 billion of available revolving commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). Except for RP Holdings, our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior unsecured notes will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the senior unsecured notes or to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 Absent sufficient cash flow and the ability to refinance, we could also be forced to sell assets to make up for any shortfall in our payment obligations. However, the terms of the agreements that govern our existing outstanding debt limit, our and our subsidiaries ability to sell assets and also restrict the use of proceeds from such a sale. Accordingly, we may not be able to sell assets quickly enough or for sufficient amounts to enable us to meet our obligations on our indebtedness. 
 
 25 

Our business is subject to interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risk. 
 We are subject to interest rate fluctuation exposure through any borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and our investments in money market accounts and marketable securities, the majority of which bear a variable interest rate. In addition, the discontinuation, modification or other reform of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), or the replacement of LIBOR with a different reference rate, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), could create uncertainty regarding the nature of potential changes to and future utilization of specific reference rates, require us to amend certain agreements or increase our interest expense. To the extent that interest rates generally increase, our borrowing costs will increase and our leveraging strategy will become more costly, leading to diminished net profits. 
 Certain products pay royalties in currencies other than U.S. dollars, which creates foreign currency risk primarily with respect to the Euro, Canadian dollar, British pound, Swiss franc and Japanese yen, as our functional and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. In addition, our results of operations are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through transactional exposure resulting from movements in exchange rates between the time we recognize royalty income or royalty revenue and the time at which the transaction settles, or we receive the royalty payment. Because we are entitled to royalties on worldwide sales for various products, there is an underlying exposure to foreign currency as the marketer converts payment amounts from local currencies to U.S. dollars using a quarterly average exchange rate. Therefore, cash received may differ from the estimated receivable based on fluctuations in currency. We are also subject to foreign exchange rate risk caused by significant events with macroeconomic impacts, including, but not limited to, the Russia-Ukraine war, COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation. Changes in the value of currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, or high inflation in countries using a currency other than the U.S. dollar, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. 
 Information about the biopharmaceutical products underlying the royalties we buy available to us may be limited and therefore our ability to analyze each product and its potential future cash flow may be similarly limited. 
 We may have limited information concerning the products generating the royalties we are evaluating for acquisition. Often, the information we have regarding products following our acquisition of a royalty may be limited to the information that is available in the public domain. Therefore, there may be material information that relates to such products that we would like to know but do not have and may not be able to obtain. For example, we do not always know the results of studies conducted by marketers of the products or others or the nature or amount of any complaints from doctors or users of such products. In addition, the market data that we obtain independently may also prove to be incomplete or incorrect. Due to these and other factors, the actual cash flow from a royalty may be significantly lower than our estimates. 
 Our future income is dependent upon numerous royalty-specific assumptions and, if these assumptions prove not to be accurate, we may not achieve our expected rates of returns. 
 Our business model is based on multiple-year internal and external forecasts regarding product sales and numerous product-specific assumptions in connection with each royalty acquisition, including where we have limited information regarding the product. There can be no assurance that the assumptions underlying our financial models, including those regarding product sales or competition, patent expirations, exclusivity terms, license terms or license terminations for the products underlying our portfolio, are accurate. These assumptions involve a significant element of subjective judgment and may be, and in the past have been, adversely affected by post-acquisition changes in market conditions and other factors affecting the underlying product. The risks relating to these assumptions may be exacerbated for development-stage product candidates due to the uncertainties around their development, labeling, regulatory approval, commercialization timing, manufacturing and supply, competing products or related factors. Our assumptions regarding the financial stability or operational or marketing capabilities of the partner obligated to pay us royalties may also prove, and in the past have proven, to be incorrect. Due to these and other factors, the assets in our current portfolio or future assets may not generate expected returns or returns in line with our historical financial performance or in the time periods we expect or at all, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 
 We make assumptions regarding the royalty duration for terms that are not contractually fixed, and a shortened royalty term could result in a reduction in the effective interest rate, a decline in income from royalties, significant reductions in royalty payments compared to expectations, or a permanent impairment. 
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), we classify most royalty assets that we acquire as financial assets that are measured at amortized cost using the prospective effective interest method described in ASC 835-30. The effective interest rate is calculated by forecasting the expected cash flows to be received over the life of the asset relative to the initial invested amount, net of any purchased receivables. A critical component of such forecast is our assumptions regarding duration of the royalty. 
 26 

The royalty duration is important for purposes of accurately measuring interest income over the life of a royalty. In making assumptions around the royalty duration for terms that are not contractually fixed, we consider the strength of existing patent protection, expected entry of generics, geographical exclusivity periods and potential patent term extensions tied to the underlying product. 
 The duration of a royalty usually varies on a country-by-country basis and can be based on a number of factors, such as patent expiration dates, regulatory exclusivity, years from first commercial sale of the patent-protected product, the entry of competing generic or biosimilar products, or other terms set out in the contracts governing the royalty. It is common for royalty durations to expire earlier or later than anticipated due to unforeseen positive or negative developments over time, including with respect to the granting of patents and patent term extensions, the invalidation of patents, litigation between the party controlling the patents and third party challengers of the patents, the ability of third parties to design around or circumvent valid patents, the granting of regulatory exclusivity periods or extensions, timing for the arrival of generic or biosimilar competitor products, changes to legal or regulatory regimes affecting intellectual property rights or the regulation of pharmaceutical products, product life cycles, and industry consolidations. 
 If an unexpected shortening of a royalty term were to occur, it could result in a reduction in the effective interest rate, a decline in income from royalties, and a significant reduction in royalty payments compared to expectations, or a permanent impairment. 
 Most of our royalties are classified as financial assets that are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method as a result of which our GAAP results of operations can be volatile and unpredictable. 
 In accordance with GAAP, most of the royalty assets we acquire are treated as investments in cash flow streams and are thus classified as financial assets. Under this classification, our financial royalty assets are treated as having a yield component that resembles loans measured at amortized cost under the effective interest accounting methodology. Under this accounting methodology, we calculate the effective interest rate on each financial royalty asset using a forecast of the expected cash flows to be received over the life of the financial royalty asset relative to the initial acquisition price. The yield, which is calculated at the end of each reporting period and applied prospectively, is then recognized via accretion into our income at the effective rate of return over the expected life of the financial royalty asset. 
 As a result of the non-cash charges associated with the application of the effective interest method accounting methodology, our income statement activity in respect of many of our royalties can be volatile and unpredictable. Small declines in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts over a long time horizon can result in an immediate non-cash income statement expense recognition, even though the applicable cash inflows will not be realized for many years into the future. For example, in late 2014 we acquired the cystic fibrosis franchise, which is classified as a financial royalty asset. Beginning in the second quarter of 2015, declines in near-term sales forecasts of sell-side equity research analysts caused us to recognize non-cash provision expenses to the income statement and build up a corresponding cumulative allowance which reduced the gross balance for this financial royalty asset. Over the course of 10 quarters, we recognized non-cash provision expenses as a result of these changes in forecasts, including a non-cash expense of 743.2 million in 2016, ultimately reaching a peak cumulative allowance of 1.30 billion by September 30, 2017 related to this financial royalty asset. With the approval of the Vertex triple combination therapy, Trikafta, in October 2019, sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts increased to reflect the larger addressable market and the extension of the expected duration of the Trikafta royalty. While small reductions in the cumulative allowance for the cystic fibrosis franchise were recognized as provision income in 2017 and 2018, there remained a 1.10 billion cumulative allowance that was fully reduced by recognizing non-cash provision income of 1.10 billion in 2019 as a result of an increase in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts associated with the Trikafta approval. The financial statement impact caused by the application of the effective interest accounting methodology could result in a negative perception of our results in a given period. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of products may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 While our current asset portfolio includes royalties relating to over 35 marketed products and 12 development-stage product candidates, the top five product franchises accounted for 69 of our royalty receipts in the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, our asset portfolio may not be fully diversified by geographic region or other criteria. Any significant deterioration in the cash flows from the top products in our asset portfolio could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 27 

We face competition in acquiring royalties and locating suitable royalties to acquire. 
 There are a limited number of suitable and attractive opportunities to acquire high-quality royalties available in the market. Therefore, competition to acquire such royalties is intense and may increase. We compete with other potential acquirers for these opportunities, including companies that market the products on which royalties are paid, financial institutions and others. These competitors may be able to access lower cost capital, may be larger than us, may have relationships that provide them access to opportunities before us, or may be willing to acquire royalties for lower projected returns than we are. 
 Biopharmaceutical products are subject to substantial competition. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive and rapidly evolving industry. The length of any product s commercial life cannot be predicted with certainty. There can be no assurance that one or more products on which we are entitled to a royalty will not be rendered obsolete or non-competitive by new or alternate products or improvements on which we are not entitled to a royalty made to existing products, either by the current marketer of such products or by another marketer. Current marketers of products may undertake these development efforts in order to improve their products or to avoid paying our royalty. Adverse competition, obsolescence or governmental and regulatory action or healthcare policy changes could significantly affect the revenues, including royalty-related revenues, of the products which generate our royalties. 
 Competitive factors affecting the market position and success of each product include: 
 effectiveness; 
 safety and side effect profile; 
 price, including third-party insurance reimbursement policies; 
 timing, introduction and marketer support of the product; 
 efficacy and execution of marketing and commercialization strategy; 
 market acceptance; 
 manufacturing, supply and distribution; 
 governmental regulation, including price caps; 
 availability of lower-cost generics or biosimilars; 
 intellectual property protection and exclusivity; 
 treatment innovations that eliminate or minimize the need for a product; and 
 product liability claims. 
 Products for which we have a royalty receivable or other interest may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive by new or alternate products, including generics or biosimilars, improvements on existing products, marketing or commercialization strategies, or governmental or regulatory action. In addition, as biopharmaceutical companies increasingly devote significant resources to innovate next-generation products and therapies, products on which we have a royalty may become unattractive to commercialize or obsolete. If a product s market acceptance is diminished or it is withdrawn from the market, continuing payments with respect to biopharmaceutical products, including royalty payments and payments of interest on and repayment of the principal, may not be made on time or at all, which may affect our ability to realize the benefits of the royalty receivable or other interest in such product and may result in us incurring asset impairment charges. Further, any product for which we have a royalty receivable or other interest that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. Many approved drugs are well established therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage the use of generic products. Any of these developments could adversely affect products for which we have a royalty, and consequently could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 28 

Marketers of products that generate our royalties are outside of our control. 
 In the case of our royalty receivables, our cash flow consists primarily of payments supported by royalties paid by marketers. These marketers may have interests that are different from our interests. For example, these marketers may be motivated to maximize income by allocating resources to other products and, in the future, may decide to focus less attention on the products generating our royalties or by allocating resources to develop products that do not generate royalties to us. There can be no assurance that any marketer or person with whom the marketer has a working relationship has adequate resources or motivation to continue to produce, market and sell the products generating our royalties. Aside from any limited audit rights relating to the activities of the marketers that we may have in certain circumstances pursuant to the terms of our arrangements with the licensor, we do not have oversight rights with respect to the marketers operations and do not have rights allowing us to direct their operations or strategy nor do our agreements contain performance standards for their operations. The calculation of the royalty payments is subject to and dependent upon the adequacy and accuracy of our counterparties sales and accounting functions. 
 While we may be able to receive certain information relating to sales of products through the exercise of audit rights and review of royalty reports we receive from the licensor, such information may be received many months following our recognition of the royalty revenue, may require us to adjust our royalty revenues in later periods and may require expense on our part. 
 We have limited information on the marketers operations. We will not have the right to review or receive certain information relating to products that the marketers may have, including the results of any studies conducted by the marketers or others, or complaints from doctors or users of products. The market performance of the products generating our royalties may therefore be diminished by any number of factors relating to the marketers that are outside of our control. 
 The marketers of biopharmaceutical products are, generally, entirely responsible for the ongoing regulatory approval, commercialization, manufacturing and marketing of products. 
 Generally, the holders of royalties on products have granted exclusive regulatory approval, commercialization, manufacturing and marketing rights to the marketers of such products. The marketers have full control over those efforts and sole discretion to determine the extent and priority of the resources they will commit to their program for a product. Accordingly, the successful commercialization of a product depends on the marketer s efforts and is beyond our control. If a marketer does not devote adequate resources to the ongoing regulatory approval, commercialization and manufacture of a product, or if a marketer engages in illegal or otherwise unauthorized practices, the product s sales may not generate sufficient royalties, or the product s sales may be suspended, and consequently, could adversely affect our business. In addition, if marketers of biopharmaceutical products decide to discontinue product programs or we believe the commercial prospects of assets have been reduced, we may recognize material non-cash impairment charges related to the financial royalty asset associated with those programs or assets. 
 License agreements relating to products may, in some instances, be unilaterally terminated or disputes may arise which may affect our royalties. 
 License agreements relating to the products generating our royalties may be terminated, which may adversely affect sales of such products and therefore the payments we receive. For example, under certain license agreements, marketers retain the right to unilaterally terminate the agreements with the licensors. When the last patent covering a product expires or is otherwise invalidated in a country, a marketer may be economically motivated to terminate its license agreement, either in whole or with respect to such country, in order to terminate its payment and other obligations. In the event of any such termination, a licensor may no longer receive all of the payments it expected to receive from the licensee and may also be unable to find another company to continue developing and commercializing the product on the same or similar terms as those under the license agreement that has been terminated. 
 29 

In addition, license agreements may fail to provide significant protection for the licensor in case of the licensee s failure to perform or in the event of disputes. License agreements which relate to the products underlying our royalties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what the licensor believes to be the scope of its rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or decrease the licensee s financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, any of which could in turn impact the value of our royalties and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If a marketer were to default on its obligations under a license agreement, the licensor s remedy may be limited either to terminating certain licenses related to certain countries or to generally terminate the license agreement with respect to such country. In such cases, we may not have the right to seek to enforce the rights of the licensor and we may be required to rely on the resources and willingness of the licensor to enforce its rights against the licensee. 
 In any of these situations, if the expected payments under the license agreements do not materialize, this could result in a significant loss to us and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The insolvency of a marketer could adversely affect our receipt of cash flows on the related royalties that we hold. 
 If a marketer were to become insolvent and seek to reorganize under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as amended, or the Bankruptcy Code, or liquidate under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (or foreign equivalent), such event could delay or impede the payment of the amounts due under a license agreement, pending a resolution of the insolvency proceeding. Any unpaid royalty payments due for the period prior to the filing of the bankruptcy proceeding would be unsecured claims against the marketer, which might not be paid in full or at all. While royalty payments due for periods after the filing may qualify as administrative expenses entitled to a higher priority, the actual payment of such post-filing royalty payments could be delayed for a substantial period of time and might not be in the full amount due under the license agreement. The licensor would be prevented by the automatic stay from taking any action to enforce its rights without the permission of the bankruptcy court. In addition, the marketer could elect to reject the license agreement, which would require the licensor to undertake a new effort to market the applicable product with another distributor. Such proceedings could adversely affect the ability of a payor to make payments with respect to a royalty, and could consequently adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unsuccessful attempts to acquire new royalties could result in significant costs and negatively impact subsequent attempts to locate and acquire other assets. 
 The investigation of each specific target royalty and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure and other documents requires substantial management time and attention and results in substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific acquisition, the costs incurred for the proposed transaction would not be recoverable from a third party. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target asset, we may fail to consummate the acquisition for any number of reasons, including, in the case of an acquisition of a royalty through a business combination with a public company, approval by the target company s public shareholders. Multiple unsuccessful attempts to acquire new royalties could hurt our reputation, result in significant costs and an inefficient use of the Manager s time. The opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources could negatively impact our ability to locate and acquire other assets. 
 The products that generate our royalties are subject to uncertainty related to healthcare reimbursement policies, managed care considerations, pricing pressures and the regulation of the healthcare industry. 
 In both U.S. and non-U.S. markets, sales of biopharmaceutical products, and the success of such products, depends in part on governmental regulation and the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, including government healthcare programs in addition to private insurance plans. 
 30 

In the United States, pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to enhanced government regulation, public scrutiny and calls for reforms. For example, in August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act IRA ), which includes significant drug pricing provisions, including (i) inflation rebates, where drug manufacturers must pay a rebate to the government if the prices of their covered single-source drugs and biologics rise faster than the rate of inflation; (ii) Medicare Part D redesign where beneficiaries out-of-pocket costs are capped, payment obligation for initial coverage is redistributed with drug manufacturers paying 10 on all drugs and the coverage gap is eliminated, as well as requiring Part D plans to pay a larger portion of the catastrophic phase with drug manufacturers covering 20 of the costs; and (iii) Medicare negotiation, which requires the Department of Health and Human Services HHS to negotiate prices for certain drugs covered by Medicare Part B and Part D through a drug price negotiation program. In October 2022, President Biden signed an executive order that instructs HHS to consider whether to select for testing new health care payment and delivery models that would lower drug costs and promote access to innovative drug therapies for beneficiaries enrolled in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the ACA was enacted by Congress in March 2010 and established a major expansion of healthcare coverage, financed in part by a number of new rebates, discounts and taxes that had a significant effect on the expenses and profitability on the companies that manufacture the products that generate our royalties. These companies and their products face uncertainty due to federal legislative and administrative efforts to repeal, substantially modify or invalidate some or all of the provisions of the IRA and the ACA. 
 Other U.S. federal or state legislative or regulatory action or policy efforts could adversely affect the healthcare industry, including, among others, additional transparency and limitations related to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs from outside the United States at prices that are regulated by governments of various foreign countries, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceutical products under government programs, restrictions on U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising or limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals. No assurances can be provided that these laws and regulations will not adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The growth of large managed care organizations and prescription benefit managers, as well as the prevalence of generic substitution, has hindered price increases for prescription drugs. Continued intense public scrutiny of the price of drugs, together with government and payor dynamics, may limit the ability of producers and marketers to set or adjust the price of products based on their value. There can be no assurance that new or proposed products will be considered cost-effective or that adequate third-party reimbursement will be available to enable the producer or marketer of such product to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return. These pricing pressures may adversely affect our current royalties and the attractiveness of future acquisitions of royalties. 
 Outside the United States, numerous major markets, including the EU, Japan and China, have pervasive government regulation of healthcare and government involvement in funding healthcare, and, in that regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. Consequently, in those markets, the products generating our royalties are subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions. 
 In addition, many of the products in our portfolio benefit from regulatory exclusivity. If, in an effort to regulate pricing, regulatory exclusivity is not maintained, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry may be negatively affected by federal government deficit reduction policies, which could reduce the value of the royalties that we hold. 
 In an effort to contain the U.S. federal deficit, the biopharmaceutical industry could be considered a potential source of savings via legislative proposals. Government action to reduce U.S. federal spending on entitlement programs, including Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, or to lower drug spending, may affect payment for the products that generate our royalties. These and any other cost controls or any significant additional taxes or fees that may be imposed on the biopharmaceutical industry as part of deficit reduction efforts could reduce cash flows from our royalties and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

Sales of products that generate our royalties are subject to regulatory approvals and actions in the United States and foreign jurisdictions that could harm our business. 
 The procedures to approve biopharmaceutical products for commercialization vary among countries and can involve additional testing and time. Such procedures may include on-site inspections by regulatory authorities at clinical trial sites or manufacturing facilities, which inspections may be delayed by travel restrictions imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval and many include additional risks, such as pricing approval. 
 There can be no assurance that any of these regulatory approvals will be granted or not be revoked or restricted in a manner that would adversely affect the sales of such products and on the ability of payors to make payments with respect to such royalties to us. 
 The manufacture and distribution of a biopharmaceutical product may be interrupted by regulatory agencies or supplier deficiencies. 
 The manufacture of products generating our royalties is typically complex and is highly regulated. In particular, biopharmaceutical products are manufactured in specialized facilities that require the approval of, and ongoing regulation by, the FDA in the United States and, if manufactured outside of the United States, both the FDA and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, such as the MHRA and the EMA. With respect to a product, to the extent that operational standards set by such agencies are not adhered to, manufacturing facilities may be closed or production interrupted until such time as any deficiencies noted by such agencies are remedied. Any such closure or interruption may interrupt, for an indefinite period of time, the manufacture and distribution of a product and therefore the cash flows from the related biopharmaceutical asset may be significantly less than expected. 
 In addition, manufacturers of a product may rely on third parties for selected aspects of product development, such as packaging or to supply bulk raw material used in the manufacture of such product. In the United States, the FDA requires that all suppliers of pharmaceutical bulk materials and all manufacturers of pharmaceuticals for sale in or from the United States adhere to the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations and guidelines and similar requirements that exist in jurisdictions outside the United States. Licensees generally rely on a small number of key, highly specialized suppliers, manufacturers and packagers. Any interruptions, however minimal, in the operation of these manufacturing and packaging facilities could adversely affect production and product sales and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Product liability claims may diminish the returns on biopharmaceutical products. 
 The developer, manufacturer or marketer of a product could become subject to product liability claims. A product liability claim, regardless of its merits, could adversely affect the sales of the product and the amount of any related royalty payments, and consequently, could adversely affect the ability of a payor to make payments with respect to a royalty. 
 Although we believe that we will not bear responsibility in the event of a product liability claim against the developer, manufacturer, marketer or other seller of the product that generates our royalty, such claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations due to the lower than expected cash flows from the royalty. 
 We are typically not involved in maintaining, enforcing and defending patent rights on products that generate our royalties. 
 Our right to receive royalties generally depends on the existence of valid and enforceable claims of registered or issued patents in the United States and elsewhere in the world. The products on which we receive payments are dependent on patent protection and on the fact that the manufacturing, marketing and selling of such products do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property rights of third parties. Typically, we have no ability to control the prosecution, maintenance, enforcement or defense of patent rights, but must rely on the willingness and ability of our partners or their marketers to do so. There can be no assurance that these third parties will vigorously prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend such rights. Even if such third parties seek to prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend such rights, they may not be successful. 
 32 

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been the subject of much litigation. Furthermore, changes in patent laws or interpretation of patent laws in the United States and in other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties surrounding the successful prosecution of patent applications and the successful enforcement or defense of issued patents by our partners, all of which could diminish the value of patent protection relating to the biopharmaceutical assets. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of the patent rights of our partners and their marketers are highly uncertain. In addition, such third parties pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products, development-stage product candidates and technologies. Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. 
 Even if the patent applications our partners and their marketers license or own do issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide them with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with them or otherwise provide them with any competitive advantage. Competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent patents of our partners and their marketers by developing similar or alternative products in a non-infringing manner. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit the ability of our partners and their marketers from preventing others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies. 
 Any loss or reduction in the scope or duration of patent protection for any product that generates our royalties, or any failure to successfully prosecute, maintain, enforce or defend any patents that protect any such product may result in a decrease in the sales of such product and any associated royalties payable to us. Any such event would adversely affect the ability of the payor to make payments of royalties to us or may otherwise reduce the value of our royalty interest, and could consequently adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In cases where our contractual arrangements with our partner permit us to do so, we could participate in patent suits brought by third parties but this could result in substantial litigation costs, divert management s attention from our core business and there can be no assurance that such suits would be successful. 
 The existence of third-party patents in relation to products may result in additional costs for the marketer and reduce the amount of royalties paid to us. 
 The commercial success of a product depends, in part, on avoiding infringement, misappropriation or other violations of the intellectual property rights and proprietary technologies of others. Third-party issued patents or patent applications claiming subject matter necessary to manufacture and market a product could exist or issue in the future. Such third-party patents or patent applications may include claims directed to the composition, manufacturing, mechanism of action or other unique features of a product. There can be no assurance that a license would be available to marketers for such subject matter if such infringement were to exist or, if offered, would be offered on reasonable or commercially feasible terms. Without such a license, it may be possible for third parties to assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against the marketer of such product based on such patents or other intellectual property rights. 
 Even if the marketer was able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving its competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies. In addition, if a marketer of a product that generates our royalties is required to obtain a license from a third party, the marketer may, in some instances, have the right to offset the licensing and royalty payments to such third party against royalties that would be owed to our partner, which may ultimately reduce the value of our royalty interest. An adverse outcome in infringement or other intellectual property-related proceedings could subject a marketer to significant liabilities to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties or require the marketer to cease or modify its manufacturing, marketing and distribution of any affected product, any of which could reduce the amount of cash flow generated by the affected products and any associated royalties payable to us and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 33 

Disclosure of trade secrets of marketers of products could negatively affect the competitive position of the products underlying our biopharmaceutical assets. 
 The marketers of the products that generate our royalties depend, in part, on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protected by patents, to maintain the products competitive position. This information is typically protected through confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to such information, such as collaborative partners, licensors, employees and consultants. Any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose the confidential information or competitors might independently develop or learn of the information in some other way, which could harm the competitive position of the products and therefore reduce the amount of cash flow generated by our royalty interest. 
 The internal computer systems of our counterparties may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a significant disruption of their ability to operate their business effectively, adversely affect the cash flow generated by the related biopharmaceutical products, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The internal computer systems and cloud-based computing services of our counterparties and those of their current and any future collaborators and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. We have been subject to cyber-based attacks and unauthorized access in the past. If such an event were to occur in the future and cause interruptions in their operations, it could result in a disruption of their development and commercialization programs and business operations, whether due to a loss of trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, a counterparties data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, our partners operations may be harmed and the development and commercialization of their products, development-stage product candidates and technologies could be delayed. Such an event may reduce the amount of cash flow generated by the related biopharmaceutical products and therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to pay periodic dividends to our shareholders or make share repurchases may be limited by applicable provisions of English law and contractual restrictions and obligations. 
 Under English law, we will only be able to declare dividends, make distributions or repurchase shares (other than out of the proceeds of a new issuance of shares for that purpose) out of profits available for distribution. Profits available for distribution are accumulated, realized profits, to the extent that they have not been previously utilized by distribution or capitalization, less its accumulated, realized losses, to the extent that they have not been previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital duly made. The amount of our distributable reserves is a cumulative calculation. We may be profitable in a single financial year but unable to pay a dividend or make share repurchases if our accumulated, realized profits do not offset all previous years accumulated, realized losses. Additionally, we may only make a distribution if our net assets are not less than the amount of our aggregate called-up share capital and distributable reserves, and if, and to the extent that, the distribution does not reduce the amount of those assets to less than that aggregate. 
 Subject to the terms of our indebtedness or other contractual obligations, the approval and payment of any interim dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, which may change our dividend policy at any time and the payment of any final dividends will be subject to majority approval by holders of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares and in each case will be paid out of profits available for that purpose under English law. Our Articles of Association authorize the board of directors to approve interim dividends without shareholder approval to the extent that such dividends appear justified by profits available for such purpose. The board of directors may also recommend final dividends be approved and declared by shareholders at an annual general meeting. No such dividend may exceed the amount recommended by the board of directors. 
 There can be no assurance that any dividends, whether quarterly or otherwise, will or can be paid or that any shares will or can be repurchased. Whether we pay dividends to our shareholders or make share repurchases depends on a number of factors, including among other things, general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and acquisition opportunities, our financial condition and results of operations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations, including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, other restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our shareholders or making any share repurchases and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 A shareholder who receives a distribution under circumstances where he or she knows or has reasonable grounds for believing that the distribution is unlawful in the circumstances is obliged to repay such distribution (or that part of it, as the case may be) to us. 
 34 

If we were determined to be an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We intend to conduct our business so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act. An entity generally will be determined to be an investment company for purposes of the U.S. Investment Company Act if, absent an applicable exemption, (i) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or (ii) it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the ICA 40 Test. 
 We do not hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, and believe that we are not engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe that, for U.S. Investment Company Act purposes, we are engaged primarily, through one or more of our subsidiaries, in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring certain obligations that represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise. Our subsidiaries that are so engaged rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, which, as interpreted by the SEC staff, requires each such subsidiary to invest at least 55 of its assets in notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services, which we refer to as the ICA Exception Qualifying Assets. 
 In a no-action letter, dated August 13, 2010, to our predecessor, the SEC staff promulgated an interpretation that royalty interests that entitle an issuer to collect royalty receivables that are directly based on the sales price of specific biopharmaceutical assets that use intellectual property covered by specific license agreements are ICA Exception Qualifying Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A). We rely on this no-action letter for the position that royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets that we hold are ICA Exception Qualifying Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), which is described below. 
 To ensure that we are not obligated to register as an investment company, we must not exceed the thresholds provided by the ICA 40 Test. For purposes of the ICA 40 Test, the term investment securities does not include U.S. government securities or securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, such as majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A). We also may rely on Section 3(c)(6), which, based on SEC staff interpretations, requires us to invest, either directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, at least 55 of our assets in, as relevant here, businesses relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A). Therefore, the assets that we and our subsidiaries hold and acquire are limited by the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 If the SEC or its staff in the future adopts a contrary interpretation to that provided in the no-action letter to our predecessor or otherwise restricts the conclusions in the SEC staff s no-action letter such that royalty interests are no longer treated as ICA Exception Qualifying Assets for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(A) and Section 3(c)(6), or the SEC or its staff in the future determines that the no-action letter does not apply to some or all types of royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets, our business will be materially and adversely affected. In particular, we would be required either to convert to a corporation formed under the laws of the United States or a state thereof (which would likely result in our being subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation) and to register as an investment company, or to stop all business activities in the United States until such time as the SEC grants an application to register us as an investment company formed under non-U.S. law. It is unlikely that such an application would be granted and, even if it were, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, our ability to transact business with affiliates and our ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted. Our ceasing to qualify for an exemption from registration as an investment company could materially and adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares and our ability to pay dividends in respect of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 35 

The equity performance awards payable to an affiliate of the Manager may create incentives that are not fully aligned with the interests of our shareholders. 
 Subject to certain conditions, at the end of each fiscal quarter, an affiliate of the Manager is entitled to a distribution in the form of equity from RP Holdings in respect of each portfolio equal to 20 of the Net Economic Profit (defined as the aggregate cash receipts for all new portfolio investments in such portfolio less Total Expenses (defined as interest expense, operating expense and recovery of acquisition cost in respect of such portfolio)) for such portfolio for the applicable measuring period (the Equity Performance Awards ). The right to Equity Performance Awards may create an incentive for the Manager to make riskier or more speculative asset acquisitions. In addition, the Manager may cause us to incur more debt, finance additional asset acquisitions or otherwise use more leverage in connection with asset acquisitions, as generally the use of leverage can increase the rate of return on an investment and therefore our profits. Under certain circumstances, the use of borrowed money may pose higher risks for our business or increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor our shareholders. In addition, there is no correlation between our profits and the obligation of our board of directors to pay dividends to shareholders. Consequently, shareholders may receive limited or no dividends while an affiliate of the Manager remains entitled to Equity Performance Awards based on our Net Economic Profit. In addition, even though Equity Performance Awards are payable on a portfolio-by-portfolio basis (with portfolios comprised of investments made during sequential two-year periods) in order to reduce the risks that affiliates of the Manager will be paid Equity Performance Awards on individual investments even though our overall portfolio of investments is not performing well, Equity Performance Awards may nevertheless be payable to affiliates of the Manager when our overall portfolio of investments is not performing as well as the individual portfolios that are used as the basis for measuring the Equity Performance Awards. 
 Our board of directors may make decisions with respect to the cash generated from our operations that may result in no dividends paid to our shareholders or no repurchases made of our ordinary shares. 
 Our board of directors is under no obligation to pay dividends, make distributions or repurchase our ordinary shares and it may decide to use cash to fund asset acquisitions or operations in lieu of paying dividends, making distributions or repurchasing our ordinary shares. We will pay Equity Performance Awards to an affiliate of the Manager based on our Net Economic Profit regardless of whether any dividends are paid to our shareholders or any ordinary shares are repurchased. Our board of directors decisions with respect to our cash may result in no dividends to our shareholders and no ordinary shares repurchased. Furthermore, our board of directors decisions with respect to dividends or repurchases of ordinary shares may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In the event that we generate positive income, but pay limited or no dividends, holders of Class A ordinary shares may, if they have made certain elections for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to their Class A ordinary shares, have a tax liability on our income in excess of the actual cash dividends received by such holders. If our board of directors decides to approve limited or no dividends or repurchases of ordinary shares, the primary remedy for holders of Class A ordinary shares will be to sell their shares at the prevailing market price, including at a loss, which may be low due to unfavorable or inconsistent dividends or repurchases of our ordinary shares. 
 The royalties that we acquire may fall outside the biopharmaceutical industry, and any such assets, and the cash flows therefrom, may not resemble the assets in our current portfolio. 
 We have discretion as to the types of assets that we may acquire. While we expect the Manager to acquire assets that primarily fall within the biopharmaceutical industry, we are not obligated to do so and may acquire other types of assets that are peripheral to or outside of the biopharmaceutical industry. Consequently, our asset acquisitions in the future, and the cash flows from such assets, may not resemble those of the assets in our current portfolio. There can be no assurance that assets acquired in the future will have returns similar to the returns expected of the assets in our current portfolio or be profitable at all. 
 The Manager may be the subject of a change of control resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There could be a change of control of the Manager and, in such a case, the new controlling party may have a different philosophy, employ less experienced advisory professionals, be unsuccessful in identifying asset acquisition opportunities or have a track record that is not as successful as that of the Manager prior to such a change of control. If the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in making new asset acquisitions, and the value of our existing assets, our business, financial condition and results of operations could materially suffer. 
 36 

The Manager s liability is limited under the Management Agreement, and we have agreed to indemnify the Manager against certain liabilities. As a result, we could experience unfavorable operating results or incur losses for which the Manager would not be liable. 
 The Manager does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for under the Management Agreement. The Manager and its affiliates (including RPI EPA Holdings, LP EPA Holdings )) and their respective officers, directors, equity holders, members, employees, agents and partners, and any other person who is entitled to indemnification (each, an Indemnitee is not liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our shareholders or any subsidiary s shareholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with to the Management Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence (as interpreted under New York law) and a material breach of the Management Agreement that is not cured or a violation of applicable securities laws. 
 In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we have agreed to indemnify the Indemnitees from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, penalties, actions, judgments, costs and expenses (including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and reasonable expenses of investigating or defending against any claim or alleged claim) of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated that are incurred by any Indemnitee or to which such Indemnitee may be subject by reason of its activities on behalf of us or any of our subsidiaries to the extent that such Indemnitee s conduct did not constitute fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence (as interpreted under New York law), material breach of the Management Agreement that is not cured or a violation of applicable securities laws. As a result, we could experience unfavorable operating results or incur losses for which the Manager would not be liable. 
 Operational risks may disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth. 
 We rely heavily on the Manager s financial, accounting, information and other data processing systems and cloud computing services, as well as those of our current and future collaborators, contractors or consultants. Such systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, unauthorized access, natural disasters, pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If any of these events occur and such systems do not operate properly or are disabled or if there is any unauthorized disclosure of data, whether as a result of tampering, a breach of network security systems, a cyber-incident or attack or otherwise, we could suffer substantial financial loss, increased costs, a disruption of our business, loss of trade secrets or other proprietary information, liability to us, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 Furthermore, federal, state and international laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, which took effect in May 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which took effect in January 2020, can expose us to enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities, and potentially result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts or data privacy and protection compliance efforts fail. In addition, we operate a business that is highly dependent on information systems and technology. The Manager s information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A disaster or a disruption in the public infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs and those of the Manager may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. 
 In addition, sustaining our growth may require us or the Manager to commit additional management, operational and financial resources to identify new professionals to join the team and to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately support expansion. Due to the fact that the market for hiring talented professionals is competitive, we may not be able to grow at the pace we desire. 
 37 

We are subject to the U.K. Bribery Act, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, import and customs laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. 
 Our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 Bribery Act ), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended the FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we do business. The Bribery Act, the FCPA and these other laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper or prohibited payments, or anything else of value, to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. Under the Bribery Act, we may also be liable for failing to prevent a person associated with us from committing a bribery offense. We and the marketers of products that generate our royalties operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential Bribery Act or FCPA violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose corrupt or illegal activities could potentially subject us to liability under the Bribery Act, FCPA or local anti-corruption laws, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 
 We are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the governments of the United Kingdom and the United States, and authorities in the European Union, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions and embargoes on certain countries and persons, anti-money laundering laws, import and customs requirements and currency exchange regulations, collectively referred to as the Trade Control laws. 
 There is no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the Bribery Act, the FCPA or other legal requirements, including Trade Control laws. If we are not in compliance with the Bribery Act, the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of the Bribery Act, the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws by the United Kingdom, United States or other authorities could also have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities or our business arrangements with third parties could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices or the business practices of the marketers of products that generate our royalties may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations or the operations of the marketers of products that generate are royalties are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations, we or marketers of products that generate our royalties may be subject to significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment and exclusion from participation in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we or marketers of products that generate our royalties become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, reputational harm, and we or marketers of products that generate our royalties may be required to curtail or restructure operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 
 38 

The EU directive on alternative investment fund managers (the AIFM Directive may significantly increase our compliance costs. 
 The AIFM Directive has been implemented into the national law of the majority of member states of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (each an AIFM state ). The AIFM Directive sets out minimum conditions related to the marketing of interests in alternative investment funds (such as our Class A ordinary shares) in the AIFM states and may impact our ability to attract investors in the AIFM states and may significantly increase our and the Manager s compliance costs. Such conditions include requirements for us to register with the competent authority in the relevant AIFM state in order to market the Class A ordinary shares to investors, requirements to file periodic reports with the competent authority in the relevant AIFM state and requirements to comply with disclosure and reporting obligations in respect of investors in the relevant AIFM state. Such reports and disclosures may become publicly available. While such conditions are met in relation to the AIFM states where our Class A ordinary shares will be marketed, there can be no guarantee that this will continue to be the case. The AIFM Directive does not, however, prohibit an investor in such AIFM state from subscribing for our Class A ordinary shares at their own initiative in circumstances where such Class A ordinary shares have not been marketed in such AIFM state and we may issue our Class A ordinary shares to such investors, as long as they have provided us and the Manager with representations that they have done so at their own initiative. 
 In each AIFM state, our Class A ordinary shares may only be offered to investors in accordance with local measures implementing the AIFM Directive. Investors, together with any person making or assisting in the decision to invest in us, who are situated, domiciled or who have a registered office, in an AIFM state where our Class A ordinary shares are not being offered pursuant to private placement rules implementing the AIFM Directive may invest, or effect an investment in our Class A ordinary shares, but only in circumstances where they do so at their own initiative. Any investor acquiring our Class A ordinary shares at their own initiative in such AIFM state should note that as we have not been registered for marketing in that AIFM state, no reports will be filed with the competent authority in the relevant AIFM state by or in respect of us and no investor shall be entitled to receive any disclosure or report that is mandated in respect of an alternative investment fund being marketed pursuant to the AIFM Directive. 
 The United Kingdom implemented the AIFM Directive through the Alternative Investment Managers Regulations 2013 and the Financial Conduct Authority s Handbook. Following the United Kingdom s withdrawal the European Union and the expiration of the transitional period, the rules applicable to the marketing of interests in alternative investment funds in the United Kingdom and the other AIFM states remained largely aligned. However, there are now areas of divergence which are likely to grow as the United Kingdom seeks to adopt a new post-Brexit financial services regulatory regime. Such divergence may make it more time consuming and complex for us to market our Class A ordinary shares to investors in the United Kingdom and other AIFM states which, in turn, may significantly increase our and the Manager s compliance costs. 
 Risks Relating to Our Organization and Structure 
 We are a holding company with no operations and rely on our subsidiaries to provide us with the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations and to pay dividends. 
 We are a holding company with no material direct operations. Our principal asset is our controlling equity interest in RP Holdings. As a result, we are dependent on loans, dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations and to pay dividends or make distributions to our shareholders. Our subsidiaries are legally distinct from us and may be prohibited or restricted from providing loans, paying dividends or otherwise making funds available to us under certain conditions. If the cash we receive from our subsidiaries is insufficient for us to fund our financial obligations, we may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of debt, the issuance of equity or the sale of assets to fund. However, there is no assurance that we would be able to raise cash by these means. If the ability of any of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions or payments to us is materially restricted by regulatory or legal requirements, bankruptcy or insolvency, or our need to maintain our financial strength ratings, or is limited due to operating results or other factors, it could adversely affect our ability to meet our financial obligations and to pay dividends or make distributions to our shareholders. 
 Our structure will result in tax distributions as a result of the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest. 
 RP Holdings is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and has owners that are subject to U.S. federal income taxation. RP Holdings is required to make cash distributions, or tax distributions, to the direct owner or beneficial owners of the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest, calculated using an assumed tax rate that is generally uniform for all recipients regardless of their tax status. Funds used by RP Holdings to satisfy its tax distribution obligations will not be available for reinvestment in our business. 
 39 

Risks Relating to Our Ordinary Shares 
 The market price of our Class A ordinary shares has been and may in the future be volatile, which could cause the value of our shareholders investment to decline. 
 The market price of our Class A ordinary shares has been and may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the per share trading price of our Class A ordinary shares fluctuated from a low of 37.46 to a high of 44.65. Market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of Class A ordinary shares in spite of our operating performance. In addition to the factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors, including: 
 market conditions in the broader stock market in general, or in our industry in particular; 
 variations in our quarterly operating results or dividends to shareholders; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel at the Manager; 
 timing and rate of capital deployment, including relative to estimates; 
 changes in our portfolio mix or acquisition strategy; 
 failure to meet analysts earnings estimates; 
 publication of research reports about our industry; 
 third-party healthcare reimbursement policies and practices; 
 litigation and government investigations; 
 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting our business; 
 no results, or projected results, from marketers of products that generate our royalties; 
 results from, and any delays to, the clinical trial programs of development-stage product candidates underlying our biopharmaceutical assets or other issues relating to such products, including regulatory approval or commercialization; 
 adverse market reaction to any indebtedness that we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies or speculation in the press or investment community; 
 announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 economic and political conditions or events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and rising interest rates and global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine war; and 
 adverse publicity about us or the industries in which we participate or individual scandals. 
 These and other factors may cause the market price of and demand for our Class A ordinary shares to fluctuate significantly, which may limit or prevent our shareholders from reselling their Class A ordinary shares at or above the purchase price. 
 Stock markets in general have from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, including in recent months. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against public companies. This type of litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 40 

Our Articles of Association provide that the courts of England and Wales will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all shareholder complaints other than complaints asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and that the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any shareholder complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 
 Our Articles of Association provide that the courts of England and Wales will be the exclusive forum for resolving all shareholder complaints other than shareholder complaints asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and that the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any shareholder complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. This choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits. If a court were to find either choice of forum provision contained in our Articles of Association to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 U.S. investors may have difficulty enforcing civil liabilities against our company, our directors or members of senior management and the experts named herein. 
 We are a public limited company with our registered office in England and our subsidiaries are incorporated in various jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside the United States. One of our directors is not a resident of the United States, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of this director are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on this director in the United States or to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us or this director based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws or otherwise. Even if shareholders are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of England may render shareholders unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and executive officers. In addition, it is doubtful whether English courts would enforce certain civil liabilities under U.S. securities laws in original actions or judgments of U.S. courts based upon these civil liability provisions. In addition, awards of punitive damages in actions brought in the United States or elsewhere may be unenforceable in the United Kingdom. An award for monetary damages under the U.S. securities laws would likely be considered punitive if it does not seek to compensate the claimant for loss or damage suffered and is intended to punish the defendant. The enforceability of any judgment in the United Kingdom will depend on the particular facts of the case as well as the laws and treaties in effect at the time. The United States and the United Kingdom do not currently have a treaty providing for recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters. As a result of the above, shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interest through actions against our management, directors or other shareholders than they would as shareholders of a U.S. public company. 
 The rights of our shareholders may differ from the rights typically offered to shareholders of a U.S. corporation. 
 We are incorporated under English law. The rights of our shareholders are governed by English law, including the provisions of the Companies Act 2006 (the U.K. Companies Act ), and by our Articles of Association. These rights differ in certain respects from the rights of shareholders in typical U.S. corporations. 
 The U.K. City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (the Takeover Code applies, among other things, to an offer for a public company whose registered office is in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man) and whose securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man) if the company is considered by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers (the Takeover Panel to have its place of central management and control in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man). This is known as the residency test. Under the Takeover Code, the Takeover Panel will determine whether we have our place of central management and control in the United Kingdom by looking at various factors, including the structure of our board of directors, the functions of the directors and where they are resident. 
 Given that our central management and control is situated outside the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man), we do not anticipate that we will be subject to the Takeover Code. However, if at the time of a takeover offer, the Takeover Panel determines that we have our place of central management and control in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man), we would be subject to a number of rules and restrictions, including but not limited to the following: (i) our ability to enter into deal protection arrangements with a bidder would be extremely limited; (ii) we might not, without the approval of our shareholders, be able to perform certain actions that could have the effect of frustrating an offer, such as issuing shares or carrying out acquisitions or disposals; and (iii) we would be obliged to provide equality of information to all bona fide competing bidders. 
 41 

Under English law, and whether or not we are subject to the Takeover Code, an offeror for us that has acquired (i) 90 in value of; and (ii) 90 of the voting rights carried by the shares to which the offer relates may exercise statutory squeeze-out rights to compulsorily acquire the shares of the non-assenting minority. However, if an offer for us is conducted by way of a scheme of arrangement the threshold for the offeror obtaining 100 of Company shares comprises two components (i) approval by a majority in number of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at the shareholder meeting; and (ii) approval of Company shareholders representing 75 or more in value of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at that meeting. 
 As an English public limited company, certain capital structure decisions will require shareholder approval, which may limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure. 
 We are a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. English law provides that a board of directors may only allot shares (or rights to subscribe for or convert into shares) with the prior authorization of shareholders, such authorization stating the aggregate nominal amount of shares that it covers and valid for a maximum period of five years, each as specified in the articles of association or relevant shareholder resolution. We have obtained authority from our shareholders to allot additional shares for a period expiring on May 31, 2025, which authorization will need to be renewed upon expiration (i.e., at least every five years) but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 
 English law also generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash. However, it is possible for the articles of association, or for shareholders to pass a special resolution at a general meeting, being a resolution passed by at least 75 of the votes cast, to disapply preemptive rights. Such a disapplication of preemptive rights may be for a maximum period of up to five years from the date of adoption of the articles of association, if the disapplication is contained in the articles of association, or from the date of the shareholder special resolution, if the disapplication is by shareholder special resolution. In either case, this disapplication would need to be renewed by our shareholders upon its expiration (i.e., at least every five years). We have obtained authority from our shareholders to disapply preemptive rights for a period expiring on May 31, 2025, which disapplication will need to be renewed upon expiration (i.e., at least every five years) to remain effective, but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 
 English law prohibits us from repurchasing our shares by way of off market purchases without the prior approval of shareholders by ordinary resolution (i.e., majority of votes cast by our shareholders), and other formalities. Such approval may be for a maximum period of up to five years but may be sought more frequently. English law prohibits us from conducting on market purchases as our shares are listed on the NASDAQ and will not be traded on a recognized investment exchange in the United Kingdom. 
 Our shareholders approved the authorization of certain off market purchases that will expire five years from June 23, 2022 unless renewed by our shareholders prior to the expiration date. We cannot assure shareholders that situations will not arise where such shareholder approval requirements for any of these actions would deprive our shareholders of substantial capital management benefits. 
 The United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union and differing regulatory regimes may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business, which could reduce the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit took effect on January 31, 2020. On December 30, 2020, the United Kingdom passed legislation giving effect to a trade and cooperation agreement, with the EU, which became effective on May 1, 2021. The trade and cooperation agreement covers the general objectives and framework of the relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, including as it related to trade, transport, visas, judicial, law enforcement and security matters, and provides for continued participation in community programs and mechanisms for dispute resolution. Notably, under the trade and cooperation agreement, U.K. service suppliers no longer benefit from automatic access to the entire EU single market, U.K. goods no longer benefit from the free movement of goods and there is no longer the free movement of people between the United Kingdom and the European Union. Currently, the United Kingdom has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012, as amended. The regulatory regime in the United Kingdom therefore mostly aligns with EU regulations, however it is possible that these regimes will diverge in future as the trade and cooperation agreement does not provide for mutual recognition of U.K. and EU pharmaceutical legislation. Brexit and its related effects could adversely affect our operations and the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 42 

If our Class A ordinary shares are not eligible for continued deposit and clearing within the facilities of DTC, then transactions in our securities may be disrupted. 
 The facilities of The Depository Trust Company DTC are a widely-used mechanism that allow for rapid electronic transfers of securities between the participants in the DTC system, which include many banks and brokerage firms. While our Class A ordinary shares are eligible for deposit and clearing within the DTC system, DTC has discretion to cease to act as a depository and clearing agency for our Class A ordinary shares, including to the extent that any changes in U.K. law change the stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax SDRT position in relation to the Class A ordinary shares. If DTC determined that the Class A ordinary shares were not eligible for continued deposit and clearance within its facilities, our Class A ordinary shares may not be eligible for continued listing on the NASDAQ and trading in the Class A ordinary shares would be disrupted. While we would pursue alternative arrangements to preserve our listing and maintain trading, any such disruption could adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and our access to the capital markets. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the requirements of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the requirements of the U.K. Companies Act and, if applicable, the Takeover Code. The requirements of these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. 
 We are obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that are specified in the Exchange Act, and therefore will need to have the ability to prepare financial statements that are compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis. In addition, we are subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements, including certain requirements of Nasdaq and certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which will impose significant compliance obligations upon us. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, restrict access to capital markets and adversely impact the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 Our compliance with the requirements under the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the U.K. Companies Act and, if applicable, the Takeover Code and the rules and regulations thereunder increases our legal and financial compliance costs and makes some activities more time consuming and costly. These rules and regulations have made it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain directors and officers liability insurance, and we may in the future be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We may not be able to predict or estimate accurately the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 43 

Risks Relating to Taxation 
 Our structure involves complex provisions of tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure also is subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 Our tax treatment, including Irish, U.K. and U.S. federal income tax treatment, depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of applicable tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. You should be aware that our tax position is not free from doubt, and that applicable tax rules are generally subject to ongoing review by legislative and administrative bodies and relevant tax authorities, as well as by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), which is continuously considering recommendations for changes to existing tax rules. Furthermore, over 130 member jurisdictions of the G20/OECD Inclusive Framework have joined the Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy as part of the OECD s base erosion and profit sharing project BEPS ), which includes a reallocation of taxing rights among market jurisdictions and a global minimum tax rate of 15 . As proposals to change tax laws and the implementation of the BEPS framework remain subject to further negotiation, we are currently unable to predict the extent to which any changes to tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. These review processes could result in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. No ruling will be sought from the relevant tax authority regarding any of the tax issues discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities will not challenge any of our tax positions and that such challenge would not succeed. If any such position is successfully challenged, our tax liabilities could materially increase, which would adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. 
 There have been significant changes both made and proposed to international tax laws that increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance for all multinational companies. We expect to continue to monitor these and other developments in international tax law. 
 We could be liable for significant taxes due to changes in our eligibility for certain income tax treaty benefits or challenges to our tax positions with respect to the application of income tax treaties. 
 Our subsidiaries expect to receive revenue from both U.S. and non-U.S. sources. We expect that our subsidiaries generally will be eligible for benefits under the applicable income tax treaties between Ireland and the jurisdictions where income is sourced. However, no assurances can be provided in this regard, and it is possible that a taxing authority could successfully assert that any of our subsidiaries does not qualify for treaty benefits as a result of its failure to satisfy the applicable requirements to be eligible to claim treaty benefits. If a taxing authority were to challenge our position regarding the application of an applicable income tax treaty, we could become subject to increased withholding taxes, and such taxes could be significant. 
 Specifically, with respect to certain U.S.-source income, we expect that our subsidiaries will be eligible for benefits under the U.S.-Ireland income tax treaty (the Treaty ), and, under that Treaty, will not be subject to any U.S. withholding taxes on such U.S.-source payments. Our current treaty position with respect to U.S.-source payments relies in part on U.S. citizens or tax residents (as defined for purposes of the Treaty) owning, directly or indirectly, at least 50 of the beneficial interest in, or at least 50 of the aggregate vote and value of, each of our subsidiaries that earns U.S.-source income. Our treaty position is based on the current U.S. status of the majority of the existing indirect investors in RP Holdings and Old RPI. Subject to certain exceptions, the existing indirect U.S. investors in RP Holdings have the right to exchange their interests for our publicly traded Class A ordinary shares. Such publicly traded Class A ordinary shares could be further transferred on the public market to other persons. Therefore, it is possible that over time U.S. persons will own indirectly in the aggregate less than 50 of the interests in our subsidiaries. We currently expect that our Class A ordinary shares and other existing indirect interests in RP Holdings and Old RPI in the aggregate will continue to be owned in sufficient amount by U.S. citizens or tax residents, and that we will be able to establish such ownership, for purposes of satisfying the 50 ownership requirement under the Treaty. However, there is no assurance that RP Holdings and Old RPI will continue to be owned directly or indirectly by sufficient U.S. citizens or residents or that we will be able to establish to the IRS satisfaction such ownership for purposes of satisfying the 50 U.S. ownership requirement under the Treaty. It is possible that if the indirect U.S. ownership in our subsidiaries becomes lower than 50 (or we cannot establish such ownership) we may in the future be able to qualify for another applicable exemption from U.S. withholding under the Treaty, but there can be no assurance in this regard. A substantial portion of our revenue is, and is expected to continue to be, derived from U.S.-source royalties. Therefore, if our subsidiaries failed to qualify for an exemption from U.S. withholding tax under the Treaty (by satisfying either the 50 U.S. ownership requirement or an alternative Treaty exemption) and such royalties were subject to a 30 U.S. withholding tax, our financial position, profitability and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 44 

Furthermore, on August 25, 2016, the Irish Department of Finance announced that, in the context of the publication by the United States Treasury Department of a revised U.S. Model Income Tax Convention in February 2016, discussions have begun with the United States Treasury on updating certain elements of the Treaty. It is at this time not clear what elements of the Treaty may be updated, or when any such updates would go into effect. However, certain elements of the revised U.S. Model Income Tax Convention could, if included in an update to the Treaty, result in our subsidiaries being unable to qualify for the benefits of the Treaty or eliminate or reduce the benefits of the Treaty that otherwise would have been available to us. If our subsidiaries are unable to qualify for the benefits of the Treaty, or if any benefits of the Treaty that otherwise would have been available to us are eliminated or reduced, then all or a portion of our income may become subject to increased withholding taxes, and such taxes could be very significant and materially and adversely affect our financial position, profitability and cash flows. 
 If our subsidiaries are considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, we could be liable for significant U.S. taxation. 
 In general, if a foreign corporation, such as Royalty Pharma plc, is considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, such corporation s share of any income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business will be subject to regular U.S. federal income taxation (currently imposed at a maximum rate of 21 on a net basis and, potentially, an additional 30 U.S. branch profits tax on distributions attributable to income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business. In addition, it is possible that such corporation could be subject to taxation on a net basis by state or local jurisdictions within the United States. We intend to conduct our activities, through our subsidiaries, such that no income realized by us will be effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business or otherwise subject to regular U.S. federal income taxation on a net basis. If we are able to conduct our activities in this way, income or gains realized by us will not be subject to U.S. net federal income taxation. However, no assurance can be provided in this regard. The proper characterization of our income and gains for U.S. tax purposes is not certain, and it is possible that all or a portion of our income and gains could be characterized as income that is effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business. If our income and gains were characterized as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, we would be subject to significant U.S. taxes plus interest and possible penalties, and our financial position, cash flows and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We expect to operate, and expect that RP Holdings will operate, so as to be treated solely as a resident of the U.K. for tax purposes, but changes to our management and organizational structure or to the tax residency laws of other jurisdictions where we operate may cause the relevant tax authorities to treat us or RP Holdings as also being a resident of another jurisdiction for tax purposes. 
 Under current U.K. tax law, a company that is incorporated in the U.K. is regarded as resident for tax purposes in the U.K. unless (i) it is concurrently treated as resident for tax purposes in another jurisdiction (applying the rules of that other jurisdiction for determining tax residency) that has a double tax treaty with the U.K. and (ii) there is a residency tie-breaker provision in that tax treaty which allocates tax residence to that other jurisdiction. 
 Based upon our anticipated management and organizational structure, we believe that we and RP Holdings should be regarded as tax resident solely in the U.K. However, because this analysis is highly factual and may depend on future changes in our management and organizational structure, as well as future changes in the tax residency laws of other jurisdictions where we operate, there can be no assurance regarding the determination of our tax residence in the future. 
 As U.K. tax resident companies, we and RP Holdings will be subject to U.K. corporation tax on our worldwide taxable profits and gains. Should we (or RP Holdings) be treated as resident in a jurisdiction other than the U.K., we (or RP Holdings, as applicable) could be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction and may be required to comply with a number of material and formal tax obligations, including withholding tax or reporting obligations provided under the relevant tax law, which could result in additional costs and expenses. 
 45 

We believe that we should not be subject to material U.K. corporation tax in respect of certain profits of our non-U.K. tax resident subsidiaries as a result of the U.K. s controlled foreign companies rules but it cannot be guaranteed that this will continue to be the case. 
 As U.K. tax resident companies, we and RP Holdings will be subject to the U.K. s controlled foreign companies rules (the U.K. CFC Rules ). The U.K. CFC Rules, broadly, can impose a charge to U.K. tax on U.K. tax resident companies that have, alone or together with certain other persons, interests in a non-U.K. tax resident company (the Controlled Foreign Company which is controlled by a U.K. person or persons. The charge under the U.K. CFC Rules applies by reference to certain types of chargeable profit arising to the Controlled Foreign Company, whether or not that profit is distributed, subject to specific exemptions. The types of profits of a Controlled Foreign Company that can potentially be subject to a U.K. corporation tax charge under the U.K. CFC Rules include business profits of the Controlled Foreign Company that are attributable to assets or risks that are managed by activities in the U.K., or certain finance profits of the Controlled Foreign Company that arise from capital or other assets contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Controlled Foreign Company from a connected U.K. tax resident company. 
 Certain non-U.K. entities in which we hold a greater than 25 interest, including RPI (which is Irish tax resident) and Old RPI (which is Irish tax resident and which is held indirectly by us through our participation in RP Holdings), will be Controlled Foreign Companies for U.K. tax purposes. We and RP Holdings will therefore be required to apply the CFC Rules in respect of our direct and indirect interests in these entities on an ongoing basis. We do not expect material U.K. corporation tax charges to arise under the U.K. CFC Rules in respect of our royalty assets or our financing arrangements, however no assurances can be given that this will continue to be the case. The U.K. CFC Rules are highly complex and fact-dependent, and changes to, or adverse interpretations of, these rules, or changes in the future activities of RPI or other non-U.K. companies in which we hold an interest, directly or indirectly, may alter this position and could impact our group s effective tax rate. 
 We believe that dividends received by us and RP Holdings should be exempt from U.K. corporation tax, but it cannot be guaranteed that this will continue to be the case. 
 U.K. tax resident companies are subject to U.K. corporation tax on receipt of dividends or other income distributions in respect of shares held by them, unless those dividends or other distributions fall within an exempt class. We believe that dividends received by us from RP Holdings, and dividends received by RP Holdings from RPI, should fall within such an exempt class and therefore should not be subject to U.K. corporation tax. However, a number of conditions must be met in order for such dividends to qualify for this tax exemption, including (in respect of dividends paid by RPI, which are tax resident in Ireland) conditions relating to the application of Irish tax law. As such, it cannot be guaranteed that these conditions for the U.K. tax exemption in respect of distributions will continue at all times to be satisfied. If distributions received by us or by RP Holdings were not to fall within an exempt class, such distributions would likely be subject to U.K. corporation tax at the then prevailing corporation tax rate. 
 Even where distributions fall within an exempt class, certain anti-avoidance and recharacterization rules may also apply. For instance, if RPI were to constitute an offshore fund for U.K. tax purposes that has at any time in an accounting period more than 60 by market value of its investments in debt securities, money placed at interest (other than cash awaiting investment), certain contracts for differences, or in holdings in other offshore funds with, broadly, more than 60 of their investments similarly invested, RP Holdings shareholding in RPI may be subject to U.K. corporation tax as a deemed loan relationship , with the result that dividends received by RP Holdings from RPI could be subject to U.K. tax as deemed interest and RP Holdings may be subject to U.K. corporation tax on increases in the fair market value of its shareholding in RPI. The term offshore fund is defined for U.K. tax purposes through a characteristics-based approach and, broadly, can include arrangements constituted by a non-U.K. resident body corporate in which a reasonable investor would expect to be able to realize their investment entirely, or almost entirely, by reference to net asset value. We believe and have been advised that RP Holdings shareholding in RPI should not fall within these rules, however no guarantee can be offered that this will continue to be the case. Changes to, or adverse interpretations of, the offshore funds rules, or changes in the nature of our investments, may alter this position and could impact our group s effective rate. 
 
 46 

We expect to be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could subject U.S. holders of our Class A ordinary shares to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. Distributions that we pay to individual and other non-corporate U.S. holders will not be eligible for taxation at reduced rates, which could potentially adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 We generally expect that our income, which consists primarily of passive income, and our assets, which consist primarily of assets that produce passive income, will result in our treatment as a PFIC for the current taxable year and future taxable years. We intend to annually furnish U.S. holders a PFIC Annual Information Statement with the information required to allow shareholders to make a qualified electing fund QEF election for United States federal income tax purposes on our website. U.S. holders who do not make a QEF election with respect to us or a mark-to-market election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares will be subject to potentially material adverse tax consequences, including (i) the treatment of any gain on disposition of our Class A ordinary shares as ordinary income and (ii) the application of a deferred interest charge on such gain and the receipt of certain distributions on our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, regardless of whether a QEF or mark-to-market election is made with respect to us, U.S. holders will be required to file an annual report on IRS Form 8621 containing such information with respect to its interest in a PFIC as the IRS may require. Failure to file IRS Form 8621 for each applicable taxable year may result in substantial penalties and result in audit by the IRS. Further, if we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. holder owns our Class A ordinary shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to that U.S. holder for all succeeding years during which such person holds our Class A ordinary shares, even if we ceased to meet the threshold requirements for PFIC status, unless the U.S. holder makes a special purging election on IRS Form 8621. The effect of these adverse tax consequences could adversely affect our U.S. shareholders and make investment in our Class A ordinary shares less attractive to U.S. investors. 
 
 Distributions made to non-corporate U.S. holders will not be eligible for taxation at reduced tax rates generally applicable to dividends paid by certain U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations because of our status as a PFIC. The more favorable rates applicable to qualifying corporate dividends could cause individuals to perceive investment in our Class A ordinary shares to be less attractive than investment in the shares of other corporations because of our PFIC status, and this perception could adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Cyber-attacks or other failures in telecommunications or information technology systems could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of our business operations. 
 We utilize information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information in connection with our business activities. As use of digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, have increased in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We have been subject to these attacks in the past and expect to be subject to them in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or mitigating their effects. Any cyber-attack or destruction or loss of data could adversely affect our business. In addition, we may suffer reputational harm or face litigation as a result of cyber-attacks or other data security breaches and may incur significant additional expense to implement further data protection measures. 
 Changes in the application of accounting standards issued by the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which are periodically revised, interpreted or expanded. From time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies. It is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt may require changes to the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our systems. Such changes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 47 

COVID-19, or the future outbreak of any other infectious or contagious diseases, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants has severely impacted global economic activity and caused significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. COVID-19 and other future health outbreaks and pandemics could lead to quarantines, mandating business and school closures and restricting travel, or trigger global economic slowdowns or global recessions. COVID-19 or another pandemic could adversely affect us due to, among other factors: 
 a general decline in business activity; 
 the destabilization of the markets could negatively impact our partners in the biopharmaceutical industry and the sales of products generating our royalties; 
 difficulty accessing the capital and credit markets on favorable terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets, or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions which could affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis; 
 the potential negative impact on the health of our Manager s highly qualified personnel, especially if a significant number of them are impacted; 
 a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during a disruption; 
 interruptions, shortages, delivery delays and potential discontinuation of supply to our partners, which could (i) delay the clinical trials of the development-stage product candidates underlying our assets and result in a loss of our market share for products generating our royalties or development-stage product candidates underlying our assets, if approved, and (ii) hinder our partners ability to timely distribute products generating our royalties and satisfy customer demand; 
 travel restrictions, shelter-in-place policies or restrictions and other disruptions, which could cause or continue to cause delays and other direct impacts at our partners manufacturing sites, which could impact the ability of our partners to manufacture development-stage product candidates underlying our biopharmaceutical assets and products generating our royalties; and 
 potential interruptions to our partners clinical trial programs of development-stage product candidates underlying our biopharmaceutical assets, including: (i) the potential diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials to focus on pandemic concerns; (ii) changes in hospital or research institution policies or government regulations, which could delay or adversely impact our partners ability to conduct their clinical trials; and (iii) pauses to or delays of trial procedures (particularly any procedures that may be deemed non-essential), patient dosing, shipment of our partners development-stage product candidates, distribution of clinical trial materials, study monitoring, site inspections and data analysis due to reasons related to the pandemic, each of which could cause or continue to cause a disruption or delay to the development or the approval of development-stage product candidates underlying our biopharmaceutical assets. 
 To date, certain marketers of some of our portfolio products have commented that the performance of these products have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the COVID-19 pandemic has not resulted in a material effect to our results of operations and liquidity and we do not believe it is reasonably likely to in the future. Nevertheless, COVID-19 and other future health outbreaks and pandemics present material uncertainty which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Legal claims and proceedings could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be subject to a wide variety of legal claims and proceedings. Regardless of their merit, these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Since litigation is inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings, or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection therewith, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. The resolution of, or increase in the reserves taken in connection with, one or more of these matters could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 48 

ESG matters and any related reporting obligations may impact our business. 
 U.S. and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on ESG matters. For example, new U.S. and international laws and regulations relating to ESG matters, including human capital, diversity, sustainability, climate change and cybersecurity, are under consideration or being adopted, which may include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or obligations. Our response will require additional investments and implementation of new practices and reporting processes, all entailing additional compliance risk. In addition, we have announced a number of ESG initiatives and goals, which will require ongoing investment, and there is no assurance that we will achieve any of these goals or that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes. Perceptions of our efforts to achieve these goals often differ widely and present risks to our reputation. Any harm to our reputation resulting from our failure or perceived failure to meet such goals could impact employee retention, the willingness of our partners to do business with us, or investors willingness to purchase or hold our ordinary shares, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to implement some initiatives or achieve some goals is dependent on external factors. For example, our ability to meet certain sustainability goals or initiatives may depend in part on third-party collaboration, mitigation innovations or the availability of economically feasible solutions. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our executive offices are located at 110 East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022, and are provided by the Manager. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may be a party to various claims, charges and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Management and legal counsel regularly review the probable outcome of such proceedings. While we cannot feasibly predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we believe, based on examination of these matters, experience to date and discussions with counsel, that the ultimate liability, individually or in the aggregate, will not adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II. 

Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our Class A ordinary shares are traded in the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol RPRX . Our Class B ordinary shares are not listed on any stock exchange nor traded on any public market. As of February 10, 2023, there were 2 shareholders of record of our Class A ordinary shares and 2 shareholders of record of our Class B ordinary shares. The number of record holders does not include persons who held our Class A ordinary shares in nominee or street name accounts through brokers or other institutions on behalf of shareholders. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 49 

Dividends 
 
 In 2022, we declared and paid four quarterly cash dividends of 0.19 per Class A ordinary share for an aggregate amount of 333.3 million to holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Future dividends are subject to declaration by the board of directors. To the extent approved and payable, we intend to pay dividends on or about March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 to holders of record on or about the twentieth day of each such prior month. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 See Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information regarding securities authorized for issuance. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis, on our Class A ordinary shares, the Standard Poor s 500 Index S P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite Index Nasdaq Composite ). The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 in our Class A ordinary shares at the market close on June 16, 2020, which was our initial trading day and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The above performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 50 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations, cash flows and other changes in financial condition. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. 
 
 Royalty Pharma plc is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales that was created to facilitate the initial public offering IPO of our Class A ordinary shares on June 16, 2020. Royalty Pharma, the Company, we, us and our refer to Royalty Pharma plc and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Business Overview 
 
 We are the largest buyer of biopharmaceutical royalties and a leading funder of innovation across the biopharmaceutical industry. Since our founding in 1996, we have been pioneers in the royalty market, collaborating with innovators from academic institutions, research hospitals and not-for-profits through small and mid-cap biotechnology companies to leading global pharmaceutical companies. We have assembled a portfolio of royalties which entitles us to payments based directly on the top-line sales of many of the industry s leading therapies, which includes royalties on more than 35 commercial products, including Vertex s Trikafta, Kalydeco, Orkambi and Symdeko, Biogen s Tysabri, AbbVie and Johnson Johnson s Imbruvica, Astellas and Pfizer s Xtandi, GSK s Trelegy, Novartis Promacta, Pfizer s Nurtec ODT, Johnson Johnson s Tremfya, Roche s Evrysdi, Gilead s Trodelvy and 12 development-stage product candidates. We fund innovation in the biopharmaceutical industry both directly and indirectly - directly when we partner with companies to co-fund late-stage clinical trials and new product launches in exchange for future royalties or milestones, and indirectly when we acquire existing royalties from the original innovators. 
 
 Our capital-efficient business model enables us to benefit from many of the most attractive characteristics of the biopharmaceutical industry, including long product life cycles, significant barriers to entry and noncyclical revenues, but with substantially reduced exposure to many common industry challenges such as early stage development risk, therapeutic area constraints, high R D costs, and high fixed manufacturing and marketing costs. We have a highly flexible approach that is agnostic to both therapeutic area and treatment modality, allowing us to acquire royalties on the most attractive therapies across the biopharmaceutical industry. 
 
 We classify our royalty acquisitions by the approval status of the therapy at the time of acquisition: 
 
 Approved Products We acquire royalties in approved products that generate predictable cash flows and may offer upside potential from unapproved indications. Since inception in 1996 through 2022, we have deployed 17.0 billion of cash to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets on approved products. From 2012 through 2022, we have deployed 12.1 billion to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets on approved products. 
 
 Development-Stage Product Candidates We acquire royalties on development-stage product candidates that have demonstrated strong clinical proof of concept. From 2012, when we began acquiring royalties on development-stage product candidates, through 2022, we have deployed 8.3 billion to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets on development-stage product candidates. 
 
 While we classify our acquisitions in these two broad categories, several of our approved product transactions are driven by the long-term expanded potential of these existing commercial products in indications that are unapproved at the time of acquisition. Similarly, some of our development-stage product candidate transactions are specifically related to indications that are unapproved at the time of acquisition, on products that are already approved and commercialized in other indications. 
 
 51 

We acquire product royalties in ways that can be tailored to the needs of our partners through a variety of structures: 
 
 Third-party Royalties Existing royalties on approved or late-stage development therapies with high commercial potential. A royalty is the contractual right to a percentage of top-line sales from a licensee s use of a product, technology or intellectual property. The majority of our current portfolio consists of third-party royalties. 
 
 Synthetic Royalties Newly-created royalties on approved or late-stage development therapies with strong proof of concept and high commercial potential. A synthetic royalty is the contractual right to a percentage of top-line sales by the developer or marketer of a therapy in exchange for funding. A synthetic royalty may also include contingent milestone payments. We also fund ongoing R D for biopharmaceutical companies in exchange for future royalties and milestones if the product or indication we are funding is approved. 
 
 Launch and Development Capital Tailored supplemental funding solutions, generally included as a component within a transaction, increasing the scale of our capital. Launch and development capital is generally provided in exchange for a long-term stream of fixed payments with a predetermined schedule around the launch of a drug. Launch and development capital may also include a direct investment in the public equity of a company. 
 
 Mergers and Acquisitions M A Related We acquire royalties in connection with M A transactions, often from the buyers of biopharmaceutical companies when they dispose of the non-strategic assets of the target company following the closing of the acquisition. We also seek to partner with companies to acquire other biopharmaceutical companies that own significant royalties. We may also seek to acquire biopharmaceutical companies that have significant royalties or where we can create royalties in subsequent transactions. 
 
 Additionally, we may identify additional opportunities, platforms or technologies that leverage our capabilities such as our strategic alliance with MSCI Inc. MSCI to develop thematic life science indexes. 

Background and Format of Presentation 
 
 We consummated an exchange offer on February 11, 2020 (the Exchange Offer to facilitate our IPO. Through the Exchange Offer, investors which represented 82 of the aggregate limited partnership interests in the various partnerships (the Legacy Investors Partnerships that owned Old RPI, exchanged their limited partnership interests in the Legacy Investors Partnerships for limited partnership interests in RPI US Partners 2019, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, or RPI International Holdings 2019, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (together, the Continuing Investors Partnerships ). The Exchange Offer together with (i) the concurrent incurrence of indebtedness under senior credit facilities and (ii) the issuance of additional interests in Continuing Investors Partnerships to satisfy performance payments payable in respect of assets acquired prior to the date of the IPO are referred to as the Exchange Offer Transactions. 
 
 Following our IPO, we operate and control the business affairs of RP Holdings. We include RP Holdings and its subsidiaries in our consolidated financial statements. RP Holdings is the sole owner of RPI 2019 ICAV, which is an Irish collective asset management entity. 
 
 As a result of the Exchange Offer, we own indirectly an 82 economic interest in Old RPI through our subsidiary RPI 2019 Intermediate Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory trust. We are entitled to 82 of the economics of Old RPI s wholly-owned subsidiar y RPI Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPIFT , and 66 of Royalty Pharma Collection Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPCT ). The remaining 34 of RPCT is owned by the Legacy Investors Partnerships and Royalty Pharma Select Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPSFT ), which is wholly owned by Royalty Pharma Select, an Irish unit trust. 
 
 From the consummation of the Exchange Offer until the expiration of the Legacy Investors Partnerships investment period on June 30, 2020 (the Legacy Date ), the Legacy Investors Partnerships could participate proportionately in any investment made by Old RPI. Following the Legacy Date, Old RPI ceased making new investments and each of the Legacy Investors Partnerships and Old RPI became legacy entities. Since the Legacy Date, we have made and plan to make new investments through our subsidiaries. 
 
 Following management s determination that a high degree of common ownership existed in Old RPI both before and after the Exchange Offer, Royalty Pharma recognized Old RPI s assets and liabilities at the carrying value reflected on Old RPI s balance sheet as of the date of the Exchange Offer. 
 
 52 

In 2022, we became an indirect owner of an 82 economic interest in Royalty Pharma Investments ICAV RPI ICAV ), which was previously owned directly by Old RPI. 

Understanding Our Financial Reporting 
 
 Most of the royalties we acquire are treated as investments in cash flow streams and are classified as financial assets measured under the effective interest method in accordance with GAAP. Under this accounting methodology, we calculate the effective interest rate on each financial royalty asset using a forecast of the expected cash flows to be received over the life of the financial royalty asset relative to the initial acquisition price. The yield, which is calculated at the end of each reporting period and applied prospectively, is then recognized via accretion into our income at the effective rate of return over the expected life of the financial royalty asset. 
 
 The measurement of income from our financial royalty assets requires significant judgments and estimates, including management s judgment in forecasting the expected future cash flows of the underlying royalties and the expected duration of the financial royalty asset. Our cash flow forecasts are updated each reporting period primarily using sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales estimates for each of the products in which we own royalties. We then calculate our expected royalty cash flows using these consensus sales forecasts. In any given reporting period, any decline or increase in the expected future cash flows associated with a financial royalty asset is recognized in our income statement as non-cash provision expense or provision income, respectively. 
 
 As a result of the non-cash charges associated with applying the effective interest method accounting methodology to our financial royalty assets, our consolidated income statement activity can be volatile and unpredictable. Small declines in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts over a long time horizon can result in an immediate non-cash income statement expense recognition which generates a corresponding cumulative allowance that reduces the gross asset balance, even though the applicable cash inflows will not be realized for many years into the future. For example, in late 2014, we acquired the cystic fibrosis franchise and beginning in the second quarter of 2015, declines in near-term sales forecasts of sell-side equity research analysts caused us to recognize non-cash provision expense in our consolidated income statements. Over the course of 10 quarters, we continued to recognize non-cash provision expense as a result of these changes in forecasts including non-cash provision expense of 743.2 million in 2016, ultimately reaching a peak cumulative allowance of 1.30 billion by September 30, 2017. With the approval of the Vertex triple combination therapy, Trikafta, in October 2019, sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts increased to reflect the larger addressable market and the extension of the expected duration of the Trikafta royalty. While small reductions in the cumulative allowance for the cystic fibrosis franchise were recognized as provision income over the course of 2017 and 2018, there remained a 1.10 billion cumulative allowance that was fully reduced by recognizing non-cash provision income of 1.10 billion in 2019 as a result of an increase in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts associated with the Trikafta approval. This example illustrates the volatility caused by our accounting model in our consolidated income statements. 
 
 We believe there is no direct correlation between income from financial royalty assets and royalty receipts due to the nature of the accounting methodology applied for financial royalty assets. Further, income from financial royalty assets and the provision for changes in expected cash flows related to these financial royalty assets can be volatile and unpredictable. 
 
 Our operations have historically been financed primarily with cash flows generated by our royalties. Given the importance of cash flows and their predictability to management s operation of the business, management uses royalty receipts as the primary measure of our operating performance. Royalty receipts refer to the summation of the following line items from our GAAP consolidated statements of cash flows: Cash collections from financial royalty assets, Cash collections from intangible royalty assets , Other royalty cash collections, Proceeds from available for sale debt securities and Distributions from equity method investees . 
 
 In addition to analyzing our results on a GAAP basis, management also reviews our results on a non-GAAP basis. The closest comparable GAAP measure to each of the non-GAAP measures that management review is Net cash provided by operating activities . The key non-GAAP metrics we focus on are Adjusted Cash Receipts, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Cash Flow, each of which is further discussed in the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Results. 
 
 Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted Cash Flow are used by management as key liquidity measures in the evaluation of our ability to generate cash from operations. Both measures are an indication of our strength and the performance of the business. Management uses Adjusted Cash Flow to compare its performance against non-GAAP measures used by our peers in the biopharmaceutical industry. Adjusted EBITDA, which is derived from Adjusted Cash Receipts, is used by our lenders to assess our ability to meet our financial covenants. 
 53 

Refer to the section titled Non-GAAP Reconciliations for additional discussion of management s use of non-GAAP measures as supplemental financial measures. 

Portfolio Overview 
 
 Our portfolio consists of royalties on more than 35 marketed therapies and 12 development-stage product candidates. The therapies in our portfolio address therapeutic areas such as rare disease, cancer, neurology, infectious disease, hematology and diabetes, and are delivered to patients across both primary and specialty care settings. The table below includes royalty receipts for 2022 and 2021 in order of contributions to royalty receipts for 2022 (in thousands). 
 Royalty Receipts Years Ended December 31, Royalties Marketer(s) Therapeutic Area 2022 2021 Cystic fibrosis franchise (1) Vertex Rare disease 811,052 702,140 Nurtec ODT/Biohaven payment (2) Pfizer Neurology 559,623 70,188 Tysabri Biogen Neurology 369,793 369,149 Imbruvica AbbVie, Johnson Johnson Cancer 312,690 352,911 Xtandi Pfizer, Astellas Cancer 186,701 158,103 Promacta Novartis Hematology 181,632 173,621 Tremfya Johnson Johnson Immunology 97,307 35,718 Trelegy GSK Respiratory 89,915 Januvia, Janumet, Other DPP-IVs (3) Merck Co., others Diabetes 72,943 151,158 Cabometyx/Cometriq Exelixis, Ipsen, Takeda Cancer 55,426 33,722 Farxiga/Onglyza AstraZeneca Diabetes 43,840 36,378 Evrysdi Roche Rare disease 40,645 16,098 Prevymis Merck Co. Infectious disease 37,126 37,505 Trodelvy Gilead Cancer 24,809 13,395 Orladeyo BioCryst Rare disease 21,801 6,740 Erleada Johnson Johnson Cancer 21,378 14,227 Crysvita Ultragenyx, Kyowa Kirin Rare disease 20,402 16,741 Emgality Lilly Neurology 18,832 15,481 Oxlumo Alnylam Rare disease 2,602 1,248 Other products (4) 262,739 404,019 Total royalty receipts 3,231,256 2,608,542 
 (1) The cystic fibrosis franchise includes the following approved products: Kalydeco, Orkambi, Symdeko/Symkevi and Trikafta/Kaftrio. 
 (2) Amounts include quarterly redemption payments of 15.6 million in 2021 and 2022 related to the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares (presented as Proceeds from available for sale debt securities on the statements of cash flows). In 2022, amounts also include the accelerated redemption payments of 479.5 million for all outstanding Series A and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. The remaining amounts are related to royalty receipts from Nurtec ODT. 
 (3) Januvia, Janumet, Other DPP-IVs include the following approved products: Onglyza, Kombiglyze, Galvus, Eucreas and Nesina. The Other DPP-IVs are marketed by AstraZeneca, Novartis and Takeda. Our royalty receipts substantially ended in the second quarter of 2022. 
 (4) Other products primarily include royalty receipts on the following products: Bosulif (a product co-developed by our joint venture investee, Avillion I, for which receipts are presented as Distributions from equity method investees on the statements of cash flows), Cimzia, Entyvio, Gavreto, HIV franchise, IDHIFA, Letairis, Lexiscan, Mircera, Myozyme, Nesina, Soliqua, Tazverik and distributions from the Legacy SLP Interest. Other products for 2021 include a one-time milestone payment of 45.0 million that we received on Soliqua. 
 
 54 

Financial Overview 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 2.1 billion and 2.0 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities is the closest comparable GAAP financial measure to the supplemental non-GAAP liquidity measures that follow. 
 Adjusted Cash Receipts (a non-GAAP metric) totaled 2.8 billion and 2.1 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP metric) totaled 2.6 billion and 1.9 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Adjusted Cash Flow (a non-GAAP metric) totaled 2.2 billion and 1.6 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Understanding Our Results of Operations 
 
 We report non-controlling interests related to the portion of ownership interests of consolidated subsidiaries not owned by us and which are attributable to: 
 
 1. The Legacy Investors Partnerships ownership of approximately 18 of Old RPI and Royalty Pharma Investments ICAV RPI ICAV ). The value of this non-controlling interest will decline over time as the assets in Old RPI and RPI ICAV expire. 
 
 2. A de minimis interest in RPCT held by RPSFT. The value of this non-controlling interest was substantially eliminated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Legacy Investors Partnership together with RPSFT are referred as the legacy non-controlling interests. The legacy non-controlling interests are the only historical non-controlling interests that existed prior to our IPO. 
 
 Additionally, following the consummation of our IPO, we also report non-controlling interests related to: 
 
 3. The Continuing Investors Partnerships ownership in RP Holdings through their ownership of RP Holdings Class B Interests which was approximately 27 of RP Holdings as of December 31, 2022. RP Holdings Class B Interests are exchangeable into Class A ordinary shares. The value of this non-controlling interest will decline over time if the investors who indirectly own RP Holdings Class B Interests conduct exchanges for our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 The Continuing Investors Partnerships are referred as the continuing non-controlling interests. 
 
 4. RPI EPA Holdings, LP s EPA Holdings ownership of RP Holdings Class C ordinary share (the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest ). 
 
 EPA Holdings is entitled to receive Equity Performance Awards through its RP Holdings Class C Special Interest. Equity Performance Awards owed to EPA Holdings will be recognized as an equity transaction when the obligation becomes due and will impact the income allocated to non-controlling interest related to the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest. The Equity Performance Awards will be payable in RP Holdings Class B Interests that will be exchanged upon issuance for Class A ordinary shares. EPA Holdings may also receive a periodic cash advance in respect of the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest to the extent necessary for EPA Holdings or any of its beneficial owners to pay when due any income tax imposed on it or them as a result of holding such RP Holdings Class C Special Interest. We do not currently expect any material Equity Performance Awards to be payable until certain performance conditions are met, which we do not expect to occur until the mid-2020s. 
 
 All of the results of operations of RP Holdings, Old RPI, RPI ICAV and RPCT are consolidated into our financial statements. 
 
 55 

Total income and other revenues 
 
 Total income and other revenues is primarily comprised of income from our financial royalty assets, royalty income generally arising from successful commercialization of products developed through R D funding arrangements, and a declining contribution of royalty revenue from our intangible royalty assets for which patent rights have materially expired. Most of our royalties are classified as financial assets as our ownership rights are generally protective and passive in nature. In instances in which we acquire a royalty that does include more substantial rights or ownership of the underlying intellectual property, we classify such royalties as intangible assets. 
 
 We recognize interest income related to our financial royalty assets. Royalty revenue solely relates to our intangible royalty assets from our DPP-IV products for which the patent rights are licensed to various counterparties. For 2022 and 2021, the royalty payors accounting for greater than 10 of our total income and other revenues in any one year are shown in the table below: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Royalty Payor Royalty 2022 2021 Vertex Cystic fibrosis franchise 36 33 AbbVie Imbruvica 14 17 
 
 Income from financial royalty assets 
 
 Our financial royalty assets represent investments in cash flow streams with yield components that most closely resemble loans measured at amortized cost under the effective interest method. We calculate the effective interest rate using forecasted expected cash flows to be received over the life of the royalty asset relative to the initial acquisition price. Interest income is recognized at the effective rate of return over the expected life of the asset, which is calculated at the end of each reporting period and applied prospectively. As changes in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales estimates are updated on a quarterly basis, the effective rate of return changes. For example, if sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts increase, the yield to derive income on a financial royalty asset will increase and result in higher income for subsequent periods. 
 
 Variables affecting the recognition of interest income from financial royalty assets under the prospective effective interest method include any one of the following: (1) additional acquisitions, (2) changes in expected cash flows of the underlying pharmaceutical products, derived primarily from sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts, (3) regulatory approval of additional indications which leads to new cash flow streams, (4) changes to the estimated duration of the royalty (e.g., patent expiration date) and (5) changes in amounts and timing of projected royalty receipts and milestone payments. Our financial royalty assets are directly linked to sales of underlying pharmaceutical products whose life cycle typically peaks at a point in time, followed frequently by declining sales trends due to the entry of generic competition, resulting in natural declines in the asset balance and periodic interest income over the life of our royalties. The recognition of interest income from royalties requires management to make estimates and assumptions around many factors, including those impacting the variables noted above. 
 
 Revenue from intangible royalty assets 
 
 Revenue from intangible royalty assets is derived from sales of Januvia, Janumet and other DPP-IV products by our licensees. Our royalties on Januvia and Janumet expired in the first quarter of 2022. Our royalties on other DPP-IV products have also substantially ended and we do not expect any material revenue from the other DPP-IV products in the future periods. 
 
 Other royalty income 
 
 Other royalty income primarily includes income from financial royalty assets that have been fully amortized and income from synthetic royalties and milestones arising out of R D funding arrangements. Occasionally, a royalty asset may be amortized on an accelerated basis due to collectability concerns, which, if resolved, may result in future cash collections when no financial royalty asset remains. Similarly, we may continue to collect royalties on a fully amortized financial royalty asset beyond the estimated duration. In each scenario where a financial royalty asset has been fully amortized, income from such royalty is recognized as Other royalty income . Other royalty income also includes income from royalties that are recorded at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 56 

Provision for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets 
 
 The Provision for changes in expected future cash flows from financial royalty assets includes the following: 
 
 non-cash expense or income related to the current period activity resulting from adjustments to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows; and 
 non-cash expense or income related to the provision for current expected credit losses, which reflects the activity for the period, primarily due to new financial royalty assets with limited protective rights and changes to cash flow estimates for financial royalty assets with limited protective rights. 
 
 As discussed above, income is accreted on our financial royalty assets using the effective interest method. As we update our forecasted cash flows on a periodic basis and recalculate the present value of the remaining future cash flows, any shortfall when compared to the carrying value of the financial royalty asset is recorded directly in the income statement through the line item Provision for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets . If, in a subsequent period, there is an increase in expected cash flows or if actual cash flows are greater than cash flows previously expected, we reduce the cumulative allowance previously established for a financial royalty asset for the incremental increase in the present value of cash flows expected to be collected. This results in provision income (i.e., a credit to the provision). 
 
 The same variables and management s estimates affecting the recognition of interest income on our financial royalty assets noted above also directly impact the provision. 
 
 R D funding expense 
 
 R D funding expense consists of payments that we have made to counterparties to acquire royalties or milestones on product candidates. It includes development-stage funding payments that are made upfront or upon pre-approval milestones, and development-stage funding payments that are made over time as the related product candidates undergo clinical trials with our counterparties. 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 
 General and administrative G A expenses include primarily Operating and Personnel Payments (defined below), legal expenses, other expenses for professional services and share-based compensation. The expenses incurred in respect of Operating and Personnel Payments are expected to comprise the most significant component of G A expenses on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Under the Management Agreement, we pay a quarterly operating and personnel payment to the Manager or its affiliates Operating and Personnel Payments equal to 6.5 of the cash receipts from royalty investments for such quarter and 0.25 of the value of our security investments under GAAP as of the end of such quarter. 
 
 The operating and personnel payments for Old RPI, an obligation of the Legacy Investors Partnerships as a non-controlling interest in Old RPI and for which the expense is reflected in G A expenses, are calculated as the greater of 1 million per quarter and 0.3125 of royalties from Royalty Investments (as defined in the limited partnership agreements of the Legacy Investors Partnerships) during the previous twelve calendar months. 
 
 Equity in losses/(earnings) of equity method investees 
 
 Equity in losses/(earnings) of equity method investees primarily includes the results of our share of income or loss from the following non-consolidated affiliates: 
 
 1. Legacy SLP Interest 
 
 In connection with the Exchange Offer Transactions, we acquired an equity method investment from the Continuing Investors Partnerships in the form of a special limited partnership interest in the Legacy Investors Partnerships (the Legacy SLP Interest in exchange for issuing shares in our subsidiary. The Legacy SLP Interest entitles us to the equivalent of performance distribution payments that would have been paid to the general partner of the Legacy Investors Partnerships and a performance income allocation on a similar basis. As the Legacy Investors Partnerships no longer participate in investment opportunities, the value of the Legacy SLP Interest is expected to decline over time. 
 57 

2. The Avillion Entities 
 
 The Avillion Entities (as defined below) partner with global biopharmaceutical companies to perform R D in exchange for success-based milestones or royalties if products are commercialized. Our investments in Avillion Financing I, LP Avillion I and BAv Financing II, LP Avillion II and, together with Avillion I, the Avillion Entities are accounted for using the equity method. 
 
 Other (income)/expenses, net 
 
 Other (income)/expenses, net primarily includes the changes in fair market value of our equity securities, derivative instruments and available for sale debt securities, including related forwards and funding commitments, and interest income. 
 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 The net income attributable to non-controlling interests includes income attributable to the legacy non-controlling interests and the continuing non-controlling interests. As the Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT no longer participate in investment opportunities, the related net income attributable to the legacy non-controlling interests is expected to decline over time. 
 
 Net income attributable to the continuing non-controlling interests includes RP Holdings Class B Interests held by the Continuing Investors Partnerships and will include net income attributable to the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest held by EPA Holdings once certain performance conditions have been met. Future net income attributable to the non-controlling interest related to RP Holdings Class B Interests held by the Continuing Investors Partnerships will decline over time if the investors who indirectly own RP Holdings Class B Interests conduct exchanges for our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests above can fluctuate significantly from period to period, primarily driven by volatility in the income statement activity of the respective underlying entity as a result of the non-cash charges associated with applying the effective interest accounting methodology to our financial royalty assets as described in section titled Understanding Our Financial Reporting. 
 
 58 

Results of Operations 
 
 In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for 2022 compared to 2021. For a discussion of 2021 compared to 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The comparison of our historical results of operations for 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Income and other revenues Income from financial royalty assets 2,125,096 2,065,083 60,013 2.9 Revenue from intangible royalty assets 37,484 171,248 (133,764) (78.1) Other royalty income 74,635 53,132 21,503 40.5 Total income and other revenues 2,237,215 2,289,463 (52,248) (2.3) Operating expenses Provision for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets 904,244 452,842 451,402 99.7 Research and development funding expense 177,106 200,084 (22,978) (11.5) Amortization of intangible assets 5,670 22,996 (17,326) (75.3) General and administrative expenses 227,303 182,826 44,477 24.3 Financial royalty asset impairment 615,827 615,827 n/a Total operating expenses, net 1,930,150 858,748 1,071,402 124.8 Operating income 307,065 1,430,715 (1,123,650) (78.5) Other expense/(income) Equity in losses of equity method investees 8,973 19,490 (10,517) (54.0) Interest expense 187,961 166,142 21,819 13.1 Other (income)/expenses, net (119,933) 3,882 (123,815) Total other expenses, net 77,001 189,514 (112,513) (59.4) Consolidated net income 230,064 1,241,201 (1,011,137) (81.5) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 187,232 621,473 (434,241) (69.9) Net income attributable to Royalty Pharma plc 42,832 619,728 (576,896) (93.1) 
 Percentage change is not meaningful. 
 
 Total income and other revenues 
 
 Income from financial royalty assets 
 
 Income from financial royalty assets by top products for 2022 and 2021 is as follows, in order of contribution to income in 2022 (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Cystic fibrosis franchise 808,947 762,885 46,062 6.0 Imbruvica 310,929 385,350 (74,421) (19.3) Tysabri 207,164 211,422 (4,258) (2.0) Tremfya 109,796 16,706 93,090 557.2 Xtandi 95,803 107,833 (12,030) (11.2) Promacta 88,395 73,372 15,023 20.5 Other 504,062 507,515 (3,453) (0.7) Total income from financial royalty assets 2,125,096 2,065,083 60,013 2.9 
 
 59 

Income from financial royalty assets increased by 60.0 million, or 2.9 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by income from recently acquired assets, including Tremfya and Trelegy, in addition to the strong performance of the cystic fibrosis franchise primarily driven by the strong uptake of Kaftrio in countries outside the United States and the performance of Trikafta in the United States, including its uptake in children 6 through 11 years old. The increase in income was partially offset by the maturing of our royalties from the HIV franchise and declines in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts for Imbruvica and Tazverik. 
 
 Revenue from intangible royalty assets 
 
 Revenue from intangible royalty assets decreased by 133.8 million, or 78.1 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by the maturity of our royalties on Januvia and Janumet in the first quarter of 2022 and the recognition of underpaid prior period royalties on Tradjenta in 2021. 
 
 Other royalty income 
 
 Other royalty inco me increased by 21.5 million, or 40.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily related to growth in the ongoing product launches of Trodelvy and Nurtec ODT that arose from our R D funding agreements with Immunomedics and Biohaven, respectively. 
 
 Provision for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets 
 
 Provision activity is a combination of income and expense items. The provision breakdown by royalty asset (exclusive of the provision for current expected credit losses) based on the largest contributors to each year s provision income or expense (in thousands) is as follows: 
 
 Royalty 2022 Royalty 2021 Imbruvica 423,832 Tazverik 210,567 Tysabri 195,665 Imbruvica 189,999 Tazverik 177,850 Emgality 68,716 Xtandi 63,524 Cystic fibrosis franchise 48,636 Evrysdi 46,077 Tysabri (96,103) Other 191,094 Other 43,940 Total provision, exclusive of provision for credit losses 1,098,042 Total provision, exclusive of provision for credit losses 465,755 Provision for current expected credit losses (193,798) Provision for current expected credit losses (12,913) Total provision 904,244 Total provision 452,842 
 
 In 2022, we recorded provision expense of 904.2 million, comprised of 1,098.0 million and 193.8 million in provision expense for changes in expected cash flows and provision income for current expected credit losses, respectively. We recorded provision expense for changes in expected cash flows for Imbruvica, Tysabri and Tazverik primarily due to significant declines in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts. The provision income for credit losses was primarily driven by a significant decrease in current expected credit losses related to Tazverik as a result of the decline in the financial asset value and changes in payors for certain products with stronger credit profiles, which was partially offset by the addition of Trelegy to our portfolio of financial royalty assets with limited protective rights. 
 
 In 2021, we recorded provision expense of 452.8 million, of which 465.8 million and 12.9 million related to provision expense for changes in expected cash flows and provision income for current expected credit losses, respectively. We recorded provision expense for Tazverik, Imbruvica, Emgality and the cystic fibrosis franchise, primarily due to significant declines in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts. The provision expense was partially offset by provision income from a significant increase in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts for Tysabri. The current expected credit loss activity in 2021 resulted in provision income that was primarily driven by a significant decrease in current expected credit losses related to Tazverik as a result of the corresponding significant decline in the financial asset value. This was partially offset by provision expense for credit losses recognized as a result of the increases to our portfolio of financial royalty assets with limited protective rights, primarily related to zavegepant from a 100.0 million funding payment that we made to Biohaven upon the start of the oral zavegepant Phase 3 program and a new royalty interest in Cabometyx/Cometriq. 
 60 

R D funding expense 
 
 R D funding expense decreased by 23.0 million, or 11.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2022, we recognized upfront R D funding expense of 175.0 million in exchange for royalties and milestones on development-stage products from Cytokinetics, Incorporated Cytokinetics ), Theravance Biopharma, Inc Theravance and MSD International Business GmbH Merck ). In 2021, we recognized upfront R D funding expense of 193.2 million in exchange for royalties on development-stage products from BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. BioCryst and MorphoSys AG MorphoSys ). 
 
 G A expenses 
 
 G A expenses increased by 44.5 million, or 24.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher Operating and Personnel Payments due to increased cash receipts from royalty investments. 
 
 Financial royalty asset impairment 
 
 Financial royalty asset impairment was 615.8 million in 2022 due to the recognition of non-cash impairment charges of 273.6 million, 160.1 million and 182.1 million related to gantenerumab, otilimab and Gavreto, respectively. In November 2022, Roche stated that it would discontinue clinical trials of gantenerumab. In October 2022, GSK announced that it has decided not to progress with regulatory submissions for otilimab. These announcements contributed to our conclusion to impair these two assets. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we impaired our financial royalty asset related to Gavreto due to the uncertainty of Gaverto s commercial outlook. There was no comparable activity in 2021. 
 
 Equity in losses of equity method investees 
 
 Equity in losses of equity method investees decreased by 10.5 million, or 54.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by lower equity in losses from the Avillion Entities. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense increased by 21.8 million, or 13.1 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by the issuance of 1.3 billion senior unsecured notes in July 2021 2021 Notes ). The weighted average coupon rate was 2.24 and 2.18 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section for additional discussion of the Notes. 
 
 Other (income)/expenses, net 
 
 Other income, net of 119.9 million in 2022 was primarily comprised of 96.6 million of gains on derivative financial instruments related to our Milestone Acceleration Option that increased in value with the announcement and subsequent completion of Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. In addition, we recorded 78.3 million of interest income, primarily related to the full accelerated redemption of our Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven. The other income was partially offset by net losses on equity securities of 33.4 million. 
 
 Other expense, net of 3.9 million in 2021 was primarily comprised of net losses on equity securities of 48.1 million, including losses on MorphoSys ordinary shares and Epizyme common stock, partially offset by a gain on Biohaven common shares; and losses of 21.5 million on our derivative financial instruments related to our treasury rate lock contracts that were unwound and settled in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes. The losses were partially offset by interest income of 50.9 million related to our Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares and a gain of 17.9 million on the unrealized change in fair value of our available for sale debt securities. 
 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 Net income attributable to the Legacy Investors Partnerships decreased by 113.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by lower net income attributable to Old RPI and RPI ICAV as a result of increased provision expense recognized in 2022. 
 61 

Net income attributable to the Continuing Investors Partnerships decreased by 273.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by lower net income attributable to RP Holdings in 2022 as a result of increased provision expense and impairment charges recorded in 2022. Exchanges by investors in the Continuing Investors Partnerships who indirectly own RP Holdings Class B Interests for our Class A ordinary shares resulted in a decline in the Continuing Investors Partnerships ownership of RP Holdings. 
 
 Net income attributable to RPSFT decreased by 47.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021. We expect net income attributable to RPSFT to continue to decline as the assets held by RPCT mature. 
 
 Key Developments and Upcoming Events Relating to Our Portfolio 
 
 The key developments impacting our cash receipts and income and revenue from our royalty interests are discussed below: 
 
 Commercial Products 
 
 Cystic fibrosis franchise. In April 2021, Vertex announced EC approval for Kaftrio in combination with ivacaftor for the treatment of patients with cystic fibrosis ages 12 and older who have at least one F508del mutation. 
 
 In June 2021, Vertex announced that the FDA approved Trikafta for the treatment of children with cystic fibrosis ages 6 through 11 who have at least one F508del mutation or have certain mutations that are responsive to Trikafta based on in vitro data. 
 
 In January 2022, Vertex announced that the EC granted approval for the label expansion of Kaftrio in combination with ivacaftor for the treatment of cystic fibrosis in patients ages 6 through 11 years old who have at least one F508del mutation in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene. 
 
 In November 2022, Vertex announced the submission of a New Drug Application NDA with the FDA for Trikafta in patients ages 2 through 5 years. Regulatory filings were also submitted with the European Medicines Agency EMA and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency. Vertex has indicated it expects an FDA decision on its Trikafta NDA patients ages 2 through 5 years in the second quarter of 2023, with a PDUFA target action date of April 28, 2023. 
 
 Tysabri. In April 2021, Biogen announced that the EC granted marketing authorization for a subcutaneous injection of Tysabri to treat relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Biogen also announced that it had received a complete response letter from the FDA for its supplemental biologics license application for subcutaneous Tysabri. The complete response letter indicated that the FDA was unable to approve Biogen s filing as submitted. 
 
 In August 2021, Biogen announced results from Phase 3b NOVA study evaluation every six-week dosing with Tysabri intravenous administration in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Results show that every six-week Tysabri intravenous administration provides a high level of efficacy in controlling multiple sclerosis disease activity in patients who switched from the approved every four-week dosing regimen. 
 
 Imbruvica. In June 2021, Johnson Johnson announced Phase 3 GLOW study results for fixed-duration Imbruvica in combination with Venetoclax demonstrated superior progression-free survival versus chlorambucil plus obinutuzumab as a first-line treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. The study also showed improved duration of remission and significantly improved depth of remission. 
 
 In August 2021, AbbVie announced that the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware had issued a decision holding patent rights relating to Imbruvica were valid and infringed by a generic product from Alvogen and Natco. The decision, which is subject to appeal, prohibits regulatory approval of that generic product until the last AbbVie patent expires. Previously, AbbVie entered into several settlement and license agreements with other generic companies. Consequently, AbbVie does not expect any generic product entry prior to March 30, 2032, assuming pediatric exclusivity is granted. 
 
 62 

In June 2022, Johnson Johnson announced primary results from the Phase 3 SHINE study, which demonstrated that the combination of once-daily oral Imbruvica plus bendamustine-rituximab (BR) and rituximab maintenance significantly reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 25 compared to patients who received placebo plus BR and rituximab maintenance in patients aged 65 years or older with newly diagnosed mantle cell lymphoma. 
 
 In August 2022, AbbVie and Johnson Johnson announced that the FDA approved Imbruvica for the treatment of pediatric patients one year and older with chronic graft-versus-host disease. 
 
 In August 2022, Johnson Johnson announced that the EC granted marketing authorization for the expanded use of Imbruvica in an all-oral, fixed-duration treatment combination with venetoclax for adults with previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. The approval is based on the pivotal Phase 3 GLOW study and the fixed-duration cohort of the Phase 2 CAPTIVATE study. 
 
 Xtandi. In May 2021, Astellas and Pfizer announced that the EC approved Xtandi for the treatment of patients with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer. 
 
 In September 2021, Astellas and Pfizer announced that Xtandi plus androgen deprivation therapy reduced the risk of death by 34 compared to placebo plus androgen deprivation therapy in the Phase 3 ARCHES study in men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer. The primary results from the ARCHES trial were published in 2019. 
 
 In October 2022, Pfizer announced positive top-line results from the Phase 3 TALAPRO-2 study of Talzenna, an oral poly ADP-ribose polymerase inhibitor, in combination with Xtandi compared to placebo plus Xtandi in men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. The study met its primary endpoint with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in radiographic progression-free survival. The safety of Talzenna plus Xtandi was generally consistent with the known safety profile of each medicine. Pfizer intends to share data with global regulatory authorities to potentially support a regulatory filing. 
 
 In February 2023, Astellas indicated that there could be a potential readout of the Phase 3 EMBARK trial for high-risk non-metastatic prostate cancer in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Nurtec ODT. In May 2021, Biohaven announced that the FDA approved Nurtec ODT for the preventative treatment of migraine, indicated for adult patients with episodic migraine who experience less than 15 headache days per month. 
 
 In April 2022, Pfizer and Biohaven announced that the EC has granted marketing authorization for Vydura (rimegepant) for both the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura, and prophylaxis of episodic migraine in adults who have at least four migraine attacks per month. 
 
 In October 2022, Pfizer acquired all outstanding shares of Biohaven not already owned by Pfizer for 148.50 per share in cash for a total of approximately 11.6 billion. Pfizer also made payments at closing to settle Biohaven s third-party debt and to redeem Biohaven s outstanding redeemable preferred shares. 
 
 Trodelvy. In April 2021, Gilead announced the FDA granted full approval to Trodelvy for adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) who have received two or more prior systemic therapies, at least one of them for metastatic disease. The approval is supported by data from the Phase 3 ASCENT study. 
 
 In April 2021, Gilead announced that the FDA granted an accelerated approval of Trodelvy for use in adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer who have previously received a platinum-containing chemotherapy and either a programmed death receptor-1 or a programmed death-ligand 1 inhibitor. The accelerated approval was based on data from the international Phase 2, single-arm TROPHY study. 
 
 In June 2021, Gilead announced superior outcomes to standard of care in second-line treatment of metastatic TNBC in the Phase 3 ASCENT study. Trodelvy more than doubled overall survival as a second-line treatment in the new ASCENT subgroup analysis. 
 
 63 

In October 2021, Gilead announced a collaboration with Merck Co. to investigate Trodelvy in combination with Keytruda as a first-line treatment for people with locally advanced or metastatic TNBC. 
 
 In November 2021, Gilead announced that the EC granted marketing authorization for Trodelvy as a monotherapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable or metastatic TNBC who have received two or more prior systemic therapies, at least one of them for advanced disease. The EC s decision is supported by results from the Phase 3 ASCENT study, where Trodelvy reduced the risk of death by 49 and improved median overall survival to 11.8 months versus 6.9 months with physician s choice of chemotherapy. 
 
 In January 2022, Gilead announced it has entered into two clinical trial collaboration and supply agreements with Merck Co. to evaluate the combination of Trodelvy and Merck Co. s anti-PD-1 therapy Keytruda in first-line metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). As part of the collaboration, Merck Co. will sponsor a global Phase 3 clinical trial of Trodelvy in combination with Keytruda as a first-line treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC. 
 
 Additionally, Gilead and Merck Co. established an agreement where Gilead will sponsor a Phase 2 signal-seeking study evaluating combinations that include pembrolizumab in first-line NSCLC. 
 
 In June 2022, Gilead announced results from the primary analysis of the Phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study of Trodelvy versus physicians choice of chemotherapy in heavily pre-treated HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer patients who received prior endocrine therapy, CDK4/6 inhibitors and two to four lines of chemotherapy. The study met its primary endpoint of progression-free survival with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful 34 reduction in the risk of disease progression or death. The first interim analysis of the key secondary endpoint of overall survival demonstrated a trend in improvement. Patients will be followed for a subsequent overall survival analysis. The safety profile for Trodelvy was consistent with prior studies. 
 
 In September 2022, Gilead announced positive overall survival results from the Phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study evaluating Trodelvy versus comparator physicians choice of chemotherapy in patients with HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer who received endocrine-based therapies and at least two chemotherapies. In the study, Trodelvy demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement of 3.2 months in overall survival compared to chemotherapy. The TROPiCS-02 study met its primary endpoint of progression-free survival earlier this year, and demonstrated improved median progression-free survival in both HER2-low and IHC0 groups. 
 
 In February 2023, Gilead announced the U.S. FDA approved Trodelvy for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. 
 
 Cabometyx. In January 2021, Exelixis announced that the FDA approved Cabometyx for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) as a first-line treatment in combination with Bristol Myers Squibb s Opdivo. The approval was based on the Phase 3 CheckMate -9ER trial, in which the combination of Cabometyx and Opdivo significantly improved overall survival while doubling progression-free survival and objective response rate versus sunitinib as a first-line treatment for patients with advanced RCC. 
 
 In March 2021, Ipsen announced that the EC approved the combination of Cabometyx and Opdivo for the first-line treatment of advanced RCC. 
 
 In August 2021, Exelixis announced that their partners Takeda and Ono received approval in Japan for Cabometyx in combination with Opdivo for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic RCC. 
 
 In September 2021, Exelixis announced detailed results from the expanded Cohort 6 of the Phase 1b COSMIC-021 trial of Cabometyx in combination with atezolizumab in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer, which included patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer who had been previously treated with novel hormone therapies enzalutamide or abiraterone acetate used along with prednisone. Following discussions with FDA, Exelixis announced that it will not pursue a regulatory submission for the combination regimen based on cohort 6 of COSMIC-021. Exelixis believes that CONTACT-02, a global Phase 3 pivotal trial that initiated enrollment in June 2020 may serve as a basis for future regulatory applications. 
 
 64 

In September 2021, Exelixis announced FDA approved Cabometyx for patients with previously treated radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. The approval was based on the Phase 3 COSMIC-311 pivotal trial. 
 
 In March 2022, Exelixis announced results from the final analysis of the second primary endpoint of overall survival from the Phase 3 COSMIC-312 trial, which evaluated cabozantinib in combination with atezolizumab versus sorafenib in patients with previously untreated advanced hepatocellular carcinoma. The final analysis showed neither improvement nor detriment in overall survival for cabozantinib in combination with atezolizumab versus sorafenib. 
 
 In May 2022, Ipsen announced that it received approval from the EC for Cabometyx as a monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic differentiated thyroid carcinoma, refractory or not eligible to radioactive iodine who have progressed during or after prior systemic therapy. 
 
 In September 2022, Exelixis announced detailed results from COSMIC-313, an ongoing Phase 3 trial evaluating Cabometyx, nivolumab and ipilimumab versus the combination of nivolumab and ipilimumab in patients with previously untreated advanced intermediate- or poor-risk RCC, which met its primary endpoint, demonstrating significant improvement in progression-free survival at the primary analysis. At a prespecified interim analysis for the secondary endpoint of overall survival, the combination of Cabometyx, nivolumab and ipilimumab did not demonstrate a significant benefit. Following discussions with FDA, Exelixis does not intend to submit a supplemental NDA based on currently available data, but will plan to discuss a potential regulatory submission with FDA when results of the next overall survival analysis are available. 
 
 In December 2022, Exelixis announced that the Phase 3 CONTACT-01 study of Cabometyx in combination with atezolizumab versus docetaxel in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer without actionable mutations who experienced disease progression on or after treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitor and platinum-containing chemotherapy, did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival at the final analysis. Detailed findings from CONTACT-01 are expected to be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting. 
 
 Exelixis has indicated it expects Phase 3 data in the first half of 2023 from CONTACT-03 in advanced or metastatic RCC and in the second half of 2023 from CONTACT-02 in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. Additionally, the next overall survival analysis from COSMIC-313, the Phase 3 trial in advanced intermediate- or poor-risk RCC, is expected in 2023. 
 
 Evrysdi. In March 2021, Roche announced that the EC approved Evrysdi for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in patients two months of age and older, with a clinical diagnosis of SMA Type 1, Type 2 or Type 3 or with one to four splicing modifier of motor neuron 2 copies. 
 
 In June 2021, Evrysdi was approved in Japan for the treatment of SMA. 
 
 In May 2022, Roche announced that the FDA has approved a label extension for Evrysdi to include infants under two months old with SMA. The approval is based on the interim efficacy and safety data from the RAINBOWFISH study in newborns, which showed that the majority of pre-symptomatic infants treated with Evrysdi achieved key milestones such as sitting and standing with half walking after 12 months of treatment. 
 
 Orladeyo. In January 2021, Orladeyo was approved in Japan, becoming the first and only prophylactic hereditary angioedema (HAE) medication approved in the region. 
 
 In April 2021, BioCryst announced that the EC approved Orladeyo for the prevention of recurrent HAE attacks in patients 12 years and older. 
 
 In April 2021, BioCryst announced approval of Japanese National Health Insurance System price listing of Orladeyo for prophylactic treatment of HAE. 
 
 65 

Oxlumo. In July 2021, Alnylam announced results from ILLUMINATE-C, a Phase 3 open-label study of lumasiran in patients of all ages with advanced primary hyperoxaluria type 1 associated with progressive decline in renal function. Results from the primary analysis at six months demonstrated a substantial reduction in plasma oxalate from baseline in patients with advanced disease, including those on hemodialysis. The safety and tolerability profile of lumasiran following six months of treatment was encouraging across all ages, with no drug related serious adverse events and injection site reactions as the most common adverse event. 
 
 In March 2022, the FDA accepted Alnylam s supplemental NDA for lumasiran for the reduction of plasma oxalate in the treatment of patients with advanced primary hyperoxaluria type 1. The FDA has set an action date for October 6, 2022. Additionally, a Type II Variation for lumasiran to amend the label in patients with advanced primary hyperoxaluria Type 1 was submitted and validated by the EMA in December 2021. 
 
 In October 2022, Alnylam announced that the FDA approved a label expansion for Oxlumo, now indicated for the treatment of primary hyperoxaluria type 1 to lower urinary oxalate and plasma oxalate levels in pediatric and adult patients. The approval is based on positive efficacy and safety results of the ILLUMINATE-C Phase 3 study of Oxlumo in patients with severe renal impairment, including those on hemodialysis. 
 
 Tremfya. In February 2022, Johnson Johnson announced results from the Phase 2a VEGA proof-of-concept study. Results showed that the combination of Tremfya and golimumab, a tumor necrosis factor-alpha antagonist, induced higher rates of clinical response, clinical remission, endoscopic improvement and a composite histologic-endoscopic endpoint at 12 weeks than either treatment alone in adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Rates of adverse events were comparable among treatment groups. 
 
 In February 2022, Johnson Johnson announced results from the Phase 2b QUASAR Induction Study 1 in ulcerative colitis. Results showed that a significantly greater proportion of adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who previously had an inadequate response or intolerance to conventional therapies or selected advanced therapies and were treated with Tremfya achieved clinical response at week 12 (Tremfya 200 mg: 61.4 and Tremfya 400 mg: 60.7 ), the study s primary endpoint compared with placebo (27.6 ). Safety data at week 12 was consistent with the safety profile for Tremfya in approved indications. 
 
 In October 2022, Johnson Johnson announced new results from the Phase 2b QUASAR Induction Study 1. Results showed that continued treatment with Tremfya in adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis with inadequate responses to previous treatments allowed a mean of 52.1 of IV Tremfya week 12 clinical nonresponders to achieve clinical response at week 24. Clinical response at weeks 12 or 24 of the study was ultimately achieved by 80.2 of patients who were randomized to IV Tremfya 200mg and by 78.5 of patients who were randomized to IV Tremfya 400mg. 
 
 Tazverik. In August 2022, Ipsen completed its acquisition of Epizyme. Ipsen acquired all the outstanding shares of Epizyme at a price of 1.45 per share plus a contingent value right of 1 per share. 
 
 Airsupra. In September 2021, AstraZeneca and Avillion announced positive results from MANDALA and DENALI, two Phase 3 trials evaluating Airsupra (albuterol/budesonide), formerly known as PT027, in patients with asthma. Airsupra is a potential first-in-class inhaled, fixed-dose combination of albuterol, a short-acting beta2-agonist, and budesonide, an inhaled corticosteroid. In MANDALA, Airsupra demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in the risk of severe exacerbations compared to albuterol, when used as a rescue medicine in response to symptoms. In DENALI, Airsupra showed a statistically significant improvement in lung function measured by forced expiratory volume in one second, compared to the individual components albuterol and budesonide, and compared to placebo. The safety and tolerability of Airsupra in both trials was consistent with the known profiles of the components. 
 
 In May 2022, Avillion LLP, a drug development company focused on the co-development and financing of pharmaceutical candidates from proof-of-concept through to regulatory approval, announced that FDA accepted for filing the NDA for AstraZeneca s Airsupra. The proposed indication is for the as-needed treatment or prevention of bronchoconstriction and for the prevention of exacerbation of asthma. The co-development partnership between AstraZeneca and Avillion also recently expanded to include the BATURA study, a randomized Phase 3b decentralized trial to further assess the role of Airsupra in preventing asthma exacerbations. 
 
 66 

In November 2022, the FDA Pulmonary-Allergy Drugs Advisory Committee voted 16 to 1 that the data support a favorable benefit risk assessment for the use of Airsupra for the treatment of asthma in people aged 18 years or older. 
 
 In January 2023, AstraZeneca announced the U.S. approval of Airsupra for the as-needed treatment or prevention of bronchoconstriction and to reduce the risk of exacerbations in people with asthma aged 18 years and older. 
 
 Development-Stage Product Candidates 
 
 Aficamten. In December 2021, Cytokinetics announced the FDA granted breakthrough therapy designation for aficamten for the treatment of symptomatic obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy oHCM based on results from REDWOOD-HCM. 
 
 In February 2022, Cytokinetics announced positive topline results from Cohort 3 of the REDWOOD-HCM Phase 2 trial. Results from Cohort 3 showed that substantial reductions in the average resting left ventricular outflow tract pressure gradient LVOT-G as well as the post-Valsalva LVOT-G were achieved for patients with oHCM and a resting or post-Valsalva LVOT-G of greater than 50 mmHg whose background therapy included disopyramide and in the majority a beta-adrenergic blocker. The safety and tolerability of aficamten were consistent with prior experience in REDWOOD-HCM with no treatment interruptions and no serious adverse events attributed to treatment reported by the investigators. 
 
 BCX10013. In January 2023, BioCryst announced that initial data from ongoing Phase 1 single ascending dose and multiple ascending dose trials in healthy volunteers showed rapid and sustained suppression of the alternative pathway of the complement system. BCX10013 was safe and generally well-tolerated at all doses studied to date. BioCryst plans to advance BCX10013 into patient studies in mid-2023, including in patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, to evaluate once-daily dosing. BioCryst expects to confirm the optimal dosing for pivotal trials by the end of the year, move directly into a pivotal trial in patients with immunoglobulin A nephropathy, and rapidly expand into pivotal trials in additional indications. 
 
 BCX9930. In December 2022, BioCryst announced that it would discontinue the development of BCX9930 based on new competitive data recently presented at the American Society of Hematology annual meeting. BioCryst will fully focus its complement inhibitor development efforts on BCX10013, a potential once-daily, oral Factor D inhibitor currently in clinical development. 
 
 Gantenerumab. In November 2022, Roche stated that it would discontinue clinical trials of gantenerumab after the GRADUATE I and II studies evaluating gantenerumab in people with early Alzheimer s disease did not meet their primary endpoint of slowing clinical decline. Roche continues to study trontinemab, its brain shuttle version of gantenerumab, in a Phase 2a study. 
 
 Omecamtiv mecarbil. In February 2022, Cytokinetics announced that the FDA has accepted and filed its NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. The FDA assigned the NDA a standard review with a PDUFA date of November 30, 2022. The FDA also indicated that it is currently not planning to hold an advisory committee meeting to discuss the application. The submission is supported by GALACTIC-HF, which demonstrated a positive effect on the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death or heart failure events in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) who were receiving standard of care plus omecamtiv mecarbil. 
 
 In February 2022, Cytokinetics announced results from METEORIC-HF, a Phase 3 trial evaluating the effect of treatment with omecamtiv mecarbil compared to placebo on exercise capacity in patients with HFrEF. After 20 weeks of treatment, there was no change in peak oxygen uptake in patients treated with omecamtiv mecarbil versus placebo. 
 
 In December 2022, the U.S. FDA Cardiovascular and Renal Drugs Advisory Committee voted 8 to 3 that the benefits of omecamtiv mecarbil do not outweigh its risks for the treatment of HFrEF. The NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil is currently under review by the FDA, with a PDUFA target action date of February 28, 2023. 
 
 67 

Otilimab. In October 2022, GSK announced that two of the three Phase trials met their primary endpoints, but the limited efficacy demonstrated in the ContRAst Phase 3 program did not support a suitable benefit/risk profile for otilimab as a potential treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. As a result, GSK decided not to progress with regulatory submissions. 
 
 Pelabresib. In December 2021, MorphoSys presented data from the Phase 2 MANIFEST study evaluating pelabresib in the treatment of myelofibrosis. As of September 10, 2021, the data cut-off, a total of 84 JAK inhibitor-naive patients were enrolled and received the first-line combination of pelabresib and ruxolitinib. The data showed 68 (n=57) of patients treated with the combination achieved a greater than or equal to 35 reduction in spleen volume from baseline at week 24 and 60 (n=47) maintained a greater than or equal to 35 reduction in spleen volume at week 48. Most patients also saw their symptoms reduced, with 56 (n=46) achieving greater than or equal to 50 reduction in total symptom score from baseline at week 24. 
 
 MorphoSys has indicated it expects topline data from the Phase 3 MANIFEST-2 study of pelabresib in myelofibrosis in early 2024. 
 
 Tulmimetostat: In October 2022, MorphoSys announced preliminary Phase 1/2 results of tulmimetostat, formerly known as CPI-0209, an oral, investigational next-generation selective dual inhibitor of EZH2 and EZH1, in heavily pretreated patients with advanced cancers. Results showed responses or disease stabilization in five cohorts with evaluable patients. The safety profile of tulmimetostat was consistent with the mechanism of action of EZH2 inhibition. 
 
 Zavegepant. In March 2021, Biohaven announced that it enrolled the first patient in a Phase 2/3 clinical trial of oral zavegepant for the preventive treatment of migraine. Accordingly, per the agreement with Biohaven announced in August 2020, we paid 100 million to Biohaven for the achievement of this milestone, bringing total zavegepant funding to 250 million. In October 2022, Pfizer acquired Biohaven. Pfizer expects data from the trial in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 In December 2021, Biohaven announced positive topline results from the second pivotal clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of intranasal zavegepant for the acute treatment of migraine in adults. The Phase 3 study achieved its co-primary regulatory endpoints of pain freedom and freedom of most bothersome symptom at two hours and showed broad efficacy by demonstrating statistically significant superiority to placebo across a total of 15 prespecified primary and secondary outcome measures. 
 
 In May 2022, Biohaven announced that the FDA accepted for review a NDA for zavegepant nasal spray for the acute treatment of migraine in adults. The PDUFA date is in the first quarter of 2023. 

Non-GAAP Financial Results 
 
 In addition to analyzing our results on a GAAP basis, management also reviews our results on a non-GAAP basis. As a result, management places importance on royalty receipts as they are predictable and we use them as a measure of our operating performance. Refer to section titled Non-GAAP Reconciliations for additional discussion of management s use of non-GAAP measures as supplemental financial measures and reconciliations from the most directly GAAP comparable measures of Net cash provided by operating activities . 
 
 Adjusted Cash Receipts is a measure calculated with inputs directly from the statements of cash flows and includes (1) total royalty receipts: (i) Cash collections from royalty assets (financial assets and intangible assets), (ii) Other royalty cash collections , (iii) Distributions from equity method investees, plus (2) Proceeds from available for sale debt securities ; less (1) Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts , which represent contractual distributions of royalty receipts and proceeds from available for sale debt securities to the Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT. Adjusted Cash Receipts is most directly comparable to the GAAP measure of Net cash provided by operating activities . 
 
 68 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Cash Flow are similar non-GAAP liquidity measures that are both most closely comparable to the GAAP measure, Net cash provided by operating activities . Adjusted EBITDA is important to our lenders and is defined under the Credit Agreement (defined below) as Adjusted Cash Receipts less Payments for operating and professional costs. Payments for operating and professional costs are comprised of Payments for operating and professional costs and Payments for rebates from the statements of cash flows. 
 
 Adjusted Cash Flow is defined as Adjusted EBITDA less (1) Development-stage funding payments - ongoing , (2) Development-stage funding payments - upfront and milestone , (3) Interest paid , net of Interest received, (4) Investments in equity method investees and (5) Other (including Derivative collateral posted, net of Derivative collateral received , and Termination payments on derivative instruments plus (1) Contributions from legacy non-controlling interests - R D , all directly reconcilable to the statements of cash flows. 
 
 Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted Cash Flow are used by management as key liquidity measures in the evaluation of our ability to generate cash from operations. Both measures are an indication of the strength of the Company and the performance of the business. Management also uses Adjusted Cash Flow to compare its performance against non-GAAP measures used by companies in the biopharmaceutical industry. Adjusted EBITDA, as derived from Adjusted Cash Receipts, is used by our lenders to assess our ability to meet our financial covenants. 
 
 For a discussion of our cash flow results on a GAAP basis for 2022 and 2021, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources. The following is a discussion of our results on a non-GAAP basis for 2022 and 2021. For a discussion comparing our results on a non-GAAP basis for 2021 and 2020, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 69 

The table below includes the royalty receipts and non-GAAP financial results for 2022 and 2021 by product in order of contribution to royalty receipts for 2022 (in thousands). 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Royalties 2022 2021 Cystic fibrosis franchise (1) 811,052 702,140 108,912 15.5 Nurtec ODT/Biohaven payment (2) 559,623 70,188 489,435 Tysabri 369,793 369,149 644 0.2 Imbruvica 312,690 352,911 (40,221) (11.4) Xtandi 186,701 158,103 28,598 18.1 Promacta 181,632 173,621 8,011 4.6 Tremfya 97,307 35,718 61,589 172.4 Trelegy 89,915 89,915 n/a Januvia, Janumet, Other DPP-IVs (3) 72,943 151,158 (78,215) (51.7) Cabometyx/Cometriq 55,426 33,722 21,704 64.4 Farxiga/Onglyza 43,840 36,378 7,462 20.5 Evrysdi 40,645 16,098 24,547 152.5 Prevymis 37,126 37,505 (379) (1.0) Trodelvy 24,809 13,395 11,414 85.2 Orladeyo 21,801 6,740 15,061 223.5 Erleada 21,378 14,227 7,151 50.3 Crysvita 20,402 16,741 3,661 21.9 Emgality 18,832 15,481 3,351 21.6 Oxlumo 2,602 1,248 1,354 108.5 Other products (4) 262,739 404,019 (141,280) (35.0) Total royalty receipts 3,231,256 2,608,542 622,714 23.9 Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts (441,963) (479,604) 37,641 (7.8) Adjusted Cash Receipts (non-GAAP) 2,789,293 2,128,938 660,355 31.0 Payments for operating and professional costs (222,969) (184,511) (38,458) 20.8 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 2,566,324 1,944,427 621,897 32.0 Development-stage funding payments - ongoing (2,106) (6,876) 4,770 (69.4) Development-stage funding payments - upfront and milestone (175,000) (193,208) 18,208 (9.4) Interest paid, net (145,157) (127,295) (17,862) 14.0 Investments in equity method investees (9,896) (34,855) 24,959 (71.6) Contributions from legacy non-controlling interests - R D 1,059 7,339 (6,280) (85.6) Other (16,093) 16,093 (100.0) Adjusted Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 2,235,224 1,573,439 661,785 42.1 Fully diluted Class A ordinary shares outstanding 607,224 607,176 
 Percentage change is not meaningful. 
 
 (1) The cystic fibrosis franchise includes the following approved products: Kalydeco, Orkambi, Symdeko/Symkevi and Trikafta/Kaftrio. 
 (2) Amounts include quarterly redemption payments of 15.6 million in 2021 and 2022 related to the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares (presented as Proceeds from available for sale debt securities on the statements of cash flows). In 2022, amounts also include the accelerated redemption payments of 479.5 million for all outstanding Series A and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. The remaining amounts are related to royalty receipts from Nurtec ODT. 
 (3) Januvia, Janumet, Other DPP-IVs include the following approved products: Onglyza, Kombiglyze, Galvus, Eucreas and Nesina. The Other DPP-IVs are marketed by AstraZeneca, Novartis and Takeda. Our royalty receipts substantially ended in the second quarter of 2022. 
 (4) Other products primarily include royalty receipts on the following products: Bosulif (a product co-developed by our joint venture investee, Avillion I, for which receipts are presented as Distributions from equity method investees on the statements of cash flows), Cimzia, Entyvio, Gavreto, HIV franchise, IDHIFA, Letairis, Lexiscan, Mircera, Myozyme, Nesina, Soliqua, Tazverik and distributions from the Legacy SLP Interest. Other products for 2021 include a one-time milestone payment of 45.0 million that we received on Soliqua. 
 
 70 

Adjusted Cash Receipts (non-GAAP) 
 
 Adjusted Cash Receipts increased by 660.4 million to 2.8 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by the accelerated redemption of all outstanding Series A and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares received following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. We also saw an increase in royalty receipts from the cystic fibrosis franchise and new assets acquired in 2022, primarily Trelegy. The increase was partially offset by a decline in royalty receipts from maturing royalties, such as the HIV franchise and Januvia, Janumet and other DPP-IVs, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange movements. The increase in Adjusted Cash Receipts was further driven by a decrease in distributions of royalty receipts to legacy non-controlling interests due to maturing royalties jointly owned by the Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT. 
 
 Below we discuss the key drivers of royalty receipts. 
 
 Royalty Receipts 
 
 Cystic fibrosis franchise Royalty receipts from the cystic fibrosis franchise, which includes Kalydeco, Orkambi, Symdeko/Symkevi and Trikafta/Kaftrio, which are marketed by Vertex for patients with certain mutations causing cystic fibrosis, increased by 108.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the strong uptake of Kaftrio in countries outside the United States and the performance of Trikafta in the United States, including its uptake in children 6 through 11 years old. 
 
 Nurtec ODT/Biohaven payment Royalty receipts from Nurtec ODT, which is marketed by Pfizer for the acute treatment of migraine, were 17.6 million and the redemption payments on Biohaven Series A and Series B Preferred Shares were 542.0 million in 2022. The increase of 9.9 million in royalty receipts from Nurtec ODT compared to 2021 was driven by strong volume growth. The increase of 479.5 million in redemption payments compared to 2021 was driven by the accelerated redemption payments for all outstanding Series A and Series B Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. 
 
 Tysabri Royalty receipts from Tysabri, which is marketed by Biogen for the treatment of multiple sclerosis, were relatively consistent in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Imbruvica Royalty receipts from Imbruvica, which is marketed by AbbVie and Johnson Johnson for the treatment of blood cancers and chronic graft versus host disease, decreased by 40.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was largely due to increased competition in the chronic lymphocytic leukemia market and a decrease in new patient starts in the United States relative to pre-COVID levels. 
 
 Xtandi Royalty receipts from Xtandi, which is marketed by Pfizer and Astellas for the treatment of prostate cancer, increased by 28.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by demand across various prostate cancer indications and a true-up of royalties from prior periods. 
 
 Promacta Royalty receipts from Promacta, which is marketed by Novartis for the treatment of chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) and aplastic anemia, increased by 8.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021. This growth was largely driven by increased use in chronic ITP and further uptake as first-line treatment for severe aplastic anemia in the United States. 
 
 Tremfya Royalty receipts from Tremfya, which is marketed by Johnson Johnson for the treatment of plaque psoriasis and active psoriatic arthritis, increased by 61.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was largely driven by market growth and continued market share gains. We acquired the Tremfya royalty in July 2021 and we began to record royalty receipts in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Trelegy Royalty receipts from Trelegy, which is marketed by GSK for the maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma, were 89.9 million in 2022, primarily due to strong patient demand across all regions and growth of the single inhaler triple therapy market. We acquired the Trelegy royalty in July 2022 and we began to record royalty receipts in the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 Januvia, Janumet, Other DPP-IVs Royalty receipts from the DPP-IVs for type 2 diabetes, which include Januvia and Janumet, both marketed by Merck Co., decreased by 78.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Royalty receipts from Januvia, Janumet and other DPP-IVs substantially ended in the second quarter of 2022. 
 71 

Cabometyx/Cometriq Royalty receipts from Cabometyx/Cometriq, which is marketed by Exelixis, Ipsen and Takeda, increased by 21.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to the uptake of Cabometyx in combination with Opdivo as a first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma, including longer duration of therapy. We acquired the Cabometyx/Cometriq royalty in March 2021 and we began to record royalty receipts in the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts 
 
 Distributions of royalty receipts to legacy non-controlling interests decreased by 37.6 million to 442.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021, which positively impacted Adjusted Cash Receipts. The decrease in distributions of royalty receipts to legacy non-controlling interests is primarily due to maturing royalties jointly owned by the Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT. Partially offsetting these decreases was a distribution to legacy non-controlling interests related to the accelerated redemption of all outstanding Biohaven Series A Preferred Shares that we received following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 621.9 million to 2.6 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of the factors noted above in Adjusted Cash Receipts (non-GAAP). The increase was partially offset by payments for operating and professional costs, the only adjustment between Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted EBITDA, which increased in 2022 as our Operating and Personnel Payments are a fixed percentage of 6.5 of cash receipts from our royalties. 
 
 Adjusted Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 
 
 Adjusted Cash Flow increased by 661.8 million to 2.2 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily for the same reasons noted above in Adjusted Cash Receipts (non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP). 
 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 
 Adjusted Cash Receipts, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Cash Flow are non-GAAP measures presented as supplemental measures to our GAAP financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and therefore have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP. In each case, because our operating performance is a function of our liquidity, the non-GAAP measures used by management are presented and defined as supplemental liquidity measures. We caution readers that amounts presented in accordance with our definitions of Adjusted Cash Receipts, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Cash Flow may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies. Not all companies and analysts calculate the non-GAAP measures we use in the same manner. We compensate for these limitations by using non-GAAP financial measures as supplements to GAAP financial measures and by presenting the reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most comparable GAAP financial measures, in each case being Net cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 We believe that Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted Cash Flow provide meaningful information about our operating performance because the business is heavily reliant on its ability to generate consistent cash flows and these measures reflect the core cash collections and cash charges comprising our operating results. Management strongly believes that our significant operating cash flow is one of the attributes that attracts potential investors to our business. 
 
 In addition, we believe that Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted Cash Flow help identify underlying trends in the business and permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses our performance, including planning and forecasting for future periods. Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted Cash Flow are used by management as key liquidity measures in evaluating our ability to generate cash from operations. Both measures are an indication of our strength and the performance of the business. Management uses Adjusted Cash Receipts and Adjusted Cash Flow when considering available cash, including for decision-making purposes related to funding of acquisitions, voluntary debt repayments, dividends and other discretionary investments. Further, these non-GAAP financial measures help management, the audit committee and investors evaluate our ability to generate liquidity from operating activities. 
 
 72 

Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA is an important non-GAAP measure in analyzing our liquidity and is a key component of certain material covenants contained within our Credit Agreement (defined below). Noncompliance with the interest coverage ratio and leverage ratio covenants under the Credit Agreement (defined below) could result in our lenders requiring us to immediately repay all amounts borrowed. If we cannot satisfy these financial covenants, we would be prohibited under our Credit Agreement (defined below) from engaging in certain activities, such as incurring additional indebtedness, paying dividends, making certain payments and acquiring and disposing of assets. Consequently, Adjusted EBITDA is critical to the assessment of our liquidity. 
 
 Management uses Adjusted Cash Flow to evaluate its ability to generate cash from operations, the performance of the business and our performance as compared to its peer group. Management also uses Adjusted Cash Flow to compare its performance against non-GAAP measures used by many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry, even though each company may customize its own calculation and therefore one company s metric may not be directly comparable to another s. We believe that non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted Cash Flow, are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. 
 
 The non-GAAP financial measures used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for the analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We have provided a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, in each case being Net cash provided by operating activities below. 
 
 To arrive at Adjusted Cash Receipts, we start with the GAAP line item, Net cash provided by operating activities , and adjust for the following items from the statements of cash flows: to add back (1) Proceeds from available for sale debt securities (redemption of Biohaven Preferred Shares), which are cash inflows that management believes are derived from royalties and form part of our core business strategy, (2) Distributions from equity method investees which are classified as cash inflows from investing activities (3) Interest paid , net of Interest received , (4) Development-stage funding payments, (5) Payments for operating and professional costs , (6) Payments for rebates and (7) Termination payments on derivative instruments , and to deduct (1) Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts , which represents distributions to the Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT and (2) Derivative collateral posted or (received), net, both of which are excluded when management assesses its operating performance through cash collections, or, Adjusted Cash Receipts. 
 
 To arrive at Adjusted EBITDA, we start with Net cash provided by operating activities and adjust for the following items from the statements of cash flows: to add back (1) Proceeds from available for sale debt securities (redemption of Biohaven Preferred Shares), (2) Distributions from equity method investees which are classified as cash inflows from investing activities, (3) Interest paid , net of Interest received, (4) Development-stage funding payments and (5) Termination payments on derivative instruments , and to deduct (1) Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts and (2) Derivative collateral posted or (received), net. 
 
 To arrive at Adjusted Cash Flow, we start with Net cash provided by operating activities and adjust for the following items from the statements of cash flows: to add back (1) Proceeds from available for sale debt securities (redemption of Biohaven Preferred Shares), (2) Distributions from equity method investees classified as cash inflows from investing activities, and (3) Contributions from legacy non-controlling interests - R D , and to deduct (1) Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts and (2) Investments in equity method investees . This is intended to present an Adjusted Cash Flow measure that is representative of cash generated from the broader business strategy of acquiring royalty-generating assets that are available for reinvestment and for discretionary purposes. 
 
 73 

(in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flow data (GAAP basis) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,143,980 2,017,536 Investing activities (1,029,421) (1,870,280) Financing activities (944,856) 385,112 Net cash provided by operating activities (GAAP) 2,143,980 2,017,536 Adjustments: Proceeds from available for sale debt securities (1), (2) 542,044 62,500 Distributions from equity method investees (2) 523 Interest paid, net (2) 145,157 127,295 Development-stage funding payments - ongoing (3) 2,106 6,876 Development-stage funding payments - upfront and milestone (3) 175,000 193,208 Payments for operating and professional costs 222,969 184,511 Termination payments on derivative instruments 16,093 Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts (2) (441,963) (479,604) Adjusted Cash Receipts (non-GAAP) 2,789,293 2,128,938 Net cash provided by operating activities (GAAP) 2,143,980 2,017,536 Adjustments: Proceeds from available for sale debt securities (1), (2) 542,044 62,500 Distributions from equity method investees (2) 523 Interest paid, net (2) 145,157 127,295 Development-stage funding payments - ongoing (3) 2,106 6,876 Development-stage funding payments - upfront and milestone (3) 175,000 193,208 Termination payments on derivative instruments 16,093 Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts (2) (441,963) (479,604) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 2,566,324 1,944,427 Net cash provided by operating activities (GAAP) 2,143,980 2,017,536 Adjustments: Proceeds from available for sale debt securities (1), (2) 542,044 62,500 Distributions from equity method investees (2) 523 Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts (2) (441,963) (479,604) Investments in equity method investees (2), (4) (9,896) (34,855) Contributions from legacy non-controlling interests - R D (2) 1,059 7,339 Adjusted Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 2,235,224 1,573,439 
 (1) Receipts from the quarterly redemption of the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares in 2021 and 2022 and the accelerated redemption payments of all outstanding Series A and Series B Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022 are presented as Proceeds from available for sale debt securities on the statements of cash flows. 
 (2) The table below shows the line item for each adjustment and the direct location for such line item on the statements of cash flows. 
 Reconciling Adjustment Statements of Cash Flows Classification Proceeds from available for sale debt securities Investing activities Investments in equity method investees Investing activities Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts Financing activities Interest paid, net Operating activities Interest paid less Interest received 
 Contributions from legacy non-controlling interests - R D Financing activities Distributions from equity method investees Investing activities 
 74 

(3) Our lenders consider all payments made to support R D activities for development-stage product candidates similar to asset acquisitions as these funds are expected to generate operational returns in the future. All ongoing development-stage funding payments and upfront and milestone development-stage funding payments are reported as R D funding expense in net income and are added back in aggregate to Net cash provided by operating activities to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA. As a result, Adjusted EBITDA captures the full add-back for development-stage funding payments. 
 (4) We consider all payments to fund our operating joint ventures that are performing R D activities for development-stage product candidates similar to asset acquisitions as these funds are expected to generate operational returns in the future. As a result, amounts funded through capital calls by our equity method investees, the Avillion Entities, are deducted to arrive at Adjusted Cash Flow, but are not deducted in Adjusted EBITDA. 

Investments Overview 
 
 Ongoing investment in new royalties is fundamental to the long-term prospects of our business. New investments provide a source of growth for our royalty receipts, supplementing growth within our existing portfolio and offsetting declines for royalties on products that have lost market exclusivity. We evaluate an array of royalty acquisition opportunities on a continuous basis and expect to continue to make acquisitions in the ordinary course of our business. We have established a strong track record of identifying, evaluating and investing in royalties tied to leading products across therapeutic areas and treatment modalities. We invest in approved products and development-stage product candidates that have generated robust proof of concept data. We invest in these therapies through the purchase of royalties, milestones and related assets, by making hybrid investments and by acquiring businesses with significant existing royalty assets or the potential for the creation of such assets. 
 
 In 2022, we invested 2.5 billion to acquire royalties, milestones and related assets. While volatility exists in the total amount of our new acquisitions on a year-to-year basis due to the unpredictable timing of new investment opportunities, we have consistently deployed significant amounts of cash when measured over multi-year periods. Our approach is rooted in a highly disciplined evaluation process that is not dictated by a minimum annual investment threshold. 
 
 Included below are tables of investment activities over each of the last three years based on the type of investment at the acquisition date (in thousands). Announced transactions amounts reflect maximum transaction value for transactions entered into over each of the last three years. Capital deployed amounts reflect cash paid at the acquisition date and any subsequent associated contractual payments reflected in the period in which cash was paid. 
 Average 2022 2021 2020 Announced Transactions Upfront payments 2,132,667 2,022,000 2,307,000 2,069,000 Potential payments/milestones 840,833 1,442,500 705,000 375,000 Total announced transaction value 2,973,500 3,464,500 3,012,000 2,444,000 Capital Deployed Approved/marketed royalties 1,726,360 1,954,957 1,819,903 1,404,221 Development-stage royalties (1) 762,475 562,244 830,713 894,469 Total capital deployed 2,488,835 2,517,201 2,650,616 2,298,690 
 (1) Development-stage royalties include: direct R D funding arrangements and funding arrangements executed through our joint venture partnership with the Avillion Entities, investments in development-stage product candidates and investments in securities primarily made in connection with acquisitions of royalties on development-stage products from the seller. 
 
 Summary of Royalty Acquisition Activity 
 
 In January 2023, we acquired royalty interests in Spinraza and pelacarsen from Ionis for an upfront payment of 500 million and committed up to 625 million in additional payments contingent upon the achievement of certain pelacarsen milestones. Spinraza is approved for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy and pelacarsen is in Phase 3 development by Novartis for the treatment of cardiovascular disease. 
 
 In November 2022, we acquired a royalty interest in olpasiran from Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals for an upfront payment of 250 million and certain contingent clinical, regulatory, and sales-based milestones of up to 160 million. Olpasiran is currently in Phase 3 development for the treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and is licensed to Amgen. 
 
 75 

In October 2022, we entered into a R D funding agreement with Merck to co-fund the development of MK-8189, an investigational oral PDE10A inhibitor currently being evaluated in a Phase 2b study for the treatment of schizophrenia. We funded 50 million upon closing, and if Merck decides to proceed with Phase 3, we have the option to fund up to an additional 375 million. In exchange, we are eligible to receive milestone payments associated with certain regulatory approvals as well as royalties on annual worldwide sales of any approved product. 
 
 In July 2022, we acquired all of the equity interests in Theravance Respiratory Company, LLC from Theravance and Innoviva, Inc. which entitles us to the right to receive royalties on the annual worldwide sales of Trelegy for an upfront payment of 1.31 billion and up to 300 million in additional payments contingent upon the achievement of certain sales milestones. Additionally, we agreed to provide Theravance 25 million in upfront funding and a potential 15 million regulatory milestone payment to support the clinical development of ampreloxetine. 
 
 In June 2022, we acquired an ex-U.S. royalty interest in Gavreto from Blueprint Medicines for an upfront payment of 175 million and contingent sales-based milestones up to 165 million. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we impaired our financial royalty asset related to Gavreto and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 182.1 million. 
 
 In April 2022, we acquired common stock and a revenue participation right from ApiJect Holdings, Inc. for 50 million. 
 
 In January 2022, we acquired a royalty interest in aficamten, a development-stage product for oHCM, for an upfront payment of 50 million and two additional contingent 50 million payments which are triggered upon the initiation of potential pivotal clinical trials for oHCM and nonobstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, respectively. In February 2022, one of the 50 million contingent milestone payments was triggered following Cytokinetics announcement that it initiated the clinical trial for oHCM. Additionally, we entered into a funding agreement to provide Cytokinetics long-term capital of up to 300 million Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding to support further development of aficamten and potential commercialization of omecamtiv mecarbil, both development-stage products. The Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding is available in five tranches, including an initial tranche of 50 million that was funded upon closing. In June 2022, we amended the funding agreement to increase the required draw amount and further amended the funding agreement in December 2022 to extend the draw periods and increase the repayments terms of the second and third tranche. 
 
 In November 2021, we acquired incremental royalty interests in BCX9930 and Orladeyo (berotralstat) from BioCryst for an upfront cash payment of 150 million. Additionally, we paid 50 million to purchase 3,846 thousand shares of BioCryst common stock, which was calculated based on the volume-weighted average price of BioCryst common stock over a period preceding the closing of the transaction. 
 
 In June 2021, we announced a long-term strategic funding partnership with MorphoSys to support its acquisition of Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Constellation ), which closed on July 15, 2021. We agreed to provide up to 2.025 billion of funding to MorphoSys, comprised of an upfront payment of 1.425 billion, additional milestone payments of up to 150 million, up to 350 million of capital Development Funding Bonds in exchange for royalties and fixed payments on the Development Funding Bonds, once drawn. In connection with the closing of its acquisition of Constellation, we purchased 1,337,552 ordinary shares of MorphoSys for 100 million at a price of 63.35 per ordinary share, based on the average trading price of the ordinary shares over a period preceding the closing of the acquisition. In September 2022, we funded 300 million under the Development Funding Bonds. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized impairment charges of 433.7 million related to otilimab and gantenerumab, two of the development stage products that we acquired royalties on from MorphoSys. 
 
 In April 2021, we acquired a royalty interest in Oxlumo from Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for an upfront cash payment of 180 million and up to 60 million in contingent sales-based milestone payments. Oxlumo, which has been approved by the FDA and EMA for the treatment of primary hyperoxaluria type 1, is marketed by Alnylam. 
 
 In March 2021, we acquired a royalty interest in the cabozantinib products Cabometyx and Cometriq from GSK for an upfront payment of 342 million and up to 50 million in additional payments contingent on the achievement of regulatory approvals of cabozantinib for prostate cancer and lung cancer in the United States and Europe. 
 76 

In January 2021, we acquired a royalty interest in seltorexant from Minerva Neurosciences, Inc. for an upfront payment of 60 million and up to 95 million in additional milestone payments, contingent on the achievement of certain clinical, regulatory and commercialization milestones. Seltorexant is currently in Phase 3 development for the treatment of major depressive disorder with insomnia symptoms by Johnson Johnson. 
 
 Additionally, in April 2021, we entered into an agreement with MSCI to develop thematic life sciences indexes. In return, we will receive a portion of MSCI s revenues from those indexes. The financial impact associated with this transaction was not material in 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations. For 2022 and 2021, we generated 2.1 billion and 2.0 billion, respectively, in Net cash provided by operating activities . We believe that our existing capital resources, cash provided by operating activities and access to our undrawn Revolving Credit Facility (defined below) will continue to allow us to meet our operating and working capital requirements, to fund planned strategic acquisitions and R D funding arrangements, and to meet our debt service obligations for the foreseeable future. We have historically operated at a low level of fixed operating costs. Our primary cash operating expenses, other than R D funding commitments, include interest expense, our Operating and Personnel Payments, and legal and professional fees. 
 
 We have access to substantial sources of funds in the capital markets and we may, from time to time, seek additional capital through a combination of additional debt or equity financings. In July 2021, we issued 1.3 billion of senior unsecured notes. Additionally, we have a Revolving Credit Facility which provides for borrowing capacity of up to 1.5 billion that remains undrawn and available to us as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the par value of our total outstanding borrowings was 7.3 billion. A summary of our borrowing activities, balances and compliance with certain debt covenants under various financing arrangements is included in Note 11 Borrowings within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have historically funded our acquisition program through free cash flow, equity contributions and debt. Our low operating costs coupled with a lack of capital expenditures and low taxes have contributed to our strong financial profile, resulting in high operating leverage and high conversion of our Adjusted Cash Receipts to Adjusted Cash Flow. We expect to continue funding our current and planned operating costs (excluding acquisitions) principally through our cash flow from operations and our acquisition program through cash flow and issuances of equity and debt. In the past, we have supplemented our available cash and cash equivalents on hand with attractive debt capital to fund certain strategic acquisitions. 
 
 Our ability to satisfy our working capital needs, debt service and other obligations, and to comply with the financial covenants under our financing agreements depends on our future operating performance and cash flow, which are in turn subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table and analysis of cash flow changes presents a summary of our cash flow activity for 2022 compared to 2021 (in thousands). For a discussion of cash flow activities for 2021 compared to 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,143,980 2,017,536 126,444 Investing activities (1,029,421) (1,870,280) 840,859 Financing activities (944,856) 385,112 (1,329,968) 
 
 77 

Analysis of Cash Flow Changes 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities increased by 126.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by an increase in cash collections from financial royalty assets of 191.4 million. The increase in royalty receipts was partially offset by lower cash collections from intangible assets of 78.2 million, as our royalty receipts on Januvia, Janumet and other DPP-IVs substantially ended in the second quarter of 2022, and higher interest paid of 39.7 million, primarily due to the interest payments made on the 2021 Notes commencing in 2022. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities decreased by 840.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by a 449.9 million decrease in cash used for acquisitions of financial royalty assets and the 479.5 million receipt of accelerated redemption payments for all outstanding Series A and Series B Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. The lower use of cash was further driven by a 156.2 million increase in the overall net cash provided by marketable securities and higher proceeds from equity securities in 2022. The lower use of cash was partially offset by the funding of 300 million under the Development Funding Bonds with MorphoSys in 2022. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities in 2022 was 944.9 million compared to cash provided by financing activities of 385.1 million in 2021, driven by 1.3 billion in net proceeds received from the 2021 Notes issuance in July 2021. 
 
 Sources of Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled 1.7 billion and 24.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled 1.5 billion and 581.9 million, respectively. We intend to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash and cash equivalents, sales of marketable securities, future cash flows from operations or the issuance of additional debt. Our ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the sales of the underlying pharmaceutical products in which we hold royalties, deterioration in our key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. Currently, we believe that we have sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support our growth objectives. 
 
 78 

Borrowings 
 
 Our borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Date of Issuance Maturity As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Senior Unsecured Notes: 1,000,000, 0.75 (issued at 99.322 of par) 9/2020 9/2023 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000, 1.20 (issued at 98.875 of par) 9/2020 9/2025 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000, 1.75 (issued at 98.284 of par) 9/2020 9/2027 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000, 2.20 (issued at 97.760 of par) 9/2020 9/2030 1,000,000 1,000,000 600,000, 2.15 (issued at 98.263 of par) 7/2021 9/2031 600,000 600,000 1,000,000, 3.30 (issued at 95.556 of par) 9/2020 9/2040 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000, 3.55 (issued at 95.306 of par) 9/2020 9/2050 1,000,000 1,000,000 700,000, 3.35 (issued at 97.565 of par) 7/2021 9/2051 700,000 700,000 Total senior unsecured debt 7,300,000 7,300,000 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (183,678) (203,930) Total long-term debt, including current portion 7,116,322 7,096,070 Less: Current portion of long-term debt (997,512) Total long-term debt 6,118,810 7,096,070 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On July 26, 2021, we issued the 2021 Notes with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.80 and requiring annual interest payments of approximately 36.4 million, paid semi-annually. On September 2, 2020, we issued 6.0 billion of senior unsecured notes (the 2020 Notes with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.13 and requiring annual interest payments of approximately 127.5 million, paid semi-annually. We used the net proceeds from the 2020 Notes offering, together with available cash on hand, to repay in full the outstanding principal amounts of term loans under our prior senior secured credit facilities. We refer to the 2020 Notes and 2021 Notes, collectively, as the Notes. Indentures governing the Notes contain certain covenants with which we were in compliance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On September 15, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit agreement, which was further amended on October 31, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement amended and restated the prior credit agreement that our subsidiary, RP Holdings, as borrower, entered into on September 18, 2020, which provided for a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with borrowing capacity of up to 1.5 billion for general corporate purposes. The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date of October 31, 2027. The Credit Agreement contains certain customary covenants, which we were in compliance with as of December 31, 2022. The Revolving Credit Facility remains undrawn and available to us as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Uses of Capital 
 
 Acquisitions of Royalties 
 
 We acquire product royalties in ways that can be tailored to the needs of our partners through a variety of structures: 
 
 Third-party Royalties Existing royalties on approved or late-stage development therapies with high commercial potential. A royalty is the contractual right to a percentage of top-line sales from a licensee s use of a product, technology or intellectual property. The majority of our current portfolio consists of third-party royalties. 
 
 Synthetic Royalties Newly-created royalties on approved or late-stage development therapies with strong proof of concept and high commercial potential. A synthetic royalty is the contractual right to a percentage of top-line sales by the developer or marketer of a therapy in exchange for funding. A synthetic royalty may also include contingent milestone payments. We also fund ongoing R D for biopharmaceutical companies in exchange for future royalties and milestones if the product or indication we are funding is approved. 
 
 79 

Launch and Development Capital Tailored supplemental funding solutions, generally included as a component within a transaction, increasing the scale of our capital. Launch and development capital is generally provided in exchange for a long-term stream of fixed payments with a predetermined schedule around the launch of a drug. Launch and development capital may also include a direct investment in the public equity of a company. 
 
 M A Related We acquire royalties in connection with M A transactions, often from the buyers of biopharmaceutical companies when they dispose of the non-strategic assets of the target company following the closing of the acquisition. We also seek to partner with companies to acquire other biopharmaceutical companies that own significant royalties. We may also seek to acquire biopharmaceutical companies that have significant royalties or where we can create royalties in subsequent transactions. 
 
 Additionally, we may identify additional opportunities, platforms or technologies that leverage our capabilities such as our strategic alliance with MSCI to develop thematic life sciences indexes. 
 
 Distributions to Shareholders 
 
 We paid dividends to holders of our Class A ordinary shares of 333.3 million and 285.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We do not have a legal obligation to pay a quarterly dividend or dividends at any specified rate or at all. 
 
 Other Funding Arrangements 
 
 In January 2022, we entered into a long-term funding agreement with Cytokinetics to provide up to 300 million of capital Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding available in five tranches to support Cytokinetics for further development of aficamten and potential commercialization of omecamtiv mecarbil. We funded the initial tranche of 50 million of the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding upon closing. During 2022, we amended the funding agreement to increase the required draw amount, extend the draw period and modify the return for the second and third tranches. Cytokinetics is required to draw 50 million if a certain contingency is met and has the option to draw the remaining 200 million upon the occurrence of certain regulatory and clinical development milestones. As of December 31, 2022, we expect 125 million of the optional 200 million to remain available under the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding due to the likelihood that certain regulatory milestones will not be met by March 31, 2023. 
 
 We may have other funding arrangements where we are contractually obligated to fund R D activities performed by our development partners. We also have funding arrangements related to our equity method investments in the Avillion Entities. As our committed capital requirements are based on phases of development, the completion of which is highly uncertain, only the capital required to fund the current stage of development under such funding arrangements is considered committed capital, which approximates 43.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We also have certain milestone payments that are contingent on the successful achievement of certain development, regulatory approval or commercial milestones. These contingent milestone payments are not considered contractual obligations. In 2022, we made a 50 million milestone payment to Cytokinetics which was triggered following Cytokinetics announcement that it initiated the first pivotal clinical trial in oHCM. In 2021 , we made a 100 million payment to Biohaven related to a development milestone that was achieved upon the start of the oral zavegepant Phase 3 program. 
 
 80 

Debt Service 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the future principal and interest payments under our Notes over the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Year Principal Payments Interest Payments 2023 1,000,000 163,850 2024 156,350 2025 1,000,000 156,350 2026 144,350 2027 1,000,000 144,350 Thereafter 4,300,000 1,925,900 Total (1) 7,300,000 2,691,150 
 (1) Excludes unamortized debt discount and issuance costs of 183.7 million as of December 31, 2022, which are amortized through interest expense over the remaining life of the underlying debt obligations. 
 
 Operating and Personnel Payments 
 
 Under the Management Agreement, we pay quarterly Operating and Personnel Payments equal to 6.5 of the cash receipts from royalty investments for such quarter and 0.25 of our security investments under GAAP as of the end of each quarter. Because the Operating and Personnel Payments are determined based on cash receipts, the amounts are variable. The expenses incurred in respect of Operating and Personnel Payments are expected to comprise the most significant component of G A expenses on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 Our obligations under the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by RP Holdings, a non-wholly owned subsidiary (the Guarantor Subsidiary ). Our remaining subsidiaries (the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries do not guarantee the Notes. Under the terms of the indenture governing the Notes, Royalty Pharma plc and the Guarantor Subsidiary each fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guarantee the payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Notes. As of December 31, 2022, the par value and carrying value of the total outstanding and guaranteed Notes was 7.3 billion and 7.1 billion, respectively. 
 
 The following financial information presents summarized combined balance sheet information as of December 31, 2022, and summarized combined statement of operations information for 2022 for Royalty Pharma plc and RP Holdings. All intercompany balances and transactions between Royalty Pharma plc and RP Holdings are eliminated in the presentation of the combined financial statements. RP Holdings most significant asset is its investment in operating subsidiaries, which has been eliminated in the table below to exclude investments in Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. Our operating subsidiaries hold the majority of our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and financial royalty assets. As a result, our ability to make required payments on the Notes depends on the performance of our operating subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to us. There are no material restrictions on distributions from the operating subsidiaries. Amounts presented below do not represent our total consolidated amounts as of December 31, 2022 or for the year ended 2022 (in thousands): 
 
 Summarized Combined Balance Sheet As of December 31, 2022 Current assets 92,805 Current interest receivable on intercompany notes due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 14,744 Current intercompany notes receivable due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 269,617 Non-current assets 4,033 Non-current intercompany notes receivable due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 1,986,906 Current liabilities 1,053,942 Current interest payable on intercompany notes due to Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 14,744 Current intercompany notes payable due to Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 269,617 Non-current liabilities 6,118,022 Non-current intercompany notes payable due to Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 1,655,842 
 
 81 

Summarized Combined Statement of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Interest income on intercompany notes receivable from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 65,738 Other income 1,492 Operating expenses 208,459 Interest expense on intercompany notes payable with Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 50,781 Net loss 192,010 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. Certain of these policies are considered critical as they have the most significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates that are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of income and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 
 Our most critical accounting policies relate to our financial royalty assets and the full descriptions can be found in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements. Similarly, the most significant judgments and estimates applied by management are associated with the measurement of our financial royalty assets at amortized cost using the prospective effective interest method. The application of the prospective approach to calculate interest income from our financial royalty assets requires management s judgment in forecasting the expected future cash flows of the underlying royalties. These estimates and judgments arise because of the inherent uncertainty in predicting future events. 
 
 We evaluate financial royalty assets for impairment on an individual basis by comparing the effective interest rate at each reporting date to that of the prior period. If the effective interest rate for the current period is lower than the prior period, and if the gross cash flows have declined (expected and collected), management records a provision for the change in expected cash flows. The provision is measured as the difference between the financial royalty asset s amortized cost basis and the net present value of the expected future cash flows, calculated based on the prior period s effective interest rate. The amount recognized as provision expense increases the financial royalty asset s cumulative allowance, which reduces the net carrying value of the financial royalty asset. 
 
 Factors Impacting Expected Future Cash Flows 
 
 The amounts and timing of forecasted expected future cash flows are largely influenced by sell-side equity research analyst coverage, commercial performance of the product and the royalty duration. 
 
 Analyst coverage . Forecasts of expected future cash flows are developed from sales projections of the underlying biopharmaceutical products as published in sell-side equity research analyst reports. In projecting future cash flows, our policy is to rely on sell-side research analysts consensus sales forecasts to derive annual sales projections for each financial royalty asset over the periods for which we are entitled to royalties or milestones. These forecasts are based on market research that analyzes factors such as growth in global economies, industry trends and product life cycles. For the majority of the portfolio of financial royalty assets, management utilizes statistical curves to project future sales for a portion of the royalty duration when sell-side equity research coverage ends or when estimates are not available for the duration of the royalty. The statistical curves are modelled from a combination of historical trends and available sell-side equity research analyst consensus sales estimates. In limited cases when the statistical curve is not used, management may develop and apply growth rate estimates from existing sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts to project future sales for products. Based on the level of detail in sell-side equity research analyst models, management can also be required to apply assumptions to the sales forecasts to estimate the quarterly and geographical allocation from annual sales projections and, for franchised products, to estimate the product mix and pricing mix, or to exclude from projections sales forecasts for unapproved products or indications. Our contractual royalty terms, rates, and any milestones are then applied to the adjusted sales projections to calculate the expected royalty or milestone payments over the term of the financial royalty asset s life, forming the basis for our forecast of expected future cash flows used to calculate and measure interest income. 
 82 

Commercial performance . The approval of a product for use in new indications can extend the date through which we are entitled to royalties or milestones on that product. For certain financial royalty assets, such as the cystic fibrosis franchise, we are entitled to royalties on approved combination products and may be entitled to royalties on future combination products, which, once approved, create new cash flow streams which were not initially contemplated and for which sales were previously not reflected in expected future cash flows. We generally do not recognize income from, or forecast sales for, unapproved products or indications. If a product is removed from all or a portion of a market, subsequent sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts will reflect the expected drop in sales. Both the new cash flow streams and the cessation of cash flow streams related to a product s performance in the market over the royalty term can materially affect our forecast of expected future cash flows. 
 
 Royalty duration. The duration of a royalty can be based on a variety of factors, such as regulatory and marketing approval dates, patent expiration dates, the number of years from first commercial sale, the first date of manufacture of the patent-protected product, the entry of generics or a contractual date arising from litigation, which are all impacted by the point in time in the product s life cycle at which we acquire the royalty. Royalty duration varies by geography as the United States, European Union and other jurisdictions may be subject to different country-specific patent protection terms or exclusivity based on contractual terms. Products may be covered by a number of patents and, for products whose royalty term is linked to the existence of valid patents, management is required to make judgments about the patent providing the strongest patent protection to align the period over which management forecasts expected future cash flows to the royalty term. It is common for the latest expiring patent in effect at the date we acquire a financial royalty asset to be extended, adjusted or replaced with newer dated patents subsequent to our acquisition of a royalty due to new information, resulting in changes to the royalty duration in later periods. Patents may expire earlier than expected at the time of the acquisition due to the loss of patent protection, loss of data exclusivity on intellectual property, contractual licensing terms limiting royalty payments based on time from product launch, due to recent legal developments or litigation. Macroeconomic factors, such as changes in economies or the competitive landscape, including the unexpected loss of exclusivity to the products underlying our portfolio of royalties, changes in government legislation, product life cycles, industry consolidations and other changes beyond our control could result in a positive or negative impact on our forecast of expected future cash flows. 
 
 Significant Assumptions Applied in Developing Forecasted Expected Future Cash Flows 
 
 As part of the preparation of the forecasted expected future cash flows, which relies on the sources and variables discussed above, management is required to make assumptions around the following forecast inputs: (1) estimates of the duration of the royalty, which includes consideration of the strength of patent protection and anticipated entry of generics, (2) product growth rates and sales trends in outer years, generally projected through statistical curves, (3) the product and pricing mix for franchised products, and (4) the geographical allocation of annual sales data from sell-side equity research analysts models. The most significant assumptions used in forecasting the expected future cash flows for our royalties and requiring management s judgement include (1) estimates of the duration of the royalty and (2) sales trends and product growth rates in outer years of the royalty term, which are primarily derived from statistical models. 
 
 The royalty duration is important for purposes of accurately measuring interest income over the life of a financial royalty asset. In making assumptions around the royalty duration for terms that are not contractually fixed, management considers the strength of existing patent protection, timing for expected entry of generics, geographical exclusivity periods and potential patent term extensions tied to the underlying product. It is common for royalty durations to expire earlier or later than anticipated due to unforeseen developments over time, including with respect to the granting of patents and patent term extensions, the invalidation of patents, litigation between the party controlling the patents and third party challengers of the patents, the ability of third parties to design around or circumvent valid patents, the granting of regulatory exclusivity periods or extensions, timing for the arrival of generic or biosimilar competitor products, changes to legal or regulatory regimes affecting intellectual property rights or the regulation of pharmaceutical products, product life cycles, and industry consolidations. 
 
 When royalty-bearing pharmaceutical products have limited or no coverage by sell-side equity research analysts, or where sell-side equity research analyst estimates are not available for the full term of our royalty, particularly for the later years in a product s life, we generally incorporate a statistical curve developed using historical sales data and available consensus sales projections to forecast product sales over the remaining life of the product. 
 
 83 

Even though we believe interest income from financial royalty assets and the associated non-cash provision for changes in future cash flows are not indicative of our near-term financial performance and should not be used as a source for predicting future income or growth trends, changes in the aforementioned assumptions could result in a material impact to our financial statements. A shortened royalty term can result in a reduction in interest income, significant reductions in total royalty payments over time compared to expectations or a permanent impairment. If the effective interest rate is lower for the current period than the prior period, and if the gross cash flows have declined (expected and collected) this would result in the immediate recognition of non-cash provision expense even though the applicable cash inflows will not be realized for many years into the future. Small declines in sell-side equity research analysts consensus sales forecasts over a long time horizon can result in an immediate non-cash income statement expense recognition, even though the applicable cash inflows will not be realized for many years into the future. 
 
 Below is a summary of the sensitivity of our current year results in relation to the royalty duration for our top three financial royalty assets based on net carrying value as of December 31, 2022. Because these are long-dated financial royalty assets, we have assumed a change of two years in the estimated duration to sensitize the financial statement impact. The effect of a change in estimated duration is the factor that would have the most significant impact on our consolidated statement of operations . There have not been any significant changes to the estimated duration of expected future cash flows for our top three financial royalty assets during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 If the duration of these financial royalty assets were extended two years by assuming the statistically projected growth trends continue and all other royalty terms and assumptions remain unchanged, any impact to interest income would be recognized prospectively over the remaining expected life of the financial asset. Therefore, the impact to interest income is not disclosed below. However, an extended duration for a financial royalty asset could result in the reduction of any existing cumulative allowance for changes in expected future cash flows, which would be recognized in the current period as provision income and is reflected in the table below for these top three financial royalty assets. If the duration for these financial royalty assets were reduced by two years by eliminating the corresponding forecasted expected future cash flows in that two year period while keeping all other royalty terms and assumptions unchanged, we would recognize immediate incremental provision expense in the current period as a result of applying the prospective method of the effective interest rate methodology. The extension and reduction in royalty terms are modelled in isolation for purposes of the sensitivity disclosures below and does not include any consideration of the related allowance for current expected credit losses. The measurement of interest income from our financial royalty assets is recalculated each reporting period, which requires updates to various inputs and assumptions, including estimated royalty duration. Therefore, any actual impact to recognition of provision income or expense would be different than the sensitivity disclosure below. The impact of these sensitivity assumptions is summarized as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Estimated Royalty Duration (1) 
 Change in Duration Assumption Applied Provision Income for Changes in Expected Cash Flows Change in Duration Assumption Applied Provision Expense for Changes in Expected Cash Flows Cystic fibrosis franchise 2037 (2) 
 + 2 years (10,908) - 2 years 
 276,338 Tysabri (3) 
 + 2 years (77,443) - 2 years 
 119,168 Trelegy 2029-2030 + 2 years (24,126) - 2 years 
 249,612 
 (1) Durations shown represent our estimates as of the current reporting date of when a royalty will substantially end, which may depend on clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, contractual terms, commercial developments, estimates of patent expiration dates (which may include estimated patent term extensions) or other factors and may vary by geography. There can be no assurances that our royalties will expire when expected. 
 (2) Royalty is perpetual; year shown represents Trikafta expected patent expiration and potential sales decline based on timing of potential generic entry. 
 (3) RPIFT acquired a perpetual royalty on net sales of Tysabri. We have applied an end date of 2031 for purposes of accreting income over the royalty term, which is periodically reviewed. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on recently issued accounting standards. 
 
 84 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to certain risks which may affect our results of operations, cash flows and fair values of assets and liabilities, including volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because the nature of the marketable securities we hold. In order to manage our exposures, we follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, rate locks and forwards. We do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The counterparties to these contracts are all major financial institutions. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Our results of operations are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through transactional exposure resulting from movements in exchange rates between the time we recognize royalty income or royalty revenue and the time at which the transaction settles, or we receive the royalty payment. The current portion of Financial royalty assets accounts for the most common type of transactional exposure. Because we are entitled to royalties on worldwide sales for various products, there is an underlying exposure to foreign currency as the marketer converts payment amounts from local currencies to U.S. dollars using a quarterly average exchange rate. Therefore, cash received may differ from the estimated receivable based on fluctuations in currency. In addition, certain products pay royalties in currencies other than U.S. dollars, which also creates foreign currency risk primarily with respect to the Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Swiss franc and Japanese yen, as our functional and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. To manage foreign currency exchange risk, we may periodically utilize non-deliverable forward exchange or other hedging contracts. We do not currently have any foreign exchange contracts in place. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to interest rate fluctuation exposure through our investments in money market accounts and marketable securities, the majority of which bear a variable interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, we held cash and cash equivalents of 1.7 billion, of which 1.7 billion was cash and 5.1 million was invested in interest-bearing money market funds. We also held 24.4 million in marketable securities at December 31, 2022, which were invested in certificates of deposit and government securities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1.5 billion, of which 887.8 million was cash, 598.3 million was invested in interest-bearing money market funds and 55.0 million was invested in commercial paper and certificates of deposit. We also held 581.9 million in marketable securities which were invested in commercial paper and certificates of deposit. 
 
 The objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of capital and fulfillment of liquidity needs. In order to maximize income without assuming significant market risk, we maintain our excess cash and cash equivalents in money market funds and marketable securities, largely composed of investment grade, short to intermediate term fixed income and debt securities. Because of the short term maturities of our cash equivalents and the short term nature of our marketable securities, we do not believe that a decrease in interest rates would have any material negative impact on the fair value of our cash equivalents or marketable securities. 
 
 Our debt portfolio is managed on a consolidated basis and management makes financing decisions to achieve the lowest cost of debt capital and to maximize portfolio objectives. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our outstanding debt has fixed interest rates. We have a 1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility with a variable interest rate that remained undrawn as of December 31, 2022. We are subject to interest rate fluctuation exposure related to the Revolving Credit Facility, if drawn. 
 
 We may manage our exposure to interest rate volatility on future debt issuances by entering into treasury rate lock contracts to lock in the rate on the interest payments related to anticipated debt issuances. In June 2021, we executed treasury rate lock contracts with notional amounts totaling 600.0 million to fix the interest rate on a portion of the principal related to our 2021 Notes issued in July 2021. The treasury lock contracts were terminated in July 2021. 
 
 85 

Credit and Counterparty Risk 
 
 We are exposed to credit risk related to the counterparties with which we do business. We are subject to credit risk from our royalty assets, our receivables and our financial instruments, primarily derivative and available for sale debt securities. The majority of our royalty assets and receivables arise from contractual royalty agreements that pay royalties on the sales of underlying pharmaceutical products in the United States, Europe and the rest of the world, with concentrations of credit risk limited due to the broad range of marketers responsible for paying royalties to us and the variety of geographies from which our royalties on product sales are derived. The products in which we hold royalties are marketed by leading biopharmaceutical industry participants, including, among others, AbbVie, Amgen, Bristol Myers Squibb, Gilead, Johnson Johnson, Lilly, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, Biogen, Roche/Genentech and Vertex. For 2022 and 2021, Vertex, as the marketer and payor of our royalties on the cystic fibrosis franchise, accounted for 31 and 32 of our current portion of Financial royalty assets, net, respectively, representing the largest individual marketer and payor of our royalties. Refer to Understanding Our Results of Operations within this MD A for a discussion of the royalty payors accounting for 10 or more of our total income and other revenues for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We monitor the financial performance and creditworthiness of the counterparties to our royalty agreements, derivative financial instruments, and available for sale debt securities so that we can properly assess and respond to changes in their credit profile. To date, we have not experienced any significant losses with respect to the collection of income or revenue on our royalty assets or available for sale debt securities or on the settlement of our derivative financial instruments. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt, or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative financial instruments due to financial difficulties, we may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative financial instruments in a bankruptcy or other reorganization proceeding. 
 
 86 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 88 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 91 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 92 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 96 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 97 

87 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Royalty Pharma plc 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Royalty Pharma plc (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

88 

Valuation of Financial Royalty Assets and related Interest Income Description of the Matter As disclosed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total financial royalty assets, net, were carried at 14,184,425 thousand as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized income from financial royalty assets of 2,125,096 thousand. As explained in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s financial royalty assets are measured at amortized cost using the prospective effective interest rate method. 
 Auditing the valuation of the financial royalty assets and related interest income involved complex auditor judgment, because the assumptions used by management to forecast the expected cash flows from the underlying royalties are forward-looking and are therefore affected by future economic and market conditions, such as the impact of the entry of competing or generic products to the market, among other uncertainties. The key assumptions used in the valuation of the financial royalty assets and related interest income are product growth rates applied to forecasted sales in the later years in the royalty life and the royalty duration. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to the valuation of financial royalty assets and related interest income. This included testing controls over management s review of the significant assumptions and other inputs used in estimating the royalty duration and product growth rates. 
 
 To test the valuation of the financial royalty assets and related interest income, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology and completeness and accuracy of the data used to develop the key assumptions identified above. For example, with the support of statistical modelling specialists, we evaluated management s statistical methodology for sales growth forecasts and performed sensitivity analysis over the resulting forecasted product sales. We also tested the inputs to the model, principally comprising historic product sales and third-party analyst estimates of nearer-term sales amounts, by comparing to analyst reports or published sales information. For royalty duration, among other procedures, we compared management s assessment of the likely date of expiry of the Company s cash flows against original purchase agreements, as well as independently assessing the royalty duration against available published information sources, such as those from regulatory bodies, counterparties, and product marketers. 
 We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates by comparing expected cash flows to actual cash receipts. We also evaluated the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

February 15, 2023 

89 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Royalty Pharma plc 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Royalty Pharma plc s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Royalty Pharma plc (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 15, 2023 
 90 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Financial royalty assets Accrued royalty receivable Available for sale debt securities Other royalty income receivable Other current assets Total current assets Financial royalty assets, net Intangible royalty assets, net Equity securities Available for sale debt securities Equity method investments Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities Distributions payable to legacy non-controlling interests Accounts payable and accrued expenses Interest payable Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Class A ordinary shares, par value; and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value; and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class R redeemable shares, par value; and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Deferred shares, par value, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Non-controlling interests Accumulated other comprehensive income Treasury interests ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
 91 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Income and other revenues Income from financial royalty assets Revenue from intangible royalty assets Other royalty income Total income and other revenues Operating expenses Provision for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets Research and development funding expense Amortization of intangible assets General and administrative expenses Financial royalty asset impairment Total operating expenses, net Operating income Other expense/(income) Equity in losses/(earnings) of equity method investees ) Interest expense (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments ) Losses/(gains) on equity securities ) Losses/(gains) on available for sale debt securities ) ) Interest income ) ) ) Other non-operating expense, net Total other expenses/(income), net ) Consolidated net income before tax Income tax expense Consolidated net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Royalty Pharma plc Earnings per Class A ordinary share (1): Basic Diluted Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding (1): Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated net income Changes in other comprehensive income/(loss): Reclassification of loss on interest rate swaps Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Royalty Pharma plc 
 
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
 93 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 In thousands, except for share amounts 
 
 Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Class R Redeemable Shares Deferred Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Unitholders / Shareholders Contributions Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Non-Controlling Interests Treasury Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Contributions Transfer of interests ) Cumulative adjustment for adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Distributions ) ) ) Initial share issuance upon registration of Royalty Pharma plc Net income prior to IPO Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Continuing Investors Partnerships Effect of exchange by Continuing Investors of Class B ordinary shares for Class A ordinary shares and reallocation of historical equity ) ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of Class A ordinary shares sold in IPO, net of offering costs Share-based compensation and related issuances of Class A ordinary shares Other exchanges ) ) ) Dividends per Class A ordinary share) 
 ) ) Net income subsequent to IPO Other comprehensive income/(loss): Reclassification of loss on interest rate swaps Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
 94 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 In thousands, except for share amounts 
 
 Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Class R Redeemable Shares Deferred Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Non-Controlling Interests Treasury Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Contributions Distributions ) ) Dividends per Class A ordinary share) 
 ) ) Other exchanges ) ) ) Share-based compensation and related issuances of Class A ordinary shares Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss): Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Contributions Distributions ) ) Dividends per class A ordinary share) 
 ) ) Other exchanges ) ) ) Share-based compensation and related issuances of Class A ordinary shares Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss): Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
 95 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Cash collections from financial royalty assets Cash collections from intangible royalty assets Other royalty cash collections Distributions from equity method investees Interest received Derivative collateral received Derivative collateral posted ) Termination payments on derivative instruments ) ) Development-stage funding payments - ongoing ) ) ) Development-stage funding payments - upfront and milestone ) ) ) Payments for operating and professional costs ) ) ) Interest paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Distributions from equity method investees Investments in equity method investees ) ) ) Purchases of equity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from equity securities Purchases of available for sale debt securities ) ) Proceeds from available for sale debt securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Acquisitions of financial royalty assets ) ) ) Acquisitions of other financial assets ) Milestone payments ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Distributions to shareholders/unitholders ) Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - royalty receipts ) ) ) Distributions to legacy non-controlling interests - other ) ) ) Distributions to continuing non-controlling interests ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Contributions from legacy non-controlling interests - R D Contributions from non-controlling interests - other Scheduled repayments of long-term debt ) Repayments of long-term debt ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of discount Debt issuance costs and other ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon IPO, net of offering costs Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 of the aggregate limited partnership in the Legacy Investors Partnerships exchanged their limited partnership interests in the Legacy Investors Partnerships for limited partnership interests in the Continuing Investors Partnerships. The Exchange Offer together with (i) the concurrent incurrence of indebtedness under senior credit facilities and (ii) the issuance of additional interests in Continuing Investors Partnerships to satisfy performance payments payable in respect of assets acquired prior to the date of the IPO are referred to as the Exchange Offer Transactions. 
 
 As a result of the Exchange Offer Transactions, we own indirectly an economic interest in Old RPI through our subsidiary RPI 2019 Intermediate Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPI Intermediate FT ). We are entitled to of the economics of Old RPI s wholly-owned subsidiar y RPI Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPIFT , and, an Irish private limited company, and of Royalty Pharma Collection Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPCT ). The remaining of RPCT is owned by the Legacy Investors Partnerships and Royalty Pharma Select Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory trust RPSFT ), which is wholly owned by Royalty Pharma Select, an Irish unit trust. 
 
 From the date of the Exchange Offer until the expiration of the Legacy Investors Partnerships investment period on June 30, 2020 (the Legacy Date ), the Legacy Investors Partnerships could participate proportionately in any investment made by Old RPI. Following the Legacy Date, Old RPI ceased making new investments and each of Old RPI and the Legacy Investors Partnerships became legacy entities. Since the Legacy Date, we have made and plan to make new investments through our subsidiaries. 
 
 97 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion and billion, respectively, the proceeds of which were used to repay the billion outstanding debt of RPIFT and, in the case of RPI Intermediate FT, were also available to be used to fund investments. As part of the senior credit facilities, RPI Intermediate FT repaid billion, its pro rata portion of RPIFT s outstanding debt and accrued interest. RPIFT also terminated all outstanding interest rate swaps in connection with the debt refinancing. 
 
 IPO 
 
 On June 18, 2020, we completed our IPO on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol RPRX , in which we issued thousand Class A ordinary shares at a price to the public of per Class A ordinary share, of which thousand Class A ordinary shares and thousand Class A ordinary shares were offered by the Company and selling shareholders, respectively. We used the net proceeds from the IPO to acquire of RP Holdings Class A Interests. 
 
 Upon consummation of the IPO, certain of the Continuing Investors agreed to exchange, according to the Exchange Offer Transactions, interests in the Continuing Investors Partnerships represented by their ownership of thousand RP Holdings Class B Interests into an aggregate of thousand Class A ordinary shares of Royalty Pharma plc. Upon completion of the exchange, Royalty Pharma plc indirectly owned thousand RP Holdings Class B Interests. The remaining investors in the Continuing Investors Partnerships who did not elect to exchange into Class A ordinary shares held thousand newly issued Class B ordinary shares of Royalty Pharma plc. As a result, the Continuing Investors Partnerships held a number of our Class B ordinary shares equal to the number of RP Holdings Class B Interests indirectly held by them at such time which are exchangeable on a -for-one basis for Class A ordinary shares of Royalty Pharma plc. Refer to Note 12 Shareholders Equity for additional information. 

2. 

Basis of consolidation 
 
 economic interest in RPI ICAV, which previously was owned directly by Old RPI. 
 
 98 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

non-controlling interests: (1) the Legacy Investors Partnerships ownership of approximately in Old RPI and RPI ICAV and (2) a de minimis interest in RPCT held by RPSFT (together, the legacy non-controlling interests ). The legacy non-controlling interests are the only historical non-controlling interests existing prior to our IPO. Additionally, following the consummation of our IPO, we also report non-controlling interests related to (3) the Continuing Investors Partnerships ownership in RP Holdings through their ownership of RP Holdings Class B Interests and (4) RPI EPA Holdings, LP s EPA Holdings ownership of the RP Holdings Class C ordinary share (the RP Holdings Class C Special Interest ). The Continuing Investors Partnerships are referred to as the continuing non-controlling interests. Income will not be allocated to EPA Holdings until certain performance conditions are met. 

Reclassification 

Concentrations of credit risk 
 
 and of our current portion of financial royalty assets, respectively, and represented the largest individual marketer and payor of our royalties. 
 
 We monitor the financial performance and creditworthiness of the counterparties to our royalty agreements so that we can properly assess and respond to changes in their credit profile. To date, we have not experienced any significant losses with respect to the collection of income or revenue on our royalty assets. 
 
 Segment information 
 
 single reportable segment, which is primarily focused on acquiring biopharmaceutical royalties . 
 
 Royalty assets 

99 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial royalty assets, net 

100 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

101 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Allowance for current expected credit losses 

102 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial instruments and Fair value measurements 

Cash and cash equivalents and Marketable securities 

103 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Derivatives 

Investment in non-consolidated affiliates 

Research and development funding expense 

104 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Income taxes 
 
 105 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-for-one basis. Potentially dilutive securities also include Class B ordinary shares contingently issuable to EPA Holdings related to Equity Performance Awards and unvested RSUs issued under our 2020 Independent Director Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 We include potentially dilutive shares in the denominator to compute diluted EPS if (i) the inclusion of the ordinary shares is dilutive for the respective reporting periods, and (ii) contingencies are satisfied as of the end of the reporting period for ordinary shares that are contingently issuable. We use the if-converted method to determine the potentially dilutive effect of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares, and the treasury stock method to determine the potentially dilutive effect of the unvested RSUs 
 
 There were no Class A ordinary shares or Class B ordinary shares outstanding prior to June 16, 2020; therefore, no earnings per share information have been presented for any period prior to that date. 

3. 
 
 million, which is comprised of tranches, including an initial tranche of million that was funded upon closing. Cytokinetics is required to draw million if a certain contingency is met and has the option to draw the remaining million upon the occurrence of certain regulatory and clinical development milestones Cytokinetics Funding Commitments ). Each tranche has an interest-free and payment-free period of calendar quarters, followed by calendar quarters of installment re-payments totaling times the amount drawn, except for the second and third tranches, which each total times the amount drawn. As of December 31, 2022, we expect million of the optional million to remain available under the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding due to the likelihood that certain regulatory milestones will not be met by March 31, 2023. 
 
 We elected the fair value option to account for the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding, recorded within Available for sale debt securities on the consolidated balance sheets, as it most accurately reflects the nature of the funding arrangement. The Cytokinetics Funding Commitments, which include options and forwards over the subsequent tranches, are recognized at fair value within Other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 on the consolidated balance sheets. The changes in the fair value of the funded Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding and the Cytokinetics Funding Commitments are recorded within Losses/(gains) on available for sale debt securities in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 106 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of capital (the Development Funding Bonds ), of which MorphoSys was required to draw a minimum of million. Our commitment to fund at least million of the Development Funding Bonds was recognized as the Development Funding Bond Forward as of December 31, 2021. In September 2022, we funded million of the Development Funding Bonds, which represents additional funding of million above the minimum funding commitment Additional Funding and the Development Funding Bond Forward was settled at the same time. We expect to receive a return of times the amount funded on the Development Funding Bonds payable on a quarterly basis over , with the first payment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we have no remaining funding commitment under the Development Funding Bonds. 
 
 We elected the fair value option to account for the funded amount of the Development Funding Bonds and the Development Funding Bond Forward as it most accurately reflects the nature of the instruments. The funded amount of the Development Funding Bonds and the Development Funding Bond Forward are recorded within Available for sale debt securities on the consolidated balance sheets. The changes in the fair values of the funded amount of the Development Funding Bonds and the Development Funding Bond Forward are recorded within Losses/(gains) on available for sale debt securities in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Biohaven Preferred Shares 
 
 Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares 
 
 On April 5, 2019, RPIFT purchased Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares from Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd Biohaven at a price of per preferred share, for a total of million. The approval of Nurtec ODT by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in February 2020 resulted in a payment due to us of times the original purchase price of the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares beginning in the first quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. In the first quarter of 2021, we began receiving payments of million from the quarterly redemption of the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares. 
 
 The Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares were classified as Available for sale debt securities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The unrealized changes in the fair value of the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares were recorded within Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million of unrealized gains were reclassified from other comprehensive income to Interest income on the consolidated statements of operations, respectively. 
 
 Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares 
 
 On August 7, 2020, we entered into the Series B Biohaven Preferred Share Purchase Agreement Series B Biohaven Preferred Share Agreement with Biohaven where we committed to acquire shares of Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares at a price of per preferred share (the Commercial Launch Preferred Equity ), for a total of million payable on a quarterly basis between the first quarter of 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2024. Our commitment to purchase the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares was recognized as the Series B Forwards. 
 
 We elected the fair value option to account for the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares and the Series B Forwards, which were recorded within Available for sale debt securities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. We believe the fair value option most accurately reflects the nature of these instruments. The changes in fair value of the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares and Series B Forwards were recorded within Losses/(gains) on available for sale debt securities in the consolidated statements of operations. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized gains of million, million and million, respectively, related to Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares within Losses/(gains) on available for sale debt securities in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 107 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

times the original purchase price. The Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares were redeemed at a price equal to times the original purchase price. As of December 31, 2022, we no longer hold any Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares or Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares. 
 
 ) Funding commitments (2) ) ) ) ) Total available for sale debt securities ) ) As of December 31, 2021 Debt securities (3) Forwards (4) Total available for sale debt securities 
 (1) The cost associated with the funded Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding reflects the fair value on the purchase date. The cost of the Development Funding Bonds represents the amounts funded. 
 (2) The cost associated with the Cytokinetics Funding Commitments represents the fair value on the purchase date. 
 (3) The cost for the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares represents amortized cost. The cost for the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares represents the 
 amounts paid to purchase the instruments. These instruments were fully redeemed during 2022. 
 (4) There are no costs associated with the forwards. 

4. 
 
 million, of which million was recorded within Other current assets and million was recorded within Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 108 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to manage the impact of fluctuations in the underlying benchmark interest rate associated with the 2021 Notes (as further discussed and defined in Note 11 Borrowings). The treasury rate lock contracts had collateral requirements and were not designated as hedge instruments. We paid million in July 2021 to terminate our treasury rate lock contracts in connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes. 
 
 Interest rate swaps 
 
 In February 2020, RPIFT terminated all outstanding interest rate swaps in connection with the Exchange Offer Transactions. We paid million to terminate these swaps and reclaimed million of collateral that was held by the respective counterparties. We did not enter into any interest rate swaps subsequent to the February 2020 termination discussed above. 
 
 Epizyme put option and warrant 
 
 In November 2019, RPIFT made an equity investment in Epizyme, Inc. Epizyme of million. Under the terms of the agreement with Epizyme, we made an upfront payment of million in exchange for (1) shares of Epizyme common stock, (2) a warrant to purchase an additional million shares of Epizyme common stock at per share over a term and (3) Epizyme s royalty on sales of Tazverik in Japan payable by Eisai Co., Ltd Eisai ). In addition, Epizyme had an month put option to sell an additional million of its common stock to RPIFT at then prevailing prices, not to exceed per share. We recorded the put option as a forward purchase contract as of December 31, 2019. The exercise of the put option was settled in February 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the warrant was immaterial. The warrant remained unexercised and was terminated upon Ipsen s acquisition of Epizyme in 2022. 
 
 Summary of derivatives and reclassifications 
 
 (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments Change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments Interest expense Interest expense Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps: Change in fair value of interest rate swaps (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments Interest expense Interest expense Changes in fair value of other instruments: Warrant (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments Forward purchase contract (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments Treasury rate lock contracts (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments Milestone Acceleration Option ) (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments 

109 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

5. 
 
 Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Marketable securities Commercial paper Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities Available for sale debt securities Debt securities (1) Derivative instruments (2) Total current assets Equity securities Available for sale debt securities Debt securities (1) Forwards (3) Derivative instruments (2) Royalty at fair value (4) Total non-current assets Liabilities: Available for sale debt securities Funding commitments (5) ) ) Total non-current liabilities ) ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, amounts reflect the of the funded portion of the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding and the funded portion of the Development Funding Bonds. As of December 31, 2021, amounts reflect the fair value of the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares. 
 (2) Reflects the fair value of the Milestone Acceleration Option . 
 (3) Reflects the fair value of our obligations to fund the acquisitions of the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares and our obligations to fund the Development Funding Bonds. 
 (4) Recorded within Other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 9 Non-Consolidated Affiliates for additional discussion. 
 (5) Related to the fair value of the Cytokinetics Funding Commitments. 
 
 For 2022 and 2021, we recognized losses of million and million, respectively, on equity securities still held as of December 31, 2022. There were gains or losses in 2020 associated with the equity securities still held as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 110 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Purchases (1) Gains/(losses) on initial recognition (2) ) (Losses)/gains on equity securities ) Gains on derivative financial instruments Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities included in other comprehensive losses (Losses)/gains on available for sale debt securities included in earnings (3) ) Other non-operating expense ) Settlement of forwards (4) ) ) Transfer out of Level 3 (5) ) Redemptions (1) ) ) Balance at the end of the year ) 
 (1) Following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022, we purchased all remaining unissued Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares and we received accelerated redemption payments for all outstanding Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares and Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares. 
 (2) Reflects the purchase price allocation for the long-term funding agreement entered into with Cytokinetics to arrive at the appropriate fair value of the Cytokinetics Funding Commitments on initial recognition. Amounts also reflect the losses on initial recognition of debt securities related to the difference in (a) the fair value of the Additional Funding of the Development Funding Bonds and (b) the actual additional funded amount of million. 
 (3) Amounts reflect changes in the fair values of the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares, Series B Forwards and the Development Funding Bond Forward. For 2022, amounts also reflect the change in the fair value of the funded portion of the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding, the funded portion of the Development Funding Bonds and the Cytokinetics Funding Commitments. 
 (4) Amounts reflect the fair value attributed to the Series B Forwards that were settled as we acquired the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares. Amounts in 2022 also reflect the fair value attributed to the Development Funding Bond Forward that was settled upon funding the Development Funding Bonds. 
 (5) Related to the expiration of the transfer restriction on BioCryst common stock. 
 
 111 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and an assumed risk-adjusted discount rate of . We also assumed probabilities for the occurrence of each regulatory or clinical milestone, which impacts the availability of each future tranche of funding. Our estimate of the risk-adjusted discount rate, the interest rate volatility and the probabilities of each underlying milestone could reasonably be different than the assumptions selected by a market participant, which would mean that the estimated fair value could be significantly higher or lower. 
 
 BioCryst Common Stock 
 
 In November 2021, we purchased thousand shares of common stock of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. BioCryst ). As part of the transaction, we were restricted from selling the BioCryst common stock for following the close of the transaction. We determined the fair value of the BioCryst common stock as of December 31, 2021 based on the closing stock price and adjusted for the transfer restriction, which was determined by calculating the value of a put option over the common stock to match the duration of the transfer restriction. This methodology incorporated Level 3 inputs, including the estimated volatility of the BioCryst common stock, which required significant judgement. Our estimated volatility could be reasonably different than the actual volatility of BioCryst s common stock, which would mean that the estimated fair value for the common stock could be significantly higher or lower than the fair value determined by management at any particular date. During the second quarter of 2022, the transfer restriction expired and the BioCryst common stock was transferred from a Level 3 to a Level 1 asset. 
 
 MorphoSys Development Funding Bonds Forward 
 
 The fair values of the Development Funding Bonds and the Development Funding Bond Forward as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were based on a discounted cash flow calculation using estimated risk-adjusted discount rates, which are Level 3 fair value inputs. Our estimate of the risk adjusted discount rates could reasonably be different than the discount rates selected by a market participant, which would mean that the estimated fair values could be significantly higher or lower. 
 112 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

time period and developing a risk-adjusted discount rate require significant judgement. Our estimate of a risk adjusted discount rate of as of December 31, 2021 could reasonably be different than the discount rate selected by a market participant in the event of a sale of the Series A Biohaven Preferred Shares, which would mean that the estimated fair value could be significantly higher or lower. 
 
 Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares Forwards 
 
 All remaining unissued Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares were purchased simultaneously with the redemption of all outstanding Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares following Pfizer s acquisition of Biohaven in October 2022. The fair value of each of the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares and Series B Forwards as of December 31, 2021 was based on probability-adjusted discounted cash flow calculations using Level 3 fair value measurements and inputs, including estimated risk-adjusted discount rates and the probability that there will be a change of control event in different periods of time, which would result in accelerated payments and redemptions. Assessing the probability that there will be a change of control event over the duration of the Series B Biohaven Preferred Shares and developing a risk-adjusted discount rate require significant judgement. Our estimate of a risk adjusted discount rate, expectation of the probability and timing of the occurrence of a change of control event could reasonably be different than those determined by a market participant, which would mean that the estimated fair value could be significantly higher or lower. 
 
 Milestone Acceleration Option 
 
 We estimated the fair value of the Milestone Acceleration Option as of December 31, 2022 using the with-and-without methodology, which is a variation of the income approach and is based on the difference between cash flows for two different scenarios. The prospective cash flows for the success-based milestone payments include the Milestone Acceleration Option in the first scenario. For the second scenario, the prospective cash flows are estimated assuming they remain payable over time. The difference between the fair value of these two scenarios represents the fair value of the Milestone Acceleration Option. This methodology includes the use of Level 3 fair value measurements and inputs, including estimated risk-adjusted discount rate which was primarily based on Pfizer s cost of debt and management s estimated probabilities of achieving the success-based milestones. Assessing the likelihood that the success-based milestones are achieved over the duration of the Milestone Acceleration Option and developing a risk-adjusted discount rate require significant judgement. Our estimate of a risk adjusted discount rate and the probabilities of achieving marketing approval could reasonably be different than those determined by a market participant, which would mean that the estimated fair value could be significantly higher or lower. The fair value associated with this instrument was not material prior to the second quarter of 2022, when Pfizer announced its intended acquisition of Biohaven. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 
 Financial instruments whose fair values are measured on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs primarily consist of commercial paper, certificates of deposit and U.S. government securities. We measure the fair value of these financial instruments with the help of third-party pricing services that provide quoted market prices in active markets for similar securities or observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. 
 
 113 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6. 
 
 ) Tysabri (3) 
 ) Trelegy 2029-2030 ) Tremfya 2031-2032 Imbruvica 2027-2032 ) Xtandi 2027-2028 ) Other 2023-2041 ) Total ) Less: Cumulative allowance for credit losses (Note 7) ) Total current and non-current financial royalty assets, net 
 (1) Durations shown represent our estimates as of the current reporting date of when a royalty will substantially end, which may depend on clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, contractual terms, commercial developments, estimates of patent expiration dates (which may include estimated patent term extensions) or other factors and may vary by geography. There can be no assurances that our royalties will expire when expected. 
 (2) Royalty is perpetual; year shown represents Trikafta expected patent expiration and potential sales decline based on timing of potential generic entry. 
 (3) RPIFT acquired a perpetual royalty on net sales of Tysabri. We have applied an end date of 2031 for purposes of accreting income over the royalty term, which is periodically reviewed. 
 (4) The net carrying value by asset is presented before the allowance for credit losses. Refer to Note 7 Cumulative Allowance and the Provision for Changes in Expected Cash Flows from Financial Royalty Assets for additional information. 
 
 114 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million of non-cash impairment charges for otilimab and gantenerumab, respectively, both unapproved financial royalty assets held at cost. The impairment charges were recorded as a result of GSK plc s announcement that it has decided not to progress with regulatory submissions for otilimab and Roche s statement that it would discontinue clinical trials of gantenerumab. Included in the total financial royalty assets balance of billion as of December 31, 2022, is million related to unapproved financial assets held at cost: zavegepant, seltorexant and olpasiran. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we impaired our financial royalty asset related to Gavreto and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of million due to the uncertainty of Gavreto s commercial outlook. These impairment charges were recorded within Financial royalty asset impairment in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 ) Tysabri (3) 
 ) Imbruvica 2027-2032 ) Xtandi 2027-2028 ) Tremfya 2031-2032 Evrysdi 2030-2035 (4) 
 Other 2023-2041 ) Total ) Less: Cumulative allowance for credit losses (Note 7) ) Total current and non-current financial royalty assets, net 
 (1) Durations shown represent our estimates as of the current reporting date of when a royalty will substantially end, which may depend on clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, contractual terms, commercial developments, estimates of patent expiration dates (which may include estimated patent term extensions) or other factors and may vary by geography. There can be no assurances that our royalties will expire when expected. 
 (2) Royalty is perpetual; year shown represents Trikafta expected patent expiration and potential sales decline based on timing of potential generic entry. 
 (3) RPIFT acquired a perpetual royalty on net sales of Tysabri. We have applied an end date of 2031 for purposes of accreting income over the royalty term, which is periodically reviewed. 
 (4) Key patents on Evrysdi in the United States expire in 2035, but our royalty will cease when aggregate royalties paid to us equal billion. 
 (5) The net carrying value by asset is presented before the allowance for credit losses. Refer to Note 7 Cumulative Allowance and the Provision for Changes in Expected Cash Flows from Financial Royalty Assets for additional information. 

7. 
 
 115 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cumulative adjustment for adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) Increases to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets ) Decreases to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets Write-off of cumulative allowance Write-off of credit loss allowance (1) Provision for credit losses, net (2) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Increases to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets ) Decreases to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets Write-off of cumulative allowance Provision for credit losses, net (2) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Increases to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets ) Decreases to the cumulative allowance for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets Write-off of cumulative allowance Write-off of credit loss allowance Provision for credit losses, net (2) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) Relates to amounts reversed out of the credit loss allowance associated with omecamtiv mecarbil as a result of the gross write-off of the related financial royalty asset balance of million. 
 (2) For 2020, the provision for credit losses was primarily related to certain additions to our portfolio of financial royalty assets with limited protective rights, mainly the final tranche of Tazverik. For 2021, the provision income for credit losses was primarily related to a significant decline in value of Tazverik, which was offset by increases in the value of zavegepant. For 2022, the provision income for credit losses was primarily related to further declines in the value of Tazverik and changes in the payors for certain products with stronger credit profiles, which were partially offset by the addition of Trelegy to our portfolio of financial royalty assets with limited protective rights. 

8. 
 
 Total intangible royalty assets 
 
 , and of revenues from intangible royalty assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 116 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9. 
 
 million in exchange for issuing shares in our subsidiary. As a result, we became a special limited partner in the Legacy Investors Partnerships. The Legacy SLP Interest entitles us to the equivalent of performance distribution payments that would have been paid to the general partner of the Legacy Investors Partnerships and an income allocation on a similar basis. Our income allocation is equal to the general partner s former contractual rights to the income of the Legacy Investors Partnerships, net of amortization of the basis difference. The Legacy SLP Interest is accounted for under the equity method as our Manager is also the Manager of the Legacy Investors Partnerships and has the ability to exercise significant influence. The Legacy Investors Partnerships no longer participate in investment opportunities from June 30, 2020 and, as such, the value of the Legacy SLP Interest is expected to decline over time. The Legacy Investors Partnerships also indirectly own a non-controlling interest in Old RPI and RPI ICAV. 
 
 The income allocation from the Legacy SLP Interest is based on an estimate as the Legacy Investors Partnerships are private partnerships that are expected to report on a lag subsequent to the date of this annual report. Management s estimate of equity in earnings from the Legacy SLP Interest for the current period will be updated for historical results in the subsequent period. We recorded income allocations of million, million and million within Equity in losses/(earnings) of equity method investees in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We collected cash receipts from the Legacy SLP Interest of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Avillion Entities 
 
 We account for our partnership interests in Avillion Financing I, LP and its related entities Avillion I and BAv Financing II, LP and its related entities Avillion II and, together with Avillion I, the Avillion Entities as equity method investments because RPIFT has the ability to exercise significant influence over the Avillion Entities. We recorded loss allocations from the Avillion Entities of million, million and million within Equity in losses/(earnings) of equity method investees in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 On December 19, 2017, the FDA approved a supplemental New Drug Application for Pfizer s Bosulif. Avillion I is eligible to receive fixed payments from Pfizer based on this approval under its co-development agreement with Pfizer. The only operations of Avillion I are the collection of cash and unwinding of the discount on the series of fixed annual payments due from Pfizer. We received distributions from Avillion I of million in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 In May 2018, RPIFT entered into an agreement with Avillion II, which was amended in July 2021 and June 2022, to fund a total of million over multiple years for a portion of the costs of Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials to advance Airsupra, formerly known as PT027, which was approved by the FDA in January 2023. Avillion II is a party to a co-development agreement with AstraZeneca to develop Airsupra for the treatment of asthma in exchange for royalties, a series of success-based milestones and other potential payments. In January 2023, AstraZeneca notified Avillion II that it elected to pay a fee of million to Avillion II to exercise an option to commercialize Airsupra in the United States. We expect to receive our pro rata portion of the exercise fee of approximately million, subject to any holdback for expenses, in 2023. 
 
 117 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively. 

10. 
 
 million in 2022 , primarily related to upfront and milestone development-stage funding payments of million, million and million to acquire royalties on development-stage products from Cytokinetics, Theravance Biopharma, Inc., and MSD International Business GmbH, respectively. 
 
 We recognized R D funding expense of million in 2021, comprised of million in upfront R D funding expense and million in ongoing R D funding expense, primarily under our co-funding agreement with Sanofi. The upfront R D funding expense included million and million in exchange for an incremental royalty on a development-stage product from BioCryst and future royalties on two development-stage products from MorphoSys, respectively. 
 
 million in 2020, comprised of million in ongoing R D funding expense, primarily under our co-funding agreement with Sanofi, and million in upfront R D funding expense for a royalty on a development-stage product that we acquired from BioCryst. 

11. 
 
 , (issued at of par) 
 9/2020 9/2023 , (issued at of par) 
 9/2020 9/2025 , (issued at of par) 
 9/2020 9/2027 , (issued at of par) 
 9/2020 9/2030 , (issued at of par) 
 7/2021 9/2031 , (issued at of par) 
 9/2020 9/2040 , (issued at of par) 
 9/2020 9/2050 , (issued at of par) 
 7/2021 9/2051 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) Total debt carrying value Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) Total long-term debt 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On July 26, 2021, we issued billion of senior unsecured notes (the 2021 Notes comprised of million principal amount of notes due September 2031 and million principal amount of notes due September 2051. Interest on each series of the 2021 Notes accrues at the respective rate per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 2 and September 2 of each year, which began on March 2, 2022. The 2021 Notes were issued at a total discount of million and we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs primarily composed of underwriting fees. The 2021 Notes were issued with a weighted average coupon rate and a weighted average effective interest rate of and , respectively. 
 118 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion of senior unsecured notes (the 2020 Notes and, together with the 2021 Notes, the Notes ). We used the net proceeds from the 2020 Notes offering, together with available cash on hand, to repay in full the outstanding principal amounts of term loans under our prior senior secured credit facilities. Interest on each series of the 2020 Notes accrues at the respective rate per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 2 and September 2 of each year. The 2020 Notes were issued at a total discount of million and we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs primarily comprised of underwriting fees. The 2020 Notes were issued with a weighted average coupon rate and a weighted average effective interest rate of and , respectively. 
 
 On August 3, 2021, we completed an exchange offer for the 2020 Notes where certain holders elected to tender their unregistered outstanding notes for freely tradable exchange notes that were registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 The Notes may be redeemed at our option at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis at the treasury rate, plus a make-whole premium as defined in the indenture. In each case, accrued and unpaid interest is also required to be redeemed to the date of redemption. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event and downgrade in the rating of our Notes by two of three credit agencies, the holders may require us to repurchase all or part of their Notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. 
 
 Our obligations under the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by RP Holdings, a non-wholly owned subsidiary. We are required to comply with certain covenants under our Notes and as of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our outstanding Notes using Level 2 inputs was approximately billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On September 15, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit agreement, which was further amended on October 31, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement amended and restated the prior credit agreement that our subsidiary, RP Holdings, as borrower, entered into on September 18, 2020, which provided for a unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with borrowing capacity of up to billion for general corporate purposes. The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date of October 31, 2027. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to an interest rate, at our option, of either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the administrative agent s prime rate, (2) the federal funds rate plus and (3) Term SOFR plus or (b) Daily SOFR, Term SOFR, the Alternative Currency Term Rate or the Alternative Currency Daily Rate (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus in each case, the applicable margin. The applicable margin for the Revolving Credit Facility varies based on our public debt rating. Accordingly, the interest rates for the Revolving Credit Facility fluctuates during the term of the facility based on changes in the applicable interest rate and future changes in our public debt rating. 
 
 The Credit Agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility contains certain customary covenants, that among other things, require us to maintain (i) a consolidated leverage ratio at or below to 1.00 (or at or below to 1.00 following a qualifying material acquisition) of consolidated funded debt to consolidated EBITDA, each as defined and calculated with the ratio level calculated with further adjustments as set forth in the Credit Agreement and (ii) a consolidated coverage ratio at or above to 1.00 of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, each as defined and calculated with further adjustments as set forth in the Credit Agreement. All obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by us. Noncompliance with the leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio covenants under the Credit Agreement could result in our lenders requiring us to immediately repay all amounts borrowed. The Credit Agreement includes customary covenants for credit facilities of this type that limit our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional indebtedness, paying dividends, making certain payments and acquiring and disposing of assets. As of December 31, 2022, RP Holdings was in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 119 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion and billion, respectively. In September 2020, we repaid in full the outstanding principal amounts of term loans under the senior secured credit facilities with net proceeds from the 2020 Notes and available cash on hand. Upon refinancing our senior secured credit facilities in September 2020, we recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of million as part of Other non-operating expense, net, which primarily consisted of unamortized loan issuance costs and original issue discount related to our senior secured credit facilities. 
 
 RPIFT Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 The RPIFT Senior Secured Credit Facilities were repaid in full in February 2020 in connection with the Exchange Offer Transactions. We recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of million as part of Other non-operating expense, net in 2020. 
 
 Principal Payments on the Notes 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (1) 
 million as of December 31, 2022, which are amortized through interest expense over the remaining life of the underlying debt obligations. 

12. 
 
 classes of voting shares: Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, each of which has vote per ordinary share. The Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as otherwise required by applicable law. Our Class B ordinary shares are not publicly traded and holders of Class B ordinary shares only have limited rights to receive a distribution equal to their nominal value upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, we have thousand Class A ordinary shares and thousand Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 
 
 An exchange agreement entered into in connection with the IPO by us, RP Holdings, the Continuing Investors Partnerships, RPI International Partners 2019, LP and EPA Holdings (the Exchange Agreement governs the exchange of RP Holdings Class B Interests held by the Continuing Investors Partnerships for Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, RP Holdings Class B interests are exchangeable on a -for-one basis for Class A ordinary shares on a quarterly basis. Each such exchange also results in the re-designation of the same number of our Class B ordinary shares as deferred shares. As of December 31, 2022, we have thousand deferred shares outstanding. 
 
 In addition, we have in issue thousand Class R redeemable shares, which do not entitle the holder to voting or dividend rights.The Class R redeemable shares may be redeemed at our option in the future. Any such redemption would be at the nominal value of each. 
 
 120 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

non-controlling interests for 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 
 
 RPSFT Legacy Investors Partnerships Continuing Investors Partnerships (1) EPA Holdings Total December 31, 2019 Contributions Transfer of interests Distributions ) ) ) ) Net income prior to IPO Effect of exchange by Continuing Investors of Class B ordinary shares for Class A ordinary shares and reallocation of historical equity ) Issuance of Class A ordinary shares sold in IPO, net of offering costs Other exchanges ) ) Net income subsequent to IPO Other comprehensive income/(loss): Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2020 Contributions Distributions ) ) ) ) Other exchanges ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss): Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Contributions Distributions ) ) ) ) Other exchanges ) ) Net Income Other comprehensive income/(loss): Unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities Reclassification of unrealized gains on available for sale debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) Related to the Continuing Investors Partnerships ownership of approximately , and in RP Holdings through their ownership of RP Holdings Class B Interests as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Royalty Pharma plc owns the remaining and , and of RP Holdings through its ownership of RP Holdings Class A Interests and RP Holdings Class B Interests as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 121 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Class A ordinary share for an aggregate amount of million to holders of our Class A ordinary shares . 
 
 2020 Independent Directors Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 On June 15, 2020, our 2020 Independent Director Equity Incentive Plan was approved and became effective, whereby thousand Class A ordinary shares have been reserved for future issuance to our independent directors. As of December 31, 2022, approximately thousand shares remain reserved for future issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 RSU Activity and Share-based Compensation 
 
 as part of General and administrative expenses million, which we expect to recognize in the next . 

13. 

122 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: Net income attributable to Continuing Investors Partnerships Less: Net income attributable to Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT Net income attributable to Royalty Pharma plc - basic and diluted Denominator Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding - basic Add: Dilutive effect of unvested RSUs Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per Class A ordinary share - basic Earnings per Class A ordinary share - diluted 
 
 Prior to the IPO, our capital structure mainly included unitholder interests. We analyzed the calculation of earnings per interest for periods prior to the IPO and determined that the resultant values would not be meaningful to the users of these consolidated financial statements. Therefore, the basic and diluted earnings per share for 2020 are only applicable for the period from June 16, 2020 to December 31, 2020, which represents the period in which we had outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Less: Net income attributable to Continuing Investors Partnerships prior to the IPO (1) Less: Net income attributable to Continuing Investors Partnerships subsequent to the IPO Less: Net income attributable to Legacy Investors Partnerships and RPSFT Net income attributable to Royalty Pharma plc - basic and diluted Denominator Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding - basic Add: Dilutive effect of unvested RSUs Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per Class A ordinary share - basic Earnings per Class A ordinary share - diluted 
 (1) Reflected as Net income attributable to Royalty Pharma plc on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 123 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

14. 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Income from financial royalty assets ) ) ) Provision for changes in expected cash flows from financial royalty assets Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs (Gains)/losses on derivative financial instruments ) Losses/(gains) on equity securities ) Equity in losses/(earnings) of equity method investees ) Distributions from equity method investees Loss on extinguishment of debt Share-based compensation Interest income accretion ) ) ) Losses/(gains) on available for sale debt securities ) ) Financial royalty asset impairment Termination of derivative financial instruments ) ) Other Decrease/(increase) in operating assets: Cash collected on financial royalty assets Accrued royalty receivable ) Other royalty income receivable ) ) ) Other current assets Increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Interest payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities are summarized below (in thousands). 
 Years Ended December 31, Supplemental Schedule of Non-cash Investing/Financing Activities: 2022 2021 2020 Receipt of contribution of investment in Legacy Investors Partnerships (Note 9) Settlement of Epizyme forward purchase contract (Note 4) Accrued purchase obligation - Tazverik (1) Repayments of long-term debt by contributions from non-controlling interests (2) Milestone payable - Erleada (3) 
 (1) Related to our obligation under our agreement with Eisai to fund the final tranche of the Tazverik royalty for million following the June 2020 FDA approval of additional indications of Tazverik. 
 (2) Related to the pro rata portion of RPIFT s outstanding debt repaid by the Legacy Investors Partnerships. 
 (3) Related to the achievement of sales-based milestones that were not paid as of December 31, 2022 and 2020. 
 
 124 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

15. 
 
 million of the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding remained unfunded. Cytokinetics is required to draw million if a certain contingency is met and has the option to draw the remaining million upon the occurrence of certain regulatory and clinical development milestones. As of December 31, 2022, we expect million of the optional million to remain available under the Cytokinetics Commercial Launch Funding due to the likelihood that certain regulatory milestones will not be met by March 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 We have commitments to advance funds to counterparties through our investment in the Avillion Entities. Please refer to Note 9 Non-Consolidated Affiliates for details of these arrangements. We also have requirements to make Operating and Personnel Payments over the life of the Management Agreement as described in Note 16 Related Party Transactions. 
 
 Indemnifications 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into contracts or agreements that contain customary indemnifications relating to such things as confidentiality agreements and representations as to corporate existence and authority to enter into contracts. The maximum exposure under such agreements is indeterminable until a claim, if any, is made. However, no such claims have been made against us to date and we believe that the likelihood of such proceedings taking place in the future is remote. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are a party to legal actions with respect to a variety of matters in the ordinary course of business. Some of these proceedings may be based on complex claims involving substantial uncertainties and unascertainable damages. Unless otherwise noted, it is not possible to determine the probability of loss or estimate damages, and therefore we have not established accruals for any of these proceedings on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. When we determine that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability, and, if the liability is material, we disclose the amount of the liability reserved. We do not believe the outcome of any existing legal proceedings to which we are a party, either individually or in the aggregate, will adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

16. 
 
 of the cash receipts from royalty investments for such quarter and of the value of our security investments under GAAP as of the end of such quarter. The operating and personnel payment for Old RPI, an obligation of the Legacy Investors Partnerships as a non-controlling interest in Old RPI and for which the expense is reflected on our consolidated net income, is calculated as the greater of million per quarter and of royalties from Royalty Investments (as defined in the limited partnership agreements of the Legacy Investor Partnerships) during the previous twelve calendar months. Additionally, we also pay certain costs and expenses of the Manager. 
 
 125 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

annually on a compounded basis under the terms of its management agreement with Old RPI and the Legacy Investors Partnerships. 
 
 The Manager or its affiliates receive an annual management fee payable in advance by Old RPI in equal quarterly installments under terms of the limited partnership agreements of the Legacy Investors Partnerships. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, total operating and personnel payments incurred were million, million and million, respectively, including the amounts attributable to Old RPI, and were recognized within General and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Distributions Payable to Legacy Non-Controlling Interests 
 
 The distributions payable to legacy non-controlling interests represent the contractual cash flows required to be distributed based on the Legacy Investors Partnerships non-controlling interest in Old RPI and RPI ICAV and RPSFT s non-controlling interest in RPCT. 
 
 Due to RPSFT Total distributions payable to legacy non-controlling interests 
 
 Acquisition from Bristol Myers Squibb 
 
 In November 2017, RPI Acquisitions (Ireland), Limited RPI Acquisitions , a consolidated subsidiary, entered into a purchase agreement with Bristol Myers Squibb BMS to acquire from BMS a percentage of its future royalties on worldwide sales of Onglyza, Farxiga and related diabetes products marketed by AstraZeneca (the Purchase Agreement ). On December 8, 2017, RPI Acquisitions entered into a purchase, sale and assignment agreement Assignment Agreement with a wholly owned subsidiary of BioPharma Credit PLC BPCR ), an entity related to us. Under the terms of the Assignment Agreement, RPI Acquisitions assigned the benefit of of the payment stream acquired from BMS to BPCR in consideration for BPCR meeting of the funding obligations owed to BMS under the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the financial royalty asset of million and million, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets represents only our right to the future payment streams acquired from BMS. 
 
 Other Transactions 
 
 Henry Fernandez, the lead independent director of our board of directors, serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of MSCI, Inc MSCI ). On April 16, 2021, we entered into an agreement with MSCI with an initial term of to develop thematic life sciences indexes. In return, we will receive a percentage of MSCI s revenues from those indexes. amounts were due from MSCI as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The financial impact associated with this transaction has not been material to date. 
 
 During 2020, we reimbursed Pablo Legorreta approximately million for the cost of purchasing and donating ventilators to hospitals on behalf of Royalty Pharma. 
 
 In connection with the Exchange Offer, we acquired the Legacy SLP Interest from the Continuing Investors Partnerships in exchange for issuing shares in our subsidiary. As a result, we became a special limited partner in the Legacy Investors Partnerships. The Legacy Investors Partnerships own a non-controlling interest in Old RPI and RPI ICAV. Refer to Note 9 Non-Consolidated Affiliates for additional discussion of the Legacy SLP Interest and our investments in other non-consolidated entities. 
 
 RPIFT owns limited partnership interests in the Continuing Investors Partnerships, whose only substantive operations are their investment in our subsidiaries. The total investment of million was recorded as treasury interests, of which million and million were held by non-controlling interests as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 126 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

17. 
 
 billion, including an upfront payment of million and up to million in additional pelacarsen milestone payments. 

127 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation, effective to the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP . Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . Their report is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

128 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our Proxy Statement to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our Proxy Statement, to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our Proxy Statement, to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our Proxy Statement, to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our Proxy Statement, to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 129 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 15(a)(1) Financial Statements. The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules are omitted because they are not required or because the information is provided elsewhere in the financial statements. 
 
 15(a)(3) Exhibits. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form Exhibit Filing Date/ Period End Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 3.1 Articles of Association of Royalty Pharma plc 
 8-K 3.1 6/19/2020 3.2 Articles of Association of Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd 
 8-K 3.2 9/30/2022 4.1 Form of Class A Ordinary Share Certificate 
 S-1/A 4.1 6/11/2020 4.2 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 x 10.1 Amended and Restated Management and Services Agreement dated October 3, 2022, among the Company and RP Management, LLC 
 10-Q 10.1 11/08/2022 10.2 Exchange Agreement dated June 16, 2020, among the Company, Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd, RPI US Partners 2019, LP, RPI International Holdings 2019, LP, RPI International Partners 2019, LP and RPI EPA Holdings, LP 
 8-K 10.1 6/19/2020 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement dated June 18, 2020, among the Company and the Persons listed on Schedule A and Schedule B thereto 
 8-K 10.4 6/19/2020 10.4 Form of Deed of Indemnity 
 S-1/A 10.5 6/2/2020 10.5 Director Appointment Agreement, dated June 9, 2020, between the Company and Mr. Germano Giuliani 
 S-1/A 10.6 6/11/2020 10.6# Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 14, 2014, with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Incorporated 
 S-1/A 10.7 6/2/2020 10.7# Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated October 13, 2016 with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation 
 S-1/A 10.8 6/2/2020 10.8# Research, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated May 24, 2004, between the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Incorporated and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, as amended 
 S-1 10.9 5/22/2020 10.9# Amendment No. 1 to Research, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated January 6, 2006 by and between Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Incorporated 
 S-1 10.10 5/22/2020 
 130 

10.10 Amendment No. 2 to Research, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated January 1, 2006, by and between Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Incorporated 
 S-1 10.11 5/22/2020 10.11# Amendment No. 5 to Research, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated April 1, 2011, by and between Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Incorporated 
 S-1 10.12 5/22/2020 10.12# Amendment No. 7 to Research, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated September 1, 2016, by and between Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Incorporated 
 S-1 10.13 5/22/2020 10.13 Amended and Restated Management and Services Agreement dated October 3 , 202 2 , among Royalty Pharma Holdings L td and RP Management, LLC 
 10-Q 10.2 11/08/2022 10.14 Second Amended and Restated Management and Services Agreement dated October 3, 2022, among Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV and RP Management, LLC 
 10-Q 10.3 11/08/2022 10.15 Form of Independent Director Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1/A 10.15 6/11/2020 10.16 Indenture, dated as of September 2, 2020, among Royalty Pharma plc, Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 4.1 9/2/2020 10.17 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 2, 2020, among Royalty Pharma plc, Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 4.2 9/2/2020 10.18 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2020, among Royalty Pharma plc, Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd, BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC 
 8-K 4.9 9/2/2020 10.19# Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated October 30, 2020, by and among RPI Finance Trust, RPI 2019 Intermediate Finance Trust and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation 
 8-K 10.1 11/5/2020 10.20 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 26, 2021, Royalty Pharma plc, Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 7/26/2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 x 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 x 24.1 Power of Attorney (reference is made to the signature page hereto) x 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 x 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 32 Certifications of Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 101.INS 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document 
 x 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 x 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 x 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 x 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 x 
 131 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 x 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) x 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Certain information has been excluded from the exhibit because it both (i) is not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of the Exchange Act. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ROYALTY PHARMA PLC (Registrant) Date: February 15, 2023 /s/ Pablo Legorreta Pablo Legorreta Chief Executive Officer Date: February 15, 2023 /s/ Terrance Coyne Terrance Coyne Chief Financial Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Terrance Coyne and George Lloyd, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof . 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

132 

Signature Title Date /s/ Pablo Legorreta Chairman of the Board, Director Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer and Royalty Pharma plc s authorized representative in the United States 
 February 15, 2023 Pablo Legorreta /s/ Terrance Coyne Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 February 15, 2023 Terrance Coyne /s/ Bonnie Bassler Director February 15, 2023 Bonnie Bassler /s/ Errol De Souza Director February 15, 2023 Errol De Souza /s/ Catherine Engelbert Director February 15, 2023 Catherine Engelbert /s/ Henry Fernandez Director February 15, 2023 Henry Fernandez /s/ M. Germano Giuliani Director February 15, 2023 M. Germano Giuliani /s/ David Hodgson Director February 15, 2023 David Hodgson /s/ Ted Love Director February 15, 2023 Ted Love /s/ Gregory Norden Director February 15, 2023 Gregory Norden /s/ Rory Riggs Director February 15, 2023 Rory Riggs 
 133 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 rprx-20221231ex42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, Royalty Pharma plc Royalty Pharma or the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, which are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol RPRX. 
 The following description is a summary of our share capital as specified in our Articles of Association. This summary does not purport to be complete and the statements in this summary are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of our Articles of Association and the U.K. Companies Act. 
 Capital Structure 
 Issued Share Capital 
 We have two classes of voting shares Class A and Class B, each of which has one vote per share. The Class A ordinary shares and Class B shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as otherwise required by applicable law. We also have in issue 50,000 Class R redeemable shares, which do not entitle the holder to voting or dividend rights, and deferred shares, which do not entitle the holder to voting or dividend rights. The purpose of the Class R redeemable shares was to ensure we had sufficient sterling denominated share capital at the time we re-registered as a public limited company, as required by the U.K. Companies Act. The Class R redeemable shares may be redeemed at some future point in order to leave the Company with only U.S. dollar denominated share capital. Any such redemption would be at nominal value. 
 The board of directors has been granted authority from our shareholders to allot and issue new Class A ordinary shares and other shares, and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into new Class A ordinary shares or other shares, up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount (i.e., par value) of 300,000, for a period expiring (unless previously renewed, varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) on May 31, 2025. Renewal of such authorization is expected to be sought at least once every five years, and possibly more frequently. This authority is in addition to authorities to allot and issue new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd Class B ordinary shares or the depositary receipts that represent them. The rights and restrictions to which the Class A ordinary shares are subject are prescribed by our Articles of Association. 
 Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Voting rights. The holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders other than with respect to matters that require a separate class vote in accordance with applicable law. 
 Dividend rights. Subject to preferences that may be applicable, the holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be approved from time to time by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 
 Rights upon liquidation. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Royalty Pharma the holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. 
 Class B Shares 
 Voting rights. The holders of Class B shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders other than with respect to matters that require a separate class vote in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 Dividend rights. The holders of Class B shares do not have any rights to receive dividends. 

Rights upon liquidation. The holders of Class B shares only have limited rights to receive a distribution equal to their nominal value upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Royalty Pharma, following the prior payment of the nominal capital paid up or credited as paid up on each Class A ordinary share as well as an amount of 10,000,000 on each Class A ordinary share upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends 
 Under English law, the Company may only pay dividends out of profits available for that purpose. The Company s profits available for distribution are its accumulated, realized profits, to the extent that they have not been previously utilized by distribution or capitalization, less its accumulated, realized losses, to the extent that they have not been previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital duly made. The amount of the Company s distributable reserves is a cumulative calculation. The Company may be profitable in a single financial year but unable to pay a dividend if our accumulated, realized profits of that year do not offset all previous years accumulated, realized losses. 
 Additionally, the Company may only make a distribution if the amount of its net assets is not less than the aggregate of its called-up share capital and undistributable reserves, and if, and to the extent that, the distribution does not reduce the amount of those assets to less than that aggregate. 
 Our Articles of Association authorize our board of directors to approve interim dividends without shareholder approval to the extent that the approval of such dividends appears justified by profits. Our board of directors may also recommend a final dividend to be approved and declared by the shareholders at an annual general meeting and may direct that the payment be made by distribution of assets, shares or cash. No dividend may exceed the amount recommended by the board of directors. 
 Our Articles of Association also permit a scrip dividend scheme under which the board of directors may offer any holders of Class A ordinary shares the right to elect to receive Class A ordinary shares, credited as fully paid, instead of cash in respect of the whole (or some part determined by the board of directors) of all or any dividend subject to certain terms and conditions set out in our Articles of Association. 
 The entitlement to a dividend lapses if unclaimed for 12 years. 
 Voting Rights 
 Under the Articles of Association, each holder of Class A ordinary shares or Class B shares is entitled to one vote for each share that he or she holds as of the record date for the meeting. Neither English law nor any of our constituent documents places limitations on the right of nonresident or foreign owners to vote or hold ordinary shares. The voting at a general meeting must be taken by poll. Subject to any relevant special rights or restrictions attached to any shares, on a poll taken at a general meeting, each qualifying shareholder present in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation, a corporate representative) and entitled to vote on the resolution has one vote for every Class A ordinary share or Class B share held by such shareholder. 
 An ordinary resolution must be approved by a simple majority, and a special resolution approved by at least 75 , of shareholders attending and voting, whether in person or by proxy. 
 Amendment to our Articles of Association 
 Under English law, shareholders may amend the articles of association of a company by special resolution. However, certain provisions of our Articles of Association require a higher threshold of shareholder approval or satisfaction of other procedures before such provision or provisions can be varied. 
 The article in our Articles of Association which requires voting at a general meeting to be taken on a poll may only be removed, amended or varied by resolution of the shareholders passed unanimously. 

Winding Up 
 In the event of a voluntary winding up of the Company, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the Company and any other sanction required by law, subject to the U.K. Insolvency Act of 1986, after effectively applying the Company s property to satisfy the Company s liabilities, divide among the holders of Class A ordinary shares of the Company the whole or any part of the assets of the Company, whether they consist of property of the same kind or not, and vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the holders of Class A ordinary shares of the Company as the liquidator, with such sanction, may determine. No shareholder of the Company shall be compelled to accept any assets upon which there is a liability. 
 On a return of capital on a liquidation, reduction of capital or otherwise, the surplus assets of the Company available for distribution among the holders of Class A ordinary shares shall be applied pro rata (rounded to the nearest whole number). 
 Rights of Pre-Emption on New Issues of Shares 
 Under the U.K. Companies Act, the allotment of equity securities (except pursuant to an employees share scheme and as bonus shares) that are to be paid for wholly in cash must be offered first to the existing holders of ordinary shares in proportion to the respective nominal amounts (i.e., par values) of their holdings on the same or more favorable terms, unless a special resolution to the contrary has been passed or the articles of association otherwise provide disapplication from this requirement (which disapplication can be for a maximum of five years after which shareholders approval would be required to renew the disapplication). Equity securities means ordinary shares or rights to subscribe for, or convert securities into, ordinary shares where ordinary shares means shares other than shares that, with respect to dividends and capital, carry a right to participate only up to a specified amount in a distribution. In relation to the Company, equity securities will therefore include the Class A ordinary shares, and all rights to subscribe for or convert securities into such shares. 
 The board of directors has been granted authority from our shareholders to allot and issue new Class A ordinary shares and other shares and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into new Class A ordinary shares or other shares, up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount (i.e., par value) of 300,000 for a period expiring (unless previously renewed, varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) on May 31, 2025. Renewal of such authorization is expected to be sought at least once every five years, and possibly more frequently. 
 Disclosure of Ownership Interests in Shares 
 Section 793 of the U.K. Companies Act gives us the power to require persons whom we know have, or whom we have reasonable cause to believe have, or within the previous three years have had, an interest in any shares of the Company to disclose specified information regarding those shares. Failure to provide the information requested within the prescribed period (or knowingly or recklessly providing false information after the date the notice is sent) can result in criminal or civil sanctions being imposed against the person in default. 
 Under our Articles of Association, if any of our shareholders, or any other person appearing to be interested in the shares of the Company held by such shareholder, has been duly served with a notice under section 793 and fails to give us the information required by such notice or has made a statement which is false or inadequate in a material particular, then our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion at any time by notice, withdraw voting rights and place restrictions on the rights to receive dividends and refuse to register a transfer of such shares. 
 
 Alteration of Share Capital Share Repurchases 
 Subject to the provisions of the U.K. Companies Act, and without prejudice to any relevant special rights attached to any class of shares, we may, from time to time, among other things 
 increase our share capital by allotting and issuing new shares in accordance with our Articles of Association and any relevant shareholder resolution 

consolidate all or any of our share capital into shares of a larger nominal amount (i.e., par value) than the existing shares 
 subdivide any of our shares into shares of a smaller nominal amount (i.e., par value) than the existing shares or 
 redenominate our share capital or any class of share capital 
 The Company may not consolidate, divide, subdivide or redenominate any class of voting shares without consolidating, dividing, subdividing or redenominating (as the case may be) the other classes of voting shares. 
 English law prohibits us from purchasing our own shares unless such purchase has been approved by our shareholders. Shareholders may approve two different types of such share purchases on-market share purchases or off-market share purchases. On-market purchases may only be made on a recognised investment exchange, which does not include Nasdaq, which is the only exchange on which the Company s shares are traded. In order to purchase our own shares, as a Company listed on Nasdaq, we must therefore obtain the approval of our shareholders for an off-market purchase (on the basis of a specific purchase agreement with a financial intermediary) to acquire shares that are traded on Nasdaq. This requires our shareholders to pass an ordinary resolution approving an off-market purchase, where such approval may be for a maximum period of five years. In relation to an off-market purchase, we may not acquire our own shares until the terms of the contract pursuant to which the purchase(s) are to be made have been authorized by our shareholders. 
 Transfer and Registration of Shares 
 Our Articles of Association allow shareholders to transfer all or any of their shares by instrument of transfer in writing in any usual form or in any other form which our board of directors may approve. 
 The instrument of transfer must be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and (in the case of a transfer of a share that is not fully paid) by or on behalf of the transferee. Our Articles of Association also permit transfer of shares in uncertificated form by means of a relevant electronic system. 
 We may not charge a fee for registering the transfer of a share. 
 Our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to register a transfer of shares in certificated form if it is not fully paid (provided that the refusal does not prevent dealings in the shares from taking place on an open and proper basis) or is with respect to a share on which we have a lien and sums in respect of which the lien exists are payable and are not paid within 14 clear days after due notice has been sent. If our board of directors refuses to register a transfer of a share, it shall notify the transferor of the refusal and the reasons for it as soon as practicable and in any event within two months after the date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged with us (in the case of a transfer of a share in certificated form) or the instructions to the relevant system received. Any instrument of transfer which our board of directors refuses to register shall (except in the case of fraud) be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is sent. 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acts as our transfer agent and registrar. The share register reflects only registered owners of our Class A ordinary shares, Class B shares, Class R redeemable shares and deferred shares. Registration in the Company s share register is determinative of ownership of shares of the Company. A shareholder who holds shares beneficially is not the holder of record of such shares. Instead, the clearance service or depositary (for example, Cede & Co, as nominee for the Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or GTU Ops, Inc., as nominee for Computershare Trust Company, N.A.) or other nominee is the holder of record of those shares. Accordingly, a transfer of shares from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who holds such shares beneficially through a clearance service or depositary or other nominee will not be registered in the Company s official share register, as the depositary or other nominee will remain the record holder of any such shares. 
 In the event that the Company notifies one or both of the parties to a share transfer that it believes stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax is required to be paid in connection with a transfer of shares of the Company, if the parties 

to the transfer have an instrument of transfer duly stamped to the extent required and then provide such instrument of transfer to the Company s share registrar, the buyer will be registered as the legal owner of the relevant shares on the official share register, subject to our rights with respect to the disclosure of interests in our shares. 
 
 Takeover Provisions 
 Regulation of Takeover Bids 
 Given that our central management and control is currently not situated within, and our current intention is not to have it in the future situated within the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man), we do not currently envisage that the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (the Takeover Code will apply to an offer for the Company. It is possible that in the future circumstances could change that may cause the Takeover Code to apply to us. The Takeover Code provides a framework within which takeovers of companies subject to it are conducted. In particular, the Takeover Code contains certain rules in respect of mandatory offers. Under Rule 9 of the Takeover Code, if a person 
 acquires an interest in shares that, when taken together with shares in which such person is already interested and in which persons acting in concert with such person are interested, carries 30 or more of the voting rights of shares or 
 who, together with persons acting in concert with such person, is interested in shares that in the aggregate carry not less than 30 of the voting rights but is not interested in shares carrying more than 50 of such voting rights and such person, or any person acting in concert with such person, acquires an additional interest in shares that increases the percentage of shares carrying voting rights in which that person is interested, 
 the acquirer, and, depending on the circumstances, its concert parties, would be required (except with the consent of the Takeover Panel) to make a cash offer for the outstanding shares at a price not less than the highest price paid for any interests in the shares by the acquirer or its concert parties during the previous 12 months. 
 Under English law, an offeror for the Company that has acquired (i) not less than 90 in value of and (ii) not less than 90 of the voting rights carried by the shares to which the offer relates may exercise statutory squeeze-out rights to compulsorily acquire the shares of the non-assenting minority. However, if an offer for the Company is conducted by way of a scheme of arrangement the threshold for the offeror obtaining 100 of Company shares comprises two components (i) approval by a majority in number of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at the shareholder meeting and (ii) approval of Company shareholders representing 75 or more in value of each class of Company shareholders present and voting at that meeting. 
 Share Issues in the Context of an Acquisition 
 Our Articles of Association provide the board of directors with the power to establish a rights plan and to grant rights to subscribe for our shares pursuant to a rights plan where, in the opinion of the board of directors, acting in good faith, in the context of an acquisition or potential acquisition of 15 or more of our issued voting shares, to do so would improve the likelihood that 
 an acquisition process is conducted in an orderly manner 
 all our shareholders are treated equally and fairly and in a similar manner 
 an optimum price is achieved for our Class A ordinary shares 
 the board of directors would have time to gather relevant information and pursue appropriate strategies 
 the success of Royalty Pharma would be promoted for the benefit of our shareholders as a whole 
 the long term interests of Royalty Pharma, our shareholders and business would be safeguarded and or 
 Royalty Pharma would not suffer serious economic harm. 

Our Articles of Association further provide that the board of directors may, in accordance with the terms of a rights plan, determine to (i) allot shares pursuant to the exercise of rights or (ii) exchange rights for our shares, where in the opinion of the board of directors acting in good faith, in the context of an acquisition or potential acquisition of 15 or more of our issued voting shares, to do so is necessary in order to prevent 
 the use of abusive tactics by any person in connection with such acquisition 
 unequal treatment of shareholders 
 an acquisition which would undervalue Royalty Pharma 
 harm to the prospects of the success of Royalty Pharma for the benefit of its shareholder as a whole and or 
 serious economic harm to the prospects of Royalty Pharma, 
 or where to do so is otherwise necessary to safeguard the long term interests of Royalty Pharma, our shareholders and our business. 
 Under the Takeover Code, the board of a public company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales is constrained from implementing such defensive measures. However, as discussed above, these measures are included in our Articles of Association as the Takeover Code is not expected to apply to us and these measures are included commonly in the constitution of U.S. companies. 
 These provisions will apply for so long as we are not subject to the Takeover Code. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 rprx-20221231ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Royalty Pharma plc, omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 Legal Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Royalty Pharma Holdings Ltd England and Wales Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV Ireland RPI 2019 Intermediate Finance Trust Delaware Royalty Pharma Investments Ireland RPI Acquisitions (Ireland) Limited Ireland RPI Finance Trust Delaware Royalty Pharma Collection Trust Delaware RP IP HoldCo (Ireland) Limited Ireland Royalty Pharma Investments ICAV Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 rprx-20221231ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239193) pertaining to the Royalty Pharma plc 2020 Independent Director Equity Incentive Plan and 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-257188) of Royalty Pharma plc and 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-257883) of Royalty Pharma plc 
 of our reports dated February 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Royalty Pharma plc and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Royalty Pharma plc, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Royalty Pharma plc for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 rprx-20221231ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Pablo Legorreta, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Royalty Pharma plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 s Pablo Legorreta Pablo Legorreta Chief Executive Officer 
 2 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 rprx-20221231ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Terrance Coyne, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Royalty Pharma plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 
 s Terrance Coyne 
 Terrance Coyne Chief Financial Officer 
 2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 rprx-20221231ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Royalty Pharma plc (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 
 s Pablo Legorreta Name Pablo Legorreta Chief Executive Officer 
 s Terrance Coyne 
 Name Terrance Coyne Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rprx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rprx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rprx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rprx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rprx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

