<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1086745_0001493152-23-008631.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8167712</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1256119</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2910520</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1601556</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1869749</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008631.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323070107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008631
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AYRO, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001086745
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				980204758
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34643
		FILM NUMBER:		23754421

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 E. OLD SETTLERS BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			ROUND ROCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78664
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-994-4917

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 E. OLD SETTLERS BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			ROUND ROCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78664

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DropCar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WPCS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHOENIX STAR VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008631.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market, LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
registrant has included these items on the cover page but, in accordance with Release No. 33-11126, is not completing the relevant check
boxes as it is not yet required to have a policy under an applicable exchange listing standard. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second quarter, was , based on a closing price of 0.84 on June 30, 2022. 

As
of March 22, 2023 the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

Forward-Looking
 Statements; Risk Factor Summary 

PART
 I. 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 37 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 37 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 37 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 38 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 51 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 52 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 52 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 53 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 54 

Signatures 
 
 60 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS; RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as anticipates, 
 assumes, believes, can, could, estimates, expects, 
 forecasts, guides, intends, is confident that, may, plans, 
 seeks, projects, targets, and would or the negative of such terms or other variations
on such terms or comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, future financial and operating
results, the company s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, statements concerning the strategic review of our product
development strategy and other statements that are not historical facts. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our
current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject
to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience
and our present expectations, or projections described under the section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

A
summary of the principal risk factors that make investing in our securities risky and might cause our actual results to differ materially
from those projected in these forward-looking statements is set forth below. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows, cash available for distribution, ability to service our debt obligations and prospects
could be materially and adversely affected. 

we
 may be acquired by a third party; 

we
 have a history of losses and have never been profitable, and we expect to incur additional losses in the future and may never be
 profitable; 

our
 failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock; 

if our Master Procurement Agreement with Club Car is terminated, we will need to identify new strategic channel partners
to support the sales of our vehicles; 

we rely on a single third-party supplier and manufacturer located in Canada for certain sub-assembly and assembly
parts for the Vanish and any disruption in the operations of this third-party supplier could adversely affect our business and results
of operations; 

If we lose our exclusive license to manufacture the AYRO 411x model in North America, Cenntro could sell identical
or similar products through other companies or directly to our customers; 

we
 may be unable to replace lost manufacturing capacity on a timely and cost-effective basis, which could adversely impact our operations
 and ability to meet delivery timelines; 

we
 may experience delays in the development and introduction of new products; 

the
 market for our products is developing and may not develop as expected; 

we
 are currently evaluating our product development strategy, which may result in significant changes and have a material impact on
 our business, results of operations and financial condition; 

our
 business is subject to general economic and market conditions, including trade wars and tariffs; 

our
 business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted by public health epidemics, including the COVID-19
 outbreak; 

if
 disruptions in our transportation network continue to occur or our shipping costs continue to increase, we may be unable to sell
 or timely deliver our products, and our gross margin could decrease; 

our
 limited operating history makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and may increase the risk of any investment
 in our securities; 

if
 we are unable to effectively implement or manage our growth strategy, our operating results and financial condition could be materially
 and adversely affected; 

developments
 in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine may have a materially adverse effect on the demand
 for our electric vehicles; 

the
 markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries; 

a
 significant portion of our revenues is derived from a single customer and the anticipated loss of this customer could cause our sales to decrease significantly; 

our
 future growth depends on customers willingness to adopt electric vehicles; 

we may experience lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our current models and the vehicles in development; 

if
 we are unable to manage our growth and expand our operations successfully, our business and operating results will be harmed, and
 our reputation may be damaged; 

if we fail to include key feature sets relative to the target markets for our electric vehicles, our business will
be harmed; 

unanticipated
 changes in industry standards could render our vehicles incompatible with such standards and adversely affect our business; 

our
 future success depends on our ability to identify additional market opportunities and develop and successfully introduce new and
 enhanced products that address such markets and meet the needs of customers in such markets; 

unforeseen
 or recurring operational problems at our facilities, or a catastrophic loss of our manufacturing facilities, may cause significant
 lost or delayed production and adversely affect our results of operations; 

we
 may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully
 defend or insure against such claims; 

if our vehicles fail to perform as expected due to defects, our ability to develop, market and sell our electric
vehicles could be seriously harmed 

we depend on key personnel to operate our business, and the loss of one or more members of our management team, or
our failure to attract, integrate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business; 

transitioning from an offshoring to an onshoring business model carries risk; 

we
 currently have limited electric vehicles marketing and sales experience, and if we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities
 or enter into dealer agreements to market and sell our vehicles, we may be unable to generate any revenue; 

failure to maintain the strength and value of our brand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations; 

the
 range of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines over time, which may negatively
 influence potential customers decisions whether to purchase our vehicles; 

an unexpected change in failure rates of our products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and operating results; 

3 

increases
 in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, in particular lithium-ion battery cells, chipsets and displays, could
 harm our business; 

customer
 financing and insuring our vehicles may prove difficult because retail lenders are unfamiliar with our vehicles and our vehicles
 have a limited loss history determining residual values within the insurance industry; 

our
 electric vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which, if not appropriately managed and controlled, have occasionally been
 observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flames; 

our
 business may be adversely affected by labor and union activities; 

we
 rely on our dealers for the service of our vehicles and have limited experience servicing our vehicles, and if we are unable to address
 the service requirements of our future customers, our business will be materially and adversely affected; 

if
 we fail to deliver vehicles and accessories to market as scheduled, our business will be harmed; 

failure in our information technology and storage systems could significantly disrupt the operation of our business; 

we
may be required to raise additional capital to fund our operations, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain, and
could dilute our stockholders ownership interests 

our long-term capital requirements are subject to numerous risks 

we may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate
acquired businesses into our company or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions; 

increased
 safety, emissions, fuel economy or other regulations may result in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions; 

our vehicles are subject to multi-jurisdictional motor vehicle standards; 

we
 may fail to comply with evolving environmental and safety laws and regulations; 

changes
 in regulations could render our vehicles incompatible with federal, state or local regulations, or use cases; 

unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects
in our vehicles, or otherwise, may derail our business; 

we are required to comply with state-specific regulations regarding the sale of vehicles by a manufacturer; 

we
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to remediate the material
 weakness, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future, our business may be harmed; 

if
 we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary designs and intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed; 

we
 may need to obtain rights to intellectual property from third parties in the future, and if we fail to obtain licenses or fail to
 comply with our obligations in existing agreements under which we have licensed intellectual property and other rights from third
 parties, we could lose our ability to manufacture our vehicles; 

many of our proprietary designs are in digital form, and a breach of our computer systems could result in these designs
being stolen; 

our
 proprietary designs are susceptible to reverse engineering by our competitors; 

if
 we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary information may be used by others
 to compete against us; 

legal proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement and other challenges may require us
to spend substantial time and money and could harm our business; 

we are generally obligated to indemnify our sales channel partners, customers, suppliers and contractors for certain
expenses and liabilities resulting from intellectual property infringement claims regarding our products, which could force us to incur
substantial costs; 

we
 are subject to exposure from changes in the exchange rates of local currencies; and 

we
 are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing
 requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 

For
a more detailed discussion of these and other factors that may affect our business and that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, see the risk factors and uncertainties set forth in Part I, Item
1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect our
results of operations and whether forward-looking statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise, except as required
by law. 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

On
May 28, 2020, pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 19, 2019 (the Merger Agreement ),
by and among AYRO, Inc., a Delaware corporation previously known as DropCar, Inc. DropCar ), ABC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and AYRO Operating Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation
previously known as AYRO, Inc. AYRO Operating ), Merger Sub was merged with and into AYRO Operating, with AYRO Operating
continuing after the merger as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). In this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, 
 our company, AYRO and Company refer to AYRO, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Overview 

We
design and manufacture compact, sustainable electric vehicles for closed campus mobility, low speed urban and community transport, local
on-demand and last mile delivery and government use. Our four-wheeled purpose-built electric vehicles are geared toward commercial customers,
including universities, business and medical campuses, last mile delivery services and food service providers. We are currently updating
our model year 2023 vehicle lineup in support of the aforementioned markets. 

Strategic
Review 

Following
the hiring of our current Chief Executive Officer in the third quarter of 2021, we initiated a strategic review of our product development
strategy, as we focus on creating value within the electric vehicle, last-mile delivery, smart payload and enabling infrastructure markets.
In connection with our strategic review, we have cancelled all material research and development activity and expenditures, associated
with our planned next-generation three-wheeled high speed vehicle. 

For
the past several years, our primary supplier has been Cenntro Automotive Group, Ltd. Cenntro ), which operates a large
electric vehicle factory in the automotive district in Hangzhou, China. As a result of rising shipping costs, quality issues with certain
components and persistent delays, we ceased production of the AYRO 411x from Cenntro in September 2022 in order to focus our resources
on the development and launch of the new 411 fleet vehicle model year 2023 refresh, the Vanish. 

Products 

Our
vehicles provide the end user an environmentally friendly alternative to internal combustion engine vehicles (cars powered by gasoline
or diesel oil), for light duty uses, including low-speed logistics, maintenance services, cargo services, and personal/group transport
in a quiet, zero emissions vehicle with a lower total cost of ownership. 

AYRO
411x 

The
AYRO 411x is an electric, four-wheel, compact, light-duty utility trucks sold exclusively through our contracted partner, Club Car, as
part of a global multi-year sustainability solution development, sales and marketing agreement. 

AYRO
Vanish 

In
December 2021, we began design and development of the Vanish, including updates to our supply chain evolution, the
offshoring/onshoring mix, our manufacturing strategy and our annual model year refresh program. We unveiled the first Vanish
prototype in the fourth quarter of 2022. Pre-production was completed in December 2022 and we expect to begin accepting pre-orders
in the second quarter of 2023. 

There
will be three members of the AYRO Vanish fleet of vehicles (the AYRO Vanish Fleet ): 

The
 Vanish Cargo Van Box, a fully enclosed cargo box, which may be internally tailored for use; 

The
 Vanish Flatbed truck, which provides users with considerable versatility; and 

The
 Vanish Pickup truck, generally utilized for open air hauling. 

5 

Each
member of the AYRO Vanish Fleet will be classified as a street legal low speed vehicle LSV or non-LSV variant, defined
as a four wheeled motor vehicle, other than an all-terrain vehicle, that is capable of reaching speeds of at least 20 miles per hour mph but not greater than 25 mph. The AYRO Vanish Fleet is expected to have a maximum payload capacity of 1,500 pounds.
The AYRO Vanish is 13 feet long and can use either a conventional 120V or 240V wall outlet or can be configured for a J1772 charger.
The non-LSV variant has a higher payload capacity of 1,800 pounds. 

All
 three platforms will share identical components on common chassis architectures 

Spare
 and maintenance parts will identical for all three platforms 

Communication,
 application, and web-enabled software 

Allows
 for conversion into an autonomous platform 

Cost
 savings from reduced fleet size, reduced insurance overhang, common logistics, and application-enabled operational efficiencies. 

The
AYRO Vanish Fleet will have an expected range of over 50 miles and an expected maximum speed of 25 mph. in line with the United States
Department of Transportation regulations for LSVs and with most state statutes, which typically limit the speed of LSVs to 25 mph or
35 mph posted roads. 

The
Company estimates that the AYRO Vanish Fleet s operating costs will be approximately 50 lower per year compared to similarly sized
gas-powered trucks and vans. The vehicles are primarily sourced from North America and Europe, with vehicle final assembly and integration
occurring in our Round Rock, Texas facility, thus ameliorating concerns regarding rising costs of trans-Pacific shipping, shipping times,
import duties and quality. 

Additional
Models, Vehicles, Payloads and Infrastructure 

We
continue to invest in expanding our existing all-electric vehicle technologies, reconfigurable cargo subsystems, onboard and web-based
fleet support applications, driver support systems and applications, as well as architectural innovations that maximize subsystem commonality
across the AYRO vehicle fleet. Our product line roadmap contemplates growing our fleet of purpose-engineered vehicles and services with
every passing model year, with a focus on the low-speed vehicle segment, last mile delivery of a plurality of payloads, and potential
line extension into efficient, safe micro-mobility platforms. 

We
are also currently in discussions with a key supply partner on positioning the model year 2023 Vanish for sale on the General Services
Administration schedule GSA Schedule ). The GSA Schedule is a long-term government-wide contract with commercial companies
that provides access to millions of commercial products and services at pre-negotiated prices. This would represent an increase of the
total addressable market for the Company and further represent a demand hedge to the cyclicality of markets currently addressed. 

6 

Manufacturing
and Supply Chain 

Manufacturing
Agreement with Cenntro 

In
2017, AYRO Operating partnered with Cenntro in a supply chain agreement to provide sub-assembly manufacturing services. Cenntro owns
the design of the AYRO Club Car 411 and 411x AYRO 411 Fleet vehicles and has granted us an exclusive license to purchase
the AYRO 411 Fleet vehicles for sale in North America. 

Under
our Manufacturing License Agreement with Cenntro (the Cenntro MLA ), in order for us to maintain our exclusive
territorial rights pursuant to the Cenntro MLA, we must meet certain minimum purchase requirements. 

We
imported semi-knocked-down vehicle kits from Cenntro for the AYRO 411x models comprising our model year 2022 lineup. The vehicle kits
were received through shipping containers at the assembly facility of Karma Automotive LLC Karma ), our previous manufacturing
partner in southern California, as well as at our customization, service and integration facility in Round Rock, Texas. The vehicles
were then assembled with tailored customization requirements per order. 

On
May 31, 2022, we received a letter from Cenntro purporting to terminate all agreements and contracts between the Company and
Cenntro. Although we do not believe Cenntro s termination of the Cenntro MLA is valid, we have determined to cease production
of the AYRO 411x and focus our resources on the development and launch of the Vanish. We have canceled all purchase orders and
future builds with Cenntro and currently intend to only order replacement parts for vehicles from Cenntro in the future. Cenntro
inventory remaining on hand as of December 31, 2022 was 244,902. We expect to lose our exclusive license under the Cenntro MLA, in
which case Cenntro could sell identical or similar products through other companies or directly to our customers, which could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
intend for the new Vanish to utilize assemblies and products that will largely eliminate our dependency on Chinese imports and optimize
the supply chain to rely primarily upon North American and European sources. Final assembly of the Vanish will occur in our Round Rock,
Texas facilities. 

Manufacturing
Agreement with Linamar 

On
July 28, 2022, we partnered with Linamar Corporation Linamar ), a Canadian manufacturer, in a manufacturing agreement (the
 Linamar MLA to provide certain sub assembly and assembly parts, including the cabin frame and skate for the Vanish (collectively,
the Products ). During the term of the Linamar MLA, Linamar has the exclusive right to supply the Products to the Company,
subject to certain exceptions. The Linamar MLA has an initial term of three years and will automatically renew for successive two-year
terms unless either party has given at least 12 months written notice of nonrenewal. Either party may terminate the Linamar MLA
at any time upon 12 months written notice, and in the event of a change in control of the Company prior to the end of the initial
term, we may terminate upon written notice within three days of completion of such change in control. 

In
the event we terminate the Linamar MLA prior to its expiration, whether following a change in control or otherwise, we must purchase
any remaining raw material inventory, finished goods inventory and work in progress and any unamortized capital equipment used in production
and testing of the Products and pay a termination fee of 750,000, subject to certain adjustments. We are dependent on the Linamar MLA,
and in the event of its termination our manufacturing operations and customer deliveries would be materially impacted. 

Under
the Linamar MLA, we must commit to certain minimum purchases, to be determined by AYRO on a quarterly basis. 

We
import the Products from Linamar in Canada, and we manufacture and assemble the Vanish at our customization, service,
and integration facility in Round Rock, Texas. Over 98 of the vehicle assemblies, components, and products are from North American
and European sources. 

Assembly
and Integration 

For
assembly, tailoring, diagnostics testing and service of the Vanish, we currently occupy 24,000 square feet of office and manufacturing
space configured in a U -shaped assembly line with multiple stations per vehicle in our Round Rock, Texas facility. The
chart below indicates the estimated number of vehicles that can be assembled per month and the assembly time required for each. Assembly
time also includes USDOT quality checks and testing as the final step of the assembly process. The number of vehicles indicated below
assumes a single shift. 

Vehicle 
 Assembly time (Man-Hours) 
 Vehicle Assembly Capacity per month 
 
 AYRO Vanish 
 20 
 170 

7 

Supply
Agreement with Gallery Carts 

During
2020, we entered into a supply agreement with Gallery Carts, a leading provider of food and beverage kiosks, carts, and mobile storefront
solutions. Joint development efforts have led to the launch of the parties first all-electric configurable mobile hospitality
vehicle for on-the-go venues across the United States. This innovative solution permits food, beverage and merchandising
operators to bring goods directly to consumers. 

The
configurable Powered Vendor Box, in the rear of the vehicle, features long-life lithium batteries that power the preconfigured hot/cold
beverage and food equipment is directly integrated with the 411x and will be directly integrated with the Vanish. The canopy doors, as
well as the full vehicle, can be customized with end-user logos and graphics to enhance the brand experience. Gallery, with 40 years
of experience delivering custom food kiosk solutions, has expanded into electric mobile delivery vehicles, as customers increasingly
want food, beverages and merchandise delivered to where they are gathering. For example, a recent study conducted by Technomic found
that a large majority of students, 77 , desired alternative mobile and to-go food options on campuses. 

Gallery,
a premier distributor of AYRO vehicles, has a diverse clientele throughout mobile food, beverage and merchandise distribution markets
for key customer applications such as university, corporate and government campuses, major league and amateur-level stadiums and arenas,
resorts, airports and event centers. In addition to finding innovative and safe ways to deliver food and beverages to their patrons,
reducing and ultimately eliminating their carbon footprint is a top priority for many of these customers. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
goal is to continue to develop and commercialize automotive-grade, sustainable electric transportation solutions for the markets and
use cases that we believe can be well served by our purpose-built, street legal low speed electric vehicles. Our business strategy includes
the following: 

8 

Scale
 up our operations to achieve growth. We intend to direct resources to scale up our operations, which we believe is needed to
 increase our revenue, including expanding and optimizing our automotive component supply chain and our flow-based assembly operations
 in Round Rock, Texas. Further, we plan to expand sales territories and add distribution channels, forming strategic partnerships
 to build out our whole product offering across multiple segments and to access additional sales channels or to accelerate product
 adoption for particular vertical markets, building our brand, and increasing manufacturing capacity to produce higher volumes of
 electric vehicles. Importantly, we are pursuing a strategy to increase our North American content in our vehicle platforms, starting
 with the AYRO Vanish Fleet. 

Identify
 defined markets and use cases which are currently under-served but represent sizable market opportunity sub-sets of the electric
 vehicle market and focus development efforts on purpose-built electric vehicles to address such markets. We are currently developing
 a new series of modular, highly reconfigurable payload systems affording operators the maximum flexibility in the use of their fleet
 for a plurality of payloads. We intend to direct resources to advance the development of such reconfigurable payload solutions which
 we believe will afford customers the option of sharing transportation assets or configuring those assets differently for differing
 time of day or time of season use cases. 

Invest
 in research and development and qualification of sensors, cameras, software and mobility services, seeking to enhance the value of
 using our electric vehicles and to derive incremental potential revenue streams for us and our partner ecosystem. We intend to
 offer a web-based application to accompany every vehicle sold or leased beginning with the AYRO Vanish Fleet to enhance the use cases
 for those vehicles and optimize driver routing, user scheduling, and customer communication. We intend for onboard sensors will collect
 vehicle health, location data, route data, payload data and environmental data to provide us, the customer and fleet operators the
 ability to do post-hoc analysis of forecast versus observed delivery efficiency. A subscription service could later be offered even
 to delivery operators operating vehicles other than ours, creating the potential for an additional revenue stream. 

Trends
Driving the Need for Electric Vehicles 

The
U.S. electric vehicle market is forecasted to grow substantially in the years ahead, driven by factors such as the country s increasingly
urbanized population, escalating gas prices and increased desirability of non-emissive transportation alternatives. 

A
segment of the electric vehicle market, low speed electric vehicles LSEVs which are LSVs but cannot be powered
by gas or diesel fuel are growing increasingly popular as eco-friendly options for consumers and commercial entities. LSEVs run
on electric motors fueled by a variety of different batteries, such as lithium ion, molten salt, zinc-air and various nickel-based designs. 

Trends
such as increasingly stringent government regulations aimed toward reducing vehicle emissions, growing urban populations and social pressure
to adopt sustainable lifestyles all create a demand for more ecologically and economically sustainable methods of transportation. This
demand continues to spur technological advancements and LSEV market growth. 

Expanding
rules and regulations governing vehicle emissions have contributed to growth in the LSEV market. In particular, the U.S., Germany, France,
and China have implemented stringent laws and regulations governing vehicular emissions, requiring automobile manufacturers to use advanced
technologies to combat high-emission levels in vehicles. To incentivize clean-energy use, many governments are increasingly instituting
substantial incentives for consumers to purchase electric vehicles, such as: 

tax
 credits, rebates, and exemptions; 

reduced
 utility rates; and 

parking
 incentives. 

Further,
governments are establishing infrastructure benchmarks to support the growth of the electric vehicle industry. 

9 

Competition
and Market Opportunities 

The
worldwide automotive market, particularly for economy and alternative fuel vehicles, exhibits a high competitive intensity, especially
amongst tier 1 competitors. The relatively modest LSEV market, being smaller in overall size, engenders a more modest competitive intensity.
A few notable companies in the global LSEV market include HDK Electric Vehicles, Bradshaw Electric Vehicles, Textron Inc., Polaris Industries,
Yamaha Motors Co. Ltd., Ingersoll Rand, Inc., Speedway Electric, AGT Electric Cars, Bintelli Electric Vehicles and Ligier Group. 

When
compared to internal combustion engine vehicle costs, our vehicles are significantly more attractive based on tax, title and license
fees. Compared to a standard Ford F150 (gasoline) pickup truck (2.7 liter), the AYRO Vanish Fleet is expected to provide an approximate
49 reduction in operating expenses and an approximate 100 reduction in CO2 emissions (if renewed energy is used to charge the AYRO
vehicles, an increasing trend for most higher education campuses and government facilities). 

Our
closest competitor in the LSEV industry is the WAEV, Inc. (formerly Polaris) Gem Gem ). WAEV offers multiple passenger
vehicle models and multiple utility vehicle models under the WAEV and Taylor-Dunn brands. While the GEM el XD model, which is
similar to vehicles in the AYRO 411x Fleet, has a lower starting MSRP than the AYRO 411x, the GEM el XD requires reconfiguration to
match the standard AYRO 411x features, raising the final MSRP of each vehicle above that of the AYRO 411x Fleet alternative and
above the expected MSRP of the Vanish. The AYRO 411x Fleet has, and the Vanish is expected to have, a greater bed and box capacity,
13 more horsepower and a 48 better turning radius, allowing use of our in tighter spaces than are possible using the GEM el
XD. 

We
expect competition in our industry to intensify over time. Factors affecting competition include product quality and features, innovation
and development time, pricing, reliability, safety, customer service and financing terms. Increased competition may lead to lower vehicle
unit sales and increased inventory, which may result in downward price pressure and may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects. Our ability to successfully compete in our industry will be fundamental to our future success in both
existing and new markets and our market share. There can be no assurances that we will be able to compete successfully in our markets.
If our competitors introduce new cars or services that compete with or surpass the quality, price or performance of our vehicles or services,
we may be unable to satisfy existing customers or attract new customers at the prices and levels that would allow us to generate attractive
rates of return on our investment. Increased competition could result in price reductions and revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and
loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Factors
that are anticipated to boost the demand of LSV markets in North America include: rising elderly population, commuters, students and
government fleets seeking mobility solutions beyond automobiles, and projections of lower vehicle mils and greenhouse gas emissions in
the U.S. 

Target
Markets 

Our
target market segment straddles the range of a converted golf cart to a small pickup truck. This hybrid market allows for
cannibalization of both adjacent markets by AYRO. The multipurpose applications and clean energy use of LSEVs make them popular across
a wide array of industries and customers, including college and university campuses, resorts and hotels, corporate parks, hospitals,
warehouses, individual consumers, last mile delivery service providers, municipalities, and the food service industry. A number of these
market segments, and our competitive position within them, are discussed in greater detail below. 

Universities.
 LSEVs are growing increasingly common on university and college campuses due to a number of factors. LSEVs fulfil the versatile needs
of campuses better than golf carts or standard combustion vehicles because not only do LSEVs low speed thresholds promote safer
driving among pedestrians, but the vehicles are also street legal with on-road safety features, enabling drivers to drive on roads and
free up pedestrian space along sidewalks and smaller pathways. Additionally, the significantly reduced carbon imprint of LSEVs compared
to internal combustion engine vehicles appeals to environmentally aware students and professors looking to promote environmental sustainability
on campus. By transitioning from internal combustion engine vehicles to LSEVs, campuses should be able to reduce significantly the costs
spent on fuel, oil, parts, and maintenance. We believe the AYRO Vanish Fleet will provide all of these benefits to university and college
campuses. We estimate that in the U.S., there are over 1,800 higher education campuses with over 10,000 students each with over 400 on-campus
vehicles that are ideal targets for the AYRO Vanish Fleet as campuses transition from fossil-fueled campus fleet vehicles to LSEVs. 

Food
Delivery Services. As the millennial generation assumes a more substantial portion of the consumer population, customers increasingly
favor convenience and timeliness, spurring dramatic growth in online ordering and delivery services across a wide swath of industries,
including food delivery and restaurant ordering services. Food delivery sales are anticipated to increase over 20 per year, culminating
in an expected 365 billion worldwide by 2030, according to Upserve. Upserve further estimates that approximately 60 of U.S. consumers
report that they order delivery or takeout at least once a week. Within the next decade, potentially over 40 of restaurant sales will
be attributable to delivery services, according to Morgan Stanley. Every major urban environment having a 35mph or less speed limit is
a target market for our current and future LSV fleet. 

10 

Last
Mile Delivery Service. Retail focus on last mile delivery the movement of goods from a transportation hub to the final delivery
destination has grown exponentially over the past few years due to the rise in online ordering and e-commerce. Consumers 
ability to pick and choose products based on delivery speed and availability makes last mile delivery a key differentiator among retailers.
Last mile delivery provides retailers timelier and more convenient delivery options not offered by the main three shipping services in
the U.S. (the U.S. Postal Service, FedEx, and UPS). Additionally, given the increasing designation of low emission zones in urban centers,
retailers will need to continue to deploy eco-friendly vehicles. Retailers will likely expand the use of LSEV fleets to make deliveries
in low emission zones due to their zero gas emissions and lower price than competing electric vehicles. 

Municipalities.
 As more city governments adopt regulations geared toward reducing pollution from vehicles, cities are increasingly looking to replace
their municipal vehicles with zero-emission fleets. Such fleet overhauls, however, can be costly. LSEVs are a cheaper and more practical
option for cities daunted by the cost of standard electronic vehicles. Our LSEVs have both on and off-road capabilities, making them
particularly versatile for municipalities. 

On-Road
and Personal Transportation. LSEVs offer a feasible and practical method of transportation, especially in urban centers. Because
our LSEVs are street-legal, they offer city dwellers a more sustainable, cost-efficient, easily maneuverable, compact and light weight
option compared to internal combustion engine vehicles. Our LSEVs also offer a variety of specifications and equipment, meaning that
consumers do not have to sacrifice comfort or convenience. 

We
primarily focus on the LSEV North American market, which is highly competitive and constitutes 28 of the global LSEV market according
to WiseGuy Reports. We have examined various considerations with regard to our market impact, including cost comparisons to existing
vehicles in the market, market validation and target commercial markets. 

Resources 

We
sourced our semi-knocked-down kits for the model year 2022 AYRO 411 and 411x from Cenntro. While many of their components are commercial
off-the-shelf COTS parts, many are specific to the 411 product and are subject to raw material limitations. However,
for AYRO Vanish, we have endeavored to reduce our supply risk by migrating our vehicle supply chain to the North American continent and
by embracing parts and sub-assembly standardization, reducing discrete stock keeping units and simplifying logistical complexity. 

11 

Intellectual
Property 

As
we expand our vehicle and service roadmaps, and integrated technologies, our focus on identifying specific market and customer needs
continues to drive purpose-built engineering efforts. 

Leveraging
the all-electric AYRO 411x and Vanish Fleet LSVs, we intend to develop applications or use case solutions optimized for the
logistics of storing and delivering food, beverages, merchandise, equipment, tools and related goods. This is accomplished by
integrating application-specific appliances, storage facilities, vehicle wraps and related items. We will leverage either integrated
traction or a separate battery power system to provide AC power to the various appliances and solution elements. We are filing and
have filed a number of provisional utility and/or design patents associated with the aforementioned verticalization development, and
we have filed for both domestic and international trademarks to cover the company name, company logo, and certain other key product
and service marks. We continue to focus on innovative and applicable electric vehicle optimization designs that serve an expanding
customer and application use base. 

Patents 

We
currently have United States registrations for two design patents. Both were issued on February 11, 2020 and will expire on February
11, 2035. In addition to these issued patents, we have numerous non-public patent applications on file with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office USPTO ). 

We
currently have United States applications for two design patents and two utility patents awaiting examination. Reference number 58929.11US01
was filed on March 10, 2022 for Electric Vehicle Structure. Reference number 58929.12US01 was filed on April 12, 2022 for Electric Vehicle
Control Systems, Apparatus, and Methods. Reference number 58929.23US01 was filed on May 20, 2022 for Reconfigurable Vehicle Payload Architecture.
Reference number 58929.25US01 was filed on June 21, 2022 for Systems and Methods for Residual Tire Track Shaping and Elimination. 

All
patents have been filed under accelerated consideration criteria due to the age (65) of the named inventor. 

Trademarks 

We
have two granted trademark applications in the United States and abroad. We registered the word AYRO as United States Registration
No. 88431321 on June 23, 2020. This registration was also filed in Canada, Mexico, and the European Union under the Madrid Protocol as
Registration No. 1507096. Our Company logo was registered as United States Registration No. 88859276 on October 13, 2020. This logo was
also registered in Canada, Mexico, and the European Union under the Madrid Protocol as Registration No. 1554092. Our application for
the color version of our Company logo was filed in the United States on October 9, 2020 as Serial No. 90245135 and is currently in prosecution
with the USPTO. 

Currently,
we have eight trademarks pending, including a logo refresh and the AYRO Valet, Vapor, and Vanish trademarks. 

Government
Regulations 

Many
governmental standards and regulations relating to safety, fuel economy, emissions control, noise control, vehicle recycling, substances
of concern, vehicle damage, and theft prevention are applicable to new motor vehicles, engines, and equipment manufactured for sale in
the United States, Europe, and elsewhere. In addition, manufacturing and other automotive assembly facilities in the United States, Europe,
and elsewhere are subject to stringent standards regulating air emissions, water discharges, and the handling and disposal of hazardous
substances. The most significant standards and regulations affecting AYRO are discussed below. 

12 

Mobile
Source Emissions Control 

The
federal Clean Air Act imposes stringent limits on the amount of regulated pollutants that may be lawfully emitted by new vehicles and
engines produced for sale in the United States. The current Tier 2 emissions regulations promulgated by the Environmental
Protection Agency (the EPA set standards for motorcycles. Tier 2 emissions standards also establish durability requirements
for emissions components up to 5 years or 30,000 kilometers. 

California
has received a waiver from the EPA to establish its own unique emissions control standards for certain regulated pollutants. New vehicles
and engines sold in California must be certified by the California Air Resources Board CARB ). CARB s emissions standards
for motorcycles are in line with those of the EPA. We currently expect that our vehicles will meet and exceed both the EPA s and
CARB s standards. 

Motor
Vehicle Safety 

The
National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 1966, or Safety Act, regulates vehicles and vehicle equipment in two primary
ways. First, the Safety Act prohibits the sale in the United States of any new vehicle or equipment that does not conform to applicable
vehicle safety standards established by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA ). Meeting or exceeding
NHTSA safety standards is costly, in part because the standards tend to conflict with the need to reduce vehicle weight in order to meet
emissions and fuel economy standards. Second, the Safety Act requires that defects related to motor vehicle safety be remedied through
safety recall campaigns. A manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard.
If we or NHTSA determine that either a safety defect or noncompliance exists with respect to any of our vehicles, the cost of such recall
campaigns could be substantial. 

U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency EPA Certification 

Our
product programs are built on plug-in electric, zero emissions platforms. We report federal and state emissions data consistent with
10 CFR 474 and CARB requirements for Zero-Emission Vehicle certification. 

Electromagnetic
Compatibility 

The
Federal Communications Commission is the federal agency responsible for implementing and enforcing communications law and regulations,
including Part 15 of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations which regulates unlicensed radio-frequency transmissions, both intentional
and unintentional. With very few exceptions, all electronic devices must be reviewed to comply with Part 15 before they can be advertised
or sold in the U.S. market. 

Motor
Vehicle Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation 

As
with helmet laws and driver s license requirements, state laws that regulate the manufacture, distribution, and sale of motor vehicles
are a patchwork. For our electric vehicles, outside of our collaboration with a third-party sales/distribution white
label partner, we plan on a multi-faceted approach to sales, including exploring the following: (i) developing an expanded network of
channel partners; (ii) entering into direct sales via a national leasing company that will in turn consummate sales with end users in
a variety of states; and/or (iii) opening facilities in high growth states and delivering the vehicle to the end user via a common carrier.
On December 20, 2022, we completed pre-production on our Model Year 2023 refresh vehicle, the AYRO Vanish. The Vanish will
share no commonality with the legacy 411 platform and will be the product of a supply chain evolution from Asian suppliers to North America. 

We
are registered as a manufacturer in Texas, California, Colorado, Louisiana, Florida and Arizona. 

Pollution
Control Costs 

We
are required to comply with stationary source air pollution, water pollution, and hazardous waste control standards that are now in effect
or are scheduled to come into effect with respect to our manufacturing operations. 

Research
and Development 

Our
product development and engineering efforts align with the Society of Automotive Engineering SAE J2258_201611 standards
for Light Utility Vehicles. The J2258 standard provides key compliance criteria for Gross Vehicle Weight Rating GVWR ),
occupant protection and safety restraint systems, lateral and longitudinal stability, center of gravity and operating controls, among
others. Our test validation and inspection standards follow Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards FMVSS 49 CFR 571.500
for LSVs with the additions of SAE J585 and FMVSS 111 for rear visibility, lighting, signaling, reflectors, changes in direction of movement,
back-up camera response timing and field of view. 

Our
development standards and test compliance validation processes are supported by a variety of test documentation, including supplier self-reporting,
third party laboratory test reports and regional compliance validation with CARB for speed, range and environmental performance. 

13 

Our
production system follows a lean, cell-based manufacturing model. The process involves the following five sequential cells: (1) cab preparation,
(2) chassis preparation, (3) system integration and testing, (4) final assembly and integration test, and (5) quality assurance and FMVSS
Compliance. Assembly quality and shift efficiency metrics are measured daily by our production staff at the end of every shift. 

We
maintain a certification and compliance checklist for each vehicle. Our vehicles use an automotive style steering wheel, turn signal
stalk, headlight, running light and reverse light controls, a multi-speed windshield wiper and washer, and an accelerator and brake pedal
consistent with controls employed in standard passenger cars. 

Segment
Information 

We
operate as one reportable segment, which is the design, development, manufacturing and sales of electric vehicles. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 44 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we maintain good relations
with our employees. We have not furloughed employees due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In an effort to attract and retain quality employees,
we offer industry-standard compensation and benefits packages to our employees and prospective employees. 

Geographic
Areas 

We
operate in the United States, and all our revenue was generated in the United States during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 900 E. Old Settlers Blvd, Round Rock, Texas 78664. Our phone number is 512-994-4917. Our website
address is www.ayro.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this
Annual Report. We currently lease approximately 23,927 square feet of office and warehouse space under a lease that expires on February
28, 2027. 

Available
Information 

We
are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in Current Reports on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet
website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. We also make available, free of charge, our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports on our website at www.ayro.com
as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other information is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

14 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including
but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause our actual financial condition
and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these
factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price.
The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factor Summary. 
These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may be acquired by a third party. 

Pursuant
to a five-year Master Procurement Agreement with Club Car (the MPA ), we granted Club Car a right of first refusal for sales
of 51 or more of AYRO Operating s assets or equity interests, which right of first refusal is exercisable for a period of 45 days
following delivery of an acquisition notice to Club Car. 

We
have a history of losses and have never been profitable. We expect to incur additional losses in the future and may never be profitable. 

We
have never been profitable or generated positive cash flow from our operations. We have incurred a net loss in each year since our inception
in 2016 and have generated limited revenues since inception, principally as a result of our investments in building infrastructure in
support of our manufacturing and business operations and plans for growth. We experienced net losses of approximately 22.9 million and
 33.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of
approximately 81.1 million. We may incur significant additional losses as we continue to focus our resources on scaling up our operations
for growth and incur significant future expenditures for research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative
expenses, capital expenses and working capital fluctuations. 

Our
ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends mainly upon our ability, alone or with others, to successfully market our
products to meet the market demand and maintain compliance with the rules, regulations and laws of federal, state, local and international
governmental bodies. We may be unable to achieve any or all of these goals with regard to our products. Our future vehicle roadmap requires
significant investment prior to commercial introduction, but these vehicles may never be successfully designed, engineered, manufactured
or sold. Moreover, scaling up of our operations, launching additional products and expanding our sales territories will require significant
additional investment. We will continue to incur losses until such time that our vehicle sales volume supports our underlying overhead
costs. As a result, we may never be profitable or achieve significant and/or sustained revenues. Even if we are successful in generating
revenue and increasing our customer base, we may not become profitable in the future or may be unable to maintain any profitability achieved
if we fail to increase our revenue and manage our operating expenses or if we incur unanticipated liabilities. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

As
previously reported, on October 3, 2022, we received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s
common stock for the 30 consecutive business day period between August 19, 2022 and September 30, 2022, we did not meet the minimum bid
price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In order
to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement, our common stock must maintain a minimum closing bid price of
 1.00 for at least ten consecutive business days during the Compliance Period. In the event that we do not regain compliance by the end
of the Compliance Period, we may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance. To qualify, we will be required to meet the continued
listing requirement for the market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market,
with the exception of the bid price requirement, and will need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during
the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we meet these requirements, we may be granted an additional
180 calendar days to regain compliance. However, if it appears to Nasdaq that we will be unable to cure the deficiency, or if we are
not otherwise eligible for the additional cure period, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting. 

To
resolve the noncompliance, we may consider available options including a reverse stock split, which may not result in a permanent increase
in the market price of our common stock, which is dependent on many factors, including general economic, market and industry conditions
and other factors detailed from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC. It is not uncommon for the market price of a company s
shares to decline in the period following a reverse stock split. 

Although
we expect to take actions intended to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, we can provide no assurance that any action
taken by us would be successful, or that any such action would stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock.
Should a delisting occur, an investor would likely find it significantly more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations
as to the value of our common stock, and our ability to raise future capital through the sale of our common stock could be severely limited. 

15 

If
the MPA is terminated, we will need to identify new strategic channel partners to support the sales of our vehicles. 

The
majority of our sales have historically been comprised of sales to Club Car pursuant to the MPA. We are evaluating our relationship
with Club Car and currently do not expect them to remain a customer going forward. If the MPA is terminated, we will need to identify new strategic channel
partners to support the sales of our vehicles. It may take time to identify and add these partners and to train new personnel to market
and support our vehicles. We may be unable to identify suitable partners, or such partners may not successfully market and sell our vehicles
and may not devote sufficient time and resources to enable our vehicles to develop, achieve or sustain market acceptance. Failure to
enter into arrangements with and retain a sufficient number of high-quality strategic channel partners could increase our marketing costs,
adversely impact buying and inventory patterns, payment terms or other contractual terms, sell-through or delivery of our vehicles or
curtail our routes-to-market, and could have a material adverse effect on our prospects, business, financial condition or results of
operations. Club Car is not expected to be a customer in 2023. 

We
rely upon a single third-party supplier and manufacturer located in Canada for certain sub-assembly and assembly parts for the Vanish.
Any disruption in the operations of this third-party supplier could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

As
part of our strategy to minimize our capital expenditures on manufacturing infrastructure, we currently rely on Linamar for certain sub-assembly
and assembly parts for the Vanish. Our dependence on a single supplier and manufacturer for the Products and the challenges we may face
in obtaining adequate supplies required to assemble our vehicles, involve several risks, including limited control over pricing, availability,
quality and delivery schedules. 

We
cannot be certain that Linamar will continue to provide us with the quantities of the Products that we require or satisfy our anticipated
specifications and quality requirements. If Linamar experiences unanticipated delays, disruptions or shutdowns or is unable to ship the
Products, replacement or warranty parts for any reason, within or outside of Linamar s control, our manufacturing operations and
customer deliveries would be seriously impacted. Although we believe we could locate alternative suppliers to fulfill our needs, we may
be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms or develop our own
replacements. Any performance failure on the part of Linamar or any other of our significant suppliers could interrupt production of
our vehicles, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If
we lose our exclusive license to manufacture the AYRO 411x model in North America, Cenntro could sell identical or similar products through
other companies or directly to our customers. 

Cenntro,
which has historically been our largest supplier, owns the design of the AYRO 411x model and granted us an exclusive license to manufacture
the AYRO 411 and 411x models for sale in North America, subject to certain minimum purchase requirements. On May 31, 2022, we received
a letter from Cenntro purporting to terminate all agreements and contracts between the Company and Cenntro, which would result in the
termination of our exclusive license. We are in discussions with Cenntro concerning the winding up of our relationship with Cenntro.
We have canceled all purchase orders and future builds with Cenntro and currently intend to only order replacement parts for vehicles
from Cenntro in the future. We expect to lose our exclusive license. If we lose our exclusive license, Cenntro could sell identical or
similar products through other companies or directly to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Since
the expiration of the Karma Agreement in September 2022, we have assembled all vehicles at our own facilities, and we intend to continue
doing so in the future. We may be unable to replace this lost manufacturing capacity on a timely and cost-effective basis, which could
adversely impact our operations and ability to meet delivery timelines. 

Prior
to the expiration of the Karma Agreement in September 2022, we depended on Karma for a significant portion of our vehicle assembly operations.
Since the expiration of the Karma Agreement, we have assembled all vehicles at our own facilities, and intend to continue doing so in
the future. We may be unable to replace this lost manufacturing capacity on a timely and cost-effective basis, which could adversely
impact our operations and ability to meet delivery timelines. 

We
do not know whether we will be able to develop efficient, automated, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes that will enable
us to meet the quality, price, engineering, design and manufacturing standards, as well as the manufacturing volumes, required to successfully
mass market our vehicles. Even if we are successful in developing high-volume manufacturing capability and processes, we do not know
whether we will be able to do so in a manner that avoids significant delays and cost overruns, including as a result of factors beyond
our control such as problems with suppliers and vendors or force majeure events, meets our product commercialization and manufacturing
schedules and satisfies the requirements of customers and potential customers. 

If
we are unable to develop such manufacturing capabilities and processes, we may need to find a third party manufacturer, which may not
be cost-effective and could expose us to a number of additional risks that are outside our control, including: 

unexpected
 increases in manufacturing costs; 

interruptions
 in shipments if a third-party contract manufacturing partner is unable to complete production in a timely manner; 

reduced
 control over delivery schedules; 

reduced
 control over manufacturing levels and our ability to meet minimum volume commitments to our customers; 

reduced
 control over manufacturing yield; and 

reduced
 control over manufacturing capacity. 

If
we or a manufacturing partner were to experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in manufacturing
operations, product shipments could be delayed or rejected, and our customers could consequently elect to change product demand. These
disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, competitive position and reputation. 

The
market for our products is developing and may not develop as expected. 

The
market for our electric vehicles is developing and may not develop as expected. The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively
new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving multi-level
government regulations and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and changing consumer demands and behaviors. The electric
vehicle market is in its early stage where many standards and best practices have not been established or are constantly evolving, and
it may take many years for the market to fully mature. 

16 

We
believe our future success will depend in large part on our ability to quickly and efficiently adapt to both the market demand for products
and features, as well as adapt to newly created statutory laws at federal, state, local and international levels. Due to the nature of
the electronic vehicle market still in development, it is difficult to predict the demands for our electric vehicles and ancillary services
and products, as well as the size and growth rate for this market, the entry of competitive products, or the success of existing competitive
products. If a meaningful market for our vehicles does not develop, we will not be successful. 

We
are currently evaluating our product development strategy, which may result in significant changes and have a material impact on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In
connection with the hiring of our current Chief Executive Officer, we are currently undertaking a strategic review of our product development
strategy. This process may result in us modifying or discontinuing current or planned products, reallocating time and resources among
existing products, exploring new products or making other operational changes, including adjusting our reliance on internal and external
resources. Any decisions on advancing, reprioritizing or eliminating any of our products will be based on an evaluation of a number of
factors, including our assessment of internal and external resources, the potential market for such products, the costs and complexities
of manufacturing, the potential of competing products, as well as the likelihood of any challenges to our intellectual property, regardless
of merit. Additionally, as of December 20, 2022 we completed pre-production on the new AYRO Vanish, including updates on our supply chain
evolution, the offshoring/onshoring mix, our manufacturing strategy, and our annual model year refresh program. 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely impacted by public health epidemics, including
COVID-19. 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted if a public health epidemic, including the
recent coronavirus outbreak, interferes with our ability, or the ability of our employees, workers, contractors, suppliers and other
business partners to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business. A public
health epidemic, including the coronavirus, poses the risk of disruptions from the temporary closure of third-party suppliers and manufacturers,
restrictions on our employees and other service providers ability to travel, the decreased willingness or ability of our
customers to test drive or purchase our vehicles and shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. Our business,
results of operations and financial condition have been adversely impacted by the former coronavirus outbreak both in China and the United
States. This has delayed our ability to timely procure raw materials from our supplier in China, which, in turn, has delayed shipments
to and corresponding revenue from customers. The pandemic and social distancing directives have interfered with our ability, or the ability
of our employees, workers, contractors, suppliers and other business partners, to perform our and their respective responsibilities and
obligations relative to the conduct of our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has posed restrictions on our employees and other service
providers ability to travel on pre-sales meetings, customers abilities to physically meet with our employees and the ability
of our customers to test drive or purchase our vehicles and shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities.
The extent to which the coronavirus may continue to impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain
the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. 

If
disruptions in our transportation network continue to occur or our shipping costs continue to increase, we may be unable to sell or timely
deliver our products, and our gross margin could decrease. 

A
majority of our raw materials have historically been shipped via container from overseas vendors in China, such as Cenntro, which has
historically been our largest supplier. Although we have reduced our reliance on offshore suppliers by primarily sourcing components
for the Vanish from vendors in North America and Europe, our vendors may be reliant on offshore suppliers. We rely heavily on third parties,
including ocean carriers and truckers, in that process. The global shipping industry recently experienced a shortage of shipping capacity,
trucking shortages, increased ocean shipping rates and increased trucking and fuel costs. As a result, our receipt of imported products
has been, and may continue to be, disrupted or delayed. 

We
recently experienced business disruptions due to multiple factors brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as supply and demand imbalance,
a shortage of warehouse workers, truck drivers, transport equipment (tractors and trailers) and other causes, which have resulted in
heightened congestion, bottlenecks and gridlock, leading to abnormally high transportation delays. This has materially and adversely
affected our business and financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and could continue to materially and adversely
affect our business and financial results throughout 2023. If significant disruptions along these lines continue, this could lead to
further significant disruptions in our business, delays in shipments to us and our vendors, and revenue and profitability shortfalls,
which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

The
global shipping industry is also experiencing unprecedented increases in shipping rates from the trans-Pacific ocean carriers due to
various factors, including limited availability of shipping capacity. We may find it necessary to rely on an increasingly expensive spot
market and other alternative sources to make up any shortfall in shipping needs. Additionally, if increases in fuel prices occur, our
transportation costs would likely further increase. Similarly, supply chain disruptions such as those described in the preceding paragraphs
may lead to an increase in transportation costs. Such cost increases have adversely affected our business and could have additional adverse
effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

17 

Our
limited operating history makes evaluating our business and prospects difficult and may increase the risk of any investment in our securities. 

Our
limited operating history makes evaluating our business and prospects difficult and may increase the risk of investment. Our operating
results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes it difficult to predict our future operating
results. Any substantial adjustment to overhead expenses to account for lower levels of sales is difficult and takes time, thus we may
not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for a shortfall in net sales, and even a small shortfall in net sales could
disproportionately and adversely affect our operating margin and operating results for a given period. 

Our
operating results may also fluctuate due to a variety of other factors, many of which are outside our control, including the changing
and volatile local, national, and international economic environments. Besides the other risks in this Risk Factors section,
factors that may affect our operations include: 

fluctuations
 in demand for our products; 

the
 inherent complexity, length, and associated unpredictability of product development windows and product lifecycles; 

changes
 in customers budgets for technology purchases and delays in their purchasing cycles; 

changes
 in customer preferences; 

changing
 market conditions; 

any
 significant changes in the competitive dynamics of our markets, including new entrants or further consolidation; 

our
 ability to continue to broaden our customer and dealer base beyond our traditional customers and dealers; 

our
 ability to broaden our geographical markets; 

the
 timing of product releases or upgrades by us or our competitors; and 

our
 ability to develop, introduce, and ship in a timely manner new products and product enhancements and anticipate future market demands
 that meet customers requirements. 

Each
of these factors individually, or the cumulative effect of two or more of these factors, could result in large fluctuations in our quarterly
and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and our
operating results for any given period may fall below expectations or our guidance. You should not rely on our past results as an indication
of future performance. 

If
we are unable to effectively implement or manage our growth strategy, our operating results and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our
ability to generate and grow revenue will depend, in part, on our ability to execute our business plan, expand our business model and
develop new products in a timely manner. As part of our growth strategy, we may modify our distribution channels, engage in strategic
transactions with third parties to access additional sales and distribution channels, accelerate product adoption for particular vertical
markets, open new manufacturing, research or engineering facilities or expand our existing facilities. We also plan to add additional
product lines and expand our businesses into new geographical markets. There is a range of risks inherent in such a strategy that could
adversely affect our ability to successfully achieve these objectives, including, but not limited to, the following: 

the
 potential failure to successfully operate our dealer-distribution channels; 

18 

an
 inability to attract and retain customers, employees, suppliers and/or marketing partners; 

the
 uncertainty that we may not be able to generate, anticipate or meet consumer demand; 

the
 potential disruption of our business; 

the
 increased scope and complexity of our operations could require significant attention from management and impose constraints on our
 operations or other projects; 

inconsistencies
 between our standards, procedures and policies and those of new points of sale or dealerships, and costs or inefficiencies associated
 with the integration of our operational and administrative systems, if necessary; 

unforeseen
 expenses, delays or conditions, including the potential for increased regulatory compliance or other third-party approvals or consents,
 or provisions in contracts with third parties that could limit our flexibility to take certain actions; 

the
 costs of compliance with local laws and regulations and the implementation of compliance processes, as well as the assumption of
 unexpected labilities, litigation, penalties or other enforcement actions; 

the
 uncertainty that new product lines or ancillary services will generate anticipated sales; 

the
 uncertainty that the expanded operations will achieve anticipated operating results; 

the
 difficulty of managing the operations of a larger company; 

the
 difficulty of competing for growth opportunities with companies that have greater financial resources than us; and 

the
 ability of our suppliers to support consumer demand. 

Any
one of these factors could impair our growth strategy, result in delays, increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues
derived from our growth strategy and could adversely impact our prospects, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Developments
in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine may have a materially adverse effect on the demand for
our electric vehicles. 

Significant
developments related to ethanol or compressed natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine or hybrids
may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. For example, types of fuel that
are abundant and relatively inexpensive in North America, such as compressed natural gas, may emerge as consumers preferred alternative
to petroleum-based propulsion. If alternative energy engines or low gasoline prices make existing four-wheeled vehicles with greater
passenger and cargo capacities less expensive to operate, we may not be able to compete with manufacturers of such vehicles. Furthermore,
given the rapidly changing nature of the electric vehicle market, there can be no assurance that our vehicles and technology will not
be rendered obsolete by alternative or competing technologies. Any material change in the existing technologies may cause delays in our
development and introduction of new or upgraded vehicles, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our vehicles, decreased
revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. 

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries. We currently face
competition from new and established domestic and international competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future,
including competition from companies with new technology. 

We
face significant competition, and there is no assurance that our vehicles will be successful in the respective markets in which they
compete. The worldwide vehicle market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will
become even more so in the future. Established automobile manufacturers such as General Motors, Ford, Nissan and Toyota, as well as other
newer companies such as Tesla, Arcimoto and Electrameccanica, have entered or are reported to have plans to enter the alternative fuel
vehicle market, including hybrid, plug-in hybrid and fully electric vehicles. In some cases, such competitors have announced an intention
to now or at some point in the future produce electric vehicles exclusively. 

As
the LSEV market grows increasingly saturated, we expect to experience significant competition. The most competitive companies in the
global LSEV market include HDK Electric Vehicles, Bradshaw Electric Vehicles, Textron Inc., Polaris Industries, Yamaha Motors Co. Ltd.,
Ingersoll Rand, Inc., Speedway Electric, AGT Electric Cars, Bintelli Electric Vehicles and Ligier Group. Many of our existing or potential
competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than us, and significantly greater experience in manufacturing,
designing and selling electric vehicles, as well as in clearing regulatory requirements for those vehicles in the United States and in
foreign countries. Many of our current and potential future competitors also have significantly more experience designing, building and
selling electric vehicles at the commercial, or fleet, scale. Large automobile or equipment manufacturers with greater purchasing power
allow them to acquire raw materials at a much lower cost. Additionally, the large traditional manufacturer has more ready access to efficient
design, testing and service facilities. We do not have the company history, facilities or capital to properly compete with large traditional
manufacturers should they decide to enter our market. Mergers and acquisitions in the electric vehicle market could result in even more
resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. 

Increased
competition could result in lower vehicle unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share,
which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Additionally, industry overcapacity has resulted
in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share. These incentives historically
have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and other incentives. As a result, we are not
necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher costs. Continuation of or increased excess capacity could have a substantial adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

New
entrants seeking to gain market share by introducing new technology, attractive feature sets, new products and development of longer-life
power packs may make it more difficult for us to sell our vehicles and earn design wins which could create increased pricing pressure,
reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, or the loss of market share or expected market share, any of which may
significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

A
significant portion of our revenues is derived from a single customer. The anticipated loss of this customer could cause our sales to decrease significantly. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from Club Car constituted approximately 100 of our revenues as compared to 79 in 2021. Club
Car is not expected to be a customer in 2023. The anticipated loss of Club Car as a customer, or any significant reduction in purchases by Club Car, could have
a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
future growth depends on customers willingness to adopt electric vehicles. 

If
there is lower market demand for our electric vehicles than we expect in the target markets, which include universities, food delivery
services, last mile delivery service, municipalities and on-road and personal transportation, our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results will be negatively impacted. Potential customers may be reluctant to adopt electric vehicles as an alternative
to traditional internal combustion engine vehicles or other electric vehicles due to various factors, which include but are not limited
to: 

perceptions
 or negative publicity about electric vehicle quality, dependability, safety, stability of lithium-ion battery packs, utility, performance
 and cost regarding our vehicles or electric vehicles sold by other manufacturers, especially if accidents or certain events create
 a negative public perception; 

local,
 regional, national and international investment in charging infrastructure, standardization of electric vehicle charging systems
 and cost of charging that may impact adaptability for the overall electric vehicle market; 

the
 limited range of the vehicle on a single battery charge cycle; 

the
 impact of driving habits and terrain on the battery life, especially the differences with internal combustion engines; 

the
 deterioration rate of the battery packs, which are impacted by many external factors, including, but not limited to, overall life,
 environmental conditions, dormant time, the number of lifetime charge cycles and these factors impacts on the batteries 
 ability to maintain an adequate charge; 

the
 access to knowledgeable service locations to support our electric vehicles; 

the
 price of alternative fuel sources, such as gasoline, as an alternative to the cost of charging electricity; and 

the
 availability of governmental incentives, including tax deductions and credits offered to consumers for purchasing and using electric
 vehicles. 

Any
of the above factors may hinder widespread adoption of electric vehicles and influence prospective customers and dealers to decide not
to purchase our electric vehicles. Such issues would have an adverse material effect on our consolidated financial statements of operations,
financial conditions, ability to develop strategic partnerships and ability to raise additional funding. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic
may negatively impact the transportation and automotive industries and consumer behavior long-term. 

We
may experience lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our current models and the vehicles in development. 

 Our
projected growth depends upon the end-consumers mass adoption of our purpose-built electric vehicles. Although we have conducted
some market research regarding our electric vehicles we currently sell or are developing, many factors both within and outside our control
affect the success of our vehicles in the marketplace. At this time, it is difficult to measure consumers willingness to adopt
purpose-built electric vehicles, particularly two-passenger electric vehicles. Offering fuel-efficient vehicles that consumers want and
value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but vehicles that are perceived to be less desirable
(whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. For example, if
a new vehicle encountered quality issues at the time of launch, the vehicle s perceived quality could be affected even after the
issues had been corrected, resulting in lower than anticipated sales volumes, market share, and profitability. Moreover, if a new vehicle
is not accepted by consumers based on size, styling, or other attributes, we would experience lower than anticipated sales volumes, market
share, and profitability. If our vehicles are not adopted or there is a reduction in demand for our products caused by a lack of customer
acceptance, a slowdown in demand for electronic transportation solutions, battery safety concerns, technological challenges, battery
life issues, competing technologies and products, decreases in discretionary spending, weakening economic conditions, or otherwise, the
reduction in demand could result in reduced customer orders, early order cancellations, the loss of customers, or decreased sales, any
of which would adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

20 

If
we are unable to manage our growth and expand our operations successfully, our business and operating results will be harmed, and our
reputation may be damaged. 

We
have been expanding our operations significantly since our inception and anticipate that further significant expansion will be required
to achieve our business objectives. The growth and expansion of our business and product offerings places a continuous and significant
strain on our management, operational and financial resources. Any such future growth would also add complexity to and require effective
coordination throughout our organization. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion
and growth successfully. Risks that we face in undertaking this expansion include: 

establishing
 sufficient sales, service and service facilities in a timely manner; 

forecasting
 production and revenue; 

training
 new personnel; 

controlling
 expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; 

establishing
 or expanding design, manufacturing, sales and service facilities; 

implementing
 and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes; 

addressing
 new markets; 

expanding
 operations and finding and hiring a significant number of additional personnel, including manufacturing personnel, design personnel,
 engineers and service technicians; and 

securing
 sub-assemblies and other raw materials from our suppliers to support growth. 

In
this regard, we will be required to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting procedures,
and we may not be able to successfully implement improvements to these systems and processes in a timely or efficient manner, which could
result in additional operating inefficiencies and could cause our costs to increase more than planned. If we do increase our operating
expenses in anticipation of the growth of our business and this growth does not meet our expectations, our operating results and gross
margin will be negatively impacted. If we are unable to manage future expansion, our ability to provide high quality products could be
harmed, damage our reputation and brand, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If
we fail to include key feature sets relative to the target markets for our electric vehicles, our business will be harmed. 

Achieving
design wins to support the needs of our target markets is an important success factor for our business. In order to achieve design wins,
we must: 

anticipate
 the features and functionality that OEMs, customers and consumers will demand; 

successfully
 incorporate those features and functionalities into products that meet the exacting design requirements of our customers; and 

price
 our products competitively. 

Failure
to maintain our expertise and inability to deliver custom, specific design systems could harm our business. 

21 

Unanticipated
changes in industry standards could render our vehicles incompatible with such standards and adversely affect our business. 

The
emergence of new industry standards and technical requirements could render our vehicles incompatible with vehicles developed by competitors
or make it difficult for our products to meet the requirements of our end-customers. Moreover, the introduction of new industry standards,
or changes to existing industry standards, could cause us to incur substantial development costs to adapt to these new or changed standards,
particularly if we were to achieve, or be perceived as likely to achieve, greater penetration in the marketplace. If our vehicles are
not in compliance with prevailing industry standards and technical requirements for a significant period of time, we could miss opportunities
to achieve crucial design wins, our revenue may decline, and we may incur significant expenses to redesign our vehicles to meet the relevant
standards, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to identify additional market opportunities and develop and successfully introduce new and enhanced
products that address such markets and meet the needs of customers in such markets. 

We
may not be able to successfully develop new electric vehicles, address new market segments or develop a broader customer base. We currently
sell one four-wheeled truck, service parts, and payload options from which all our revenues are derived. Our future success will be dependent
on our ability to address additional markets, anticipate our existing and prospective customers needs and develop new vehicle
models that meet those needs. We will have to incorporate the latest technological improvements and enhancements into our future vehicles
to be able to compete in the rapidly evolving electric vehicle industry and the target markets. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to design future models of vehicles, or develop future services, that will meet the expectations of our customers or address
market demands, or that our future models will achieve market acceptance or become commercially viable. 

In
order to introduce new products and product enhancements, we will have to coordinate with our suppliers and other third parties to design
a new model or an enhanced version of an existing model that offer features desired by our customers and a level of performance, functionality,
or cost-effectiveness superior to the vehicles offered by our competitors. If we fail to coordinate these efforts and achieve market
introduction and acceptance of new or upgraded vehicle models that address the needs of our customers in a timely manner, our operating
results will be materially and adversely affected, and our business and prospects will be harmed. 

Furthermore,
we will need to address additional markets and expand our customer demographic to further grow our business. Our failure to address additional
market opportunities could materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

22 

Unforeseen
or recurring operational problems at our facilities, or a catastrophic loss of our manufacturing facilities, may cause significant lost
or delayed production and adversely affect our results operations. 

We
import sub-assemblies from Linamar and perform final assembly, testing and safety qualifications in our facility in Round Rock, Texas
in an assembly line process. Our manufacturing process could be affected by operational problems that could impair our production capability
and the timeframes within which we expect to produce our vehicles. Disruptions or shutdowns at our assembly facility could be caused
by 

maintenance
 outages to conduct maintenance activities that cannot be performed safely during operations; 

pandemics,
 including the COVID-19 pandemic, and related governmental responses that may restrict our ability to operate; 

prolonged
 power failures or reductions; 

breakdown,
 failure or substandard performance of any of our machines or other equipment; 

noncompliance
 with, and liabilities related to, environmental requirements or permits; 

disruptions
 in the transportation infrastructure, including railroad tracks, bridges, tunnels or roads; 

fires,
 floods, snow or ice storms, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, microbursts or other catastrophic disasters, national emergencies,
 political unrest, economic sanctions, war or terrorist activities; 

other
 operational problems; or 

availability
 of parts, including both batteries and semiconductors, which are used to produce many components of our vehicles. 

If
our manufacturing facility is compromised or shut down, we may experience prolonged startup periods, regardless of the reason for the
compromise or shutdown. Those startup periods could range from several days to several weeks or longer, depending on the reason for the
compromise or shutdown and other factors. Any disruption in operations at our facility could cause a significant loss of production,
delays in our ability to produce our vehicles and adversely affect our results of operations and negatively impact our customers. Further,
a catastrophic event could result in the loss of the use of all or a portion of our manufacturing facility. Although we carry property
insurance, our coverage may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. Any of these events individually or in the
aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully
defend or insure against such claims. 

We
may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.
The automobile industry experiences significant product liability claims, and we face an inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event
our vehicles do not perform as expected or malfunction resulting in personal injury or death. Our risks in this area are particularly
pronounced given that our vehicles have a limited commercial history. A successful product liability claim against us that exceeds our
product liability insurance limits could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate
substantial negative publicity about our vehicles and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of other future vehicles, which
would have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. We maintain product liability insurance
for all of our vehicles with annual limits of 10.0 million on a claims-made basis, but any such insurance might not be sufficient to
cover all potential product liability claims. Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages either in excess of our coverage, or outside
of our coverage, may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. We may not be able to secure
additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if
we do face liability for our vehicles and are forced to make a claim under our policy. 

23 

If
our vehicles fail to perform as expected due to defects, our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be seriously
harmed. 

Our
vehicles have in the past and may in the future contain defects in design and manufacturing that may cause them not to perform as expected
or that may require repair, including a result of defective parts received from our former supplier. The discovery of defects in our vehicles would
result in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, reputational damage, or increased warranty costs that may negatively affect
our business. Moreover, if one of our vehicles is a cause, or perceived to be the cause, of injury or death to an operator, passenger
or bystander, we would likely be subject to a claim. If we were found responsible, we could incur substantial liability which could interrupt
or even cause us to terminate some or all of our operations. 

Meeting
or exceeding many government-mandated safety standards is costly and often technologically challenging. Government safety standards also
require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to
recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. The costs of recall campaigns or warranty costs
to remedy such defects in vehicles that have been sold could be substantial. Further, adverse publicity surrounding actual or alleged
safety-related or other defects could damage our reputation and confidence in our vehicles, which would adversely affect sales of our
vehicles. 

We
depend on key personnel to operate our business, and the loss of one or more members of our management team, or our failure to attract,
integrate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business. 

We
believe our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, technical, finance
and sales and marketing personnel. We have only one line of business and are highly dependent upon the continued service of our key executive
officers and other employees. The loss of and failure to replace key management and personnel could have a serious adverse effect on
sales bookings, strategic relationships, manufacturing operations, order fulfilment and customer service, and may adversely impact the
achievement of our objectives. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management may terminate their employment
with us at any time. Although we have written employment agreements with our executive officers, these employment agreements do not bind
these executives for any specific term and allow executive officers to leave at any time, for any reason, with or without cause. We do
not maintain any key-man insurance policies on any of the key employees nor do we intend to obtain such insurance. 

Recruiting
and retaining qualified employees, consultants, and advisors for our business, including sales or technical personnel, is crucial to
continue to execute our growth strategy. Because the pool of qualified personnel with engineering or manufacturing experience and/or
experience working in the electric vehicle market is limited overall, recruitment and retention of senior management and skilled technical,
sales and other personnel is very competitive. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources
than us. We are also at a disadvantage in recruiting and retaining key personnel, as our small size and limited resources may be viewed
as providing a less stable environment with fewer opportunities than would be offered at one of our larger competitors. As a result,
we may not be successful in either attracting or retaining such personnel and/or on acceptable terms given the competition and may be
required to increase the level of compensation paid to existing and new employees, which could materially increase our operating expenses.
In addition, failure to succeed in expansion of our operations may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 

Transitioning
from an offshoring to an onshoring business model carries risks. 

We
are in the process of transitioning from a supply chain that is heavily reliant on Chinese imports to a supply chain that relies primarily
upon North American and European sources. If our new materials suppliers are not managed properly to support vehicle demand, our results
of operations and working capital can be adversely affected. If we are unable to implement our business plans in the timeframe estimated
by management and successfully transition into a mass-producing electric vehicle manufacturing business, we will not be able to scale
up our operations to generate greater profit. As a result, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition will be
negatively impacted and our ability to grow our business will be harmed. 

Furthermore,
as the scale of our vehicle production increases, we will need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport to our manufacturing
facilities components at much higher volumes than we have done in the past. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities
of component purchases to our actual production plans or capabilities, or successfully implement automation, inventory management and
other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain, we may have to incur unexpected storage, transportation and
write-off costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

24 

We
currently have limited electric vehicles marketing and sales experience, and if we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities
or enter into dealer agreements to market and sell our vehicles, we may be unable to generate any revenue. 

We
have limited experience selling and marketing our vehicles, and we currently have minimal marketing or sales organization. To successfully
expand our operations, we will need to invest in and develop these capabilities, either on our own or with others, which would be expensive,
difficult and time consuming. Any failure or delay in the timely development of our internal sales and marketing capabilities could adversely
impact the potential for success of our products. 

Further,
given our lack of prior experience in marketing and selling electric vehicles, we rely on third-party dealers to market our vehicles.
If these dealers do not commit sufficient resources to market our vehicles and we are unable to develop the necessary marketing and sales
capabilities on our own, including developing a direct sales channel with our end-customers, we will be unable to generate sufficient
revenue from the sale of our vehicles to sustain or grow our business. We may be competing with companies that currently have extensive
and well-funded marketing and sales operations, particularly in the markets we are targeting. Without appropriate capabilities, whether
directly or through third-party dealerships, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 

Failure
to maintain the strength and value of our brand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our
success depends, in part, on the value and strength of our brand. Maintaining, enhancing, promoting and positioning our brand, particularly
in new markets where we have limited brand recognition, will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts
and our ability to provide high-quality services, warranty plans, products and resources and a consistent, high-quality customer experience.
Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, if we fail to comply with laws and regulations, if we are
subject to publicized litigation or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. Some of these risks
may be beyond our ability to control, such as the effects of negative publicity regarding our suppliers or third-party providers of services
or other electric transportation companies or their products or negative publicity related to members of management. Any of these events
could hurt our image, resulting in reduced demand for our products and a decrease in sales. Further, maintaining, enhancing, promoting
and positioning our brands images may require us to make substantial investments in marketing and employee training, which could
adversely affect our cash flow, and which may ultimately be unsuccessful. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The
range of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines over time, which may negatively influence potential customers decisions
whether to purchase our vehicles. 

The
range of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines principally as a function of usage, time and charging patterns. For example,
a customer s use of their vehicle, as well as the frequency with which they charge the battery of their vehicle, can result in
additional deterioration of the battery s ability to hold a charge. Additionally, over time, a battery s ability to hold
its initial charge will degrade. While expected in electric vehicle applications, such battery deterioration and the related decrease
in range may negatively influence potential customer decisions as to whether to purchase our vehicles, which may harm our ability to
market and sell our vehicles. 

We
offer a product warranty to cover defective products at no cost to the customer. An unexpected change in failure rates of our products
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
offer product warranties that generally extend for two years from date of sale that require us to repair or replace defective products
returned by the customer during the warranty period at no cost to the customer. While defects in the individual parts for our vehicles
are currently reimbursed by our supply chain, warranty labor is our responsibility. We record an estimate for anticipated warranty-related
costs at the time of sale based on historical and estimated future product return rates and expected repair or replacement costs. While
such costs and failure rates have historically been within management s expectations and the provisions established and we receive
warranty coverage from our vendors, unexpected changes in failure rates could have a material adverse impact on our business requiring
additional warranty reserves. These failures could adversely impact our operating results. 

25 

Increases
in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, including but not limited to lithium-ion battery cells, chipsets and displays,
could harm our business 

We
may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials, including lithium-ion battery
cells, semiconductors, and integrated circuits. Any such increase or supply interruption could materially negatively impact our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. Currently, we are experiencing supply chain shortages, including with respect to
lithium-ion battery cells, integrated circuits, vehicle control chips, and displays. Certain production-ready components such as chipsets
and displays may be delayed en route to our facilities, which has and may continue to cause delays in validation and testing for these
components, which would in turn create a delay in the availability of saleable vehicles. 

We
use various raw materials, including aluminum, steel, carbon fiber, non-ferrous metals (such as copper), and cobalt. The prices for these
raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions, and global demand, and could adversely affect our business and operating results.
For instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to price fluctuations for lithium-ion cells. These risks include: 

the
 inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers
 of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth of the electric vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases; 

disruption
 in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery cell manufacturers; and 

an
 increase in the cost of raw materials, such as cobalt, used in lithium-ion cells. 

Any
disruption in the supply of lithium-ion battery cells, semiconductors, or integrated circuits could temporarily disrupt production of
our vehicles until a different supplier is fully qualified. Moreover, battery cell manufacturers may refuse to supply electric vehicle
manufacturers if they determine that the vehicles are not sufficiently safe. Furthermore, fluctuations or shortages in petroleum and
other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. Substantial increases
in the prices for our raw materials would increase our operating costs and could reduce our margins if the increased costs cannot be
recouped through increased electric vehicle prices. There can be no assurance that we will be able to recoup increasing costs of raw
materials by increasing vehicle prices. 

Customer
financing and insuring our vehicles may prove difficult because retail lenders are unfamiliar with our vehicles and our vehicles have
a limited loss history determining residual values within the insurance industry. 

Retail
lenders are unfamiliar with our vehicles and may be hesitant to provide financing to our customers. Our vehicles do not have a loss history
in the insurance industry, which may cause our customers difficulty in securing insurance coverage. 

Our
electric vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which, if not appropriately managed and controlled, have occasionally been observed
to catch fire or vent smoke and flames. If such events occur in our electric vehicles, we could face liability associated with our warranty,
for damage or injury, adverse publicity and a potential safety recall, any of which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. 

The
battery packs in our electric vehicles use lithium-ion cells. On occasion, if not appropriately managed and controlled, lithium-ion cells
can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials. Highly publicized
incidents of laptop computers and cell phones bursting into flames have focused consumer attention on the safety of these cells. These
events also have raised questions about the suitability of these lithium-ion cells for automotive applications. There can be no assurance
that a field failure of our battery packs will not occur, which could damage the vehicle or lead to personal injury or death and may
subject us to lawsuits. Furthermore, there is some risk of electrocution if individuals who attempt to repair battery packs on our vehicles
do not follow applicable maintenance and repair protocols. Any such damage or injury would likely lead to adverse publicity and potentially
a safety recall. Any such adverse publicity could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

26 

Our
business may be adversely affected by labor and union activities. 

Although
none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, it is common throughout the automobile industry generally for many
employees at automobile companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages.
We rely on other companies in the supply chain with work forces that may or may not be unionized and are thus subject to work stoppages
or strikes organized by such unions, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results.
If a work stoppage occurs within our business, or within that of our key suppliers businesses, it could delay the manufacturing,
sale and shipment of our electric vehicles and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results or financial
condition. 

We
rely on our dealers for the service of our vehicles and have limited experience servicing our vehicles. If we are unable to address the
service requirements of our future customers, our business will be materially and adversely affected. 

Currently,
our vehicles are serviced by the selling dealer. If the dealer is unable to successfully address the service requirements of our customers,
customer confidence in both the vehicles and our brand will erode and our prospects and operating results will be materially and adversely
affected. In addition, we anticipate the level and quality of service the dealers will provide to our customers will have a direct impact
on the success of our future vehicles. If our dealers are unable to satisfactorily service our customers, our ability to generate customer
loyalty, grow our business and sell additional vehicles could be significantly impaired. 

Our
dealers have very limited experience servicing our vehicles. Servicing electric vehicles is different than servicing vehicles with internal
combustion engines and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing techniques. 

If
we fail to deliver vehicles and accessories to market as scheduled, our business will be harmed. 

A
significant amount of our revenue is seasonal. By missing product delivery schedules, we may miss that year s opportunity to bring
and sell a new product to market. Seasonality could be affected by many factors including, but not limited to, governmental fiscal years,
as municipalities tend to order vehicles either at the end of their fiscal year when they know they have funds remaining, and tourist
season for geographically diverse destination fleet operators, as such customers tend to place their entire orders for delivery in time
for the beginning of that season. Any change in fleet replacement timing, average fleet age, or fleet maintenance demands may have a
material impact on the business. 

27 

Failure
in our information technology and storage systems could significantly disrupt the operation of our business. 

Our
ability to execute our business plan and maintain operations depends on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information
technology IT systems. We must routinely update our IT infrastructure and our various IT systems throughout the organization,
or we may not continue to meet our current and future business needs. Modification, upgrade or replacement of such systems may be costly.
Furthermore, IT systems are vulnerable to risks and damages from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures,
malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our and our vendors 
servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite precautionary
measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems, sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our
ability to generate and maintain data could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

We
may be required to raise additional capital to fund our operations, and such funding may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute
our stockholders ownership interests. 

The
design, manufacture, sale and servicing of vehicles is a capital-intensive business, and we may need to raise additional funds to expand
our operations and reach vehicle production goals. At December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 49.8 million. Based
upon our current expectations, we believe that our existing capital resources will enable us to continue planned operations through at
least March 23, 2024. However, we cannot assure you that our plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not result in the
depletion of our capital resources more rapidly than we currently anticipate. If our cash on hand and our sales revenue are not sufficient
to cover our cash requirements, we will need to raise additional capital, whether through the sale of equity or debt securities, the
entry into strategic business collaborations, the establishment of other funding facilities, licensing arrangements, or asset sales or
other means, in order to support our business plan. In addition, we may need to raise additional capital for strategic acquisitions or
transactions. Such additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

Our
ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors, including general market
conditions, performance of our vehicles, market demand for our vehicles and investor acceptance of our business plan. These factors may
make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. If we are unable to obtain additional
financing on a timely basis, we may have to curtail, delay or eliminate our development activities and growth plans, and/or be forced
to sell some or all assets, perhaps on unfavorable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations, and ultimately we could be forced to discontinue our operations and liquidate, in which event it is unlikely
that stockholders would receive any distribution on their shares. Further, we may not be able to continue operating if we do not generate
sufficient revenues from operations to stay in business. 

We
have raised capital in the past primarily through public offerings, as well as debt and private placements of our convertible preferred
stock. We may in the future pursue the sale of additional equity and/or debt securities, or the establishment of other funding facilities
including asset-based borrowings. There can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to raise additional capital through such
an offering on acceptable terms, or at all. Issuances of additional debt or equity securities could impact the rights of the holders
of our common stock and may dilute their ownership percentage. The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions
may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative
securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then outstanding. 

The
terms of debt securities we may have to issue or future borrowings we may have to incur to fund our operations could impose significant
restrictions on our operations. The incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities could result in increased
fixed payment obligations and could also result in restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt
or issue additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights, and other operating restrictions
that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

28 

If
we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish some
rights to our technologies or our products, to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us, or to issue equity instruments that
may be dilutive to our stockholders. 

In
addition, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting
fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial
condition. 

Our
long-term capital requirements are subject to numerous risks. 

Our
long-term capital requirements are expected to depend on many potential factors, including, among others: 

the
 number of vehicles being manufactured and future models in development; 

the
 regulatory compliance and clarity of each of our vehicles; 

the
 progress, success and cost of our development programs, including manufacturing; 

the
 costs of manufacturing, developing sales, marketing and distribution channels; 

the
 costs of enforcing our issued patents and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

our
 ability to successfully grow sales, including securing strategic partner and distribution agreements and favorable pricing and market
 share; and 

our
 consumption of available resources more rapidly than currently anticipated, resulting in the need for additional funding sooner than
 anticipated. 

We
may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses
into our company or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. 

As
part of our business strategy, we may make acquisitions as opportunities arise to add new or complementary businesses, products, brands
or technologies. In some cases, the costs of such acquisitions may be substantial, including as a result of professional fees and due
diligence efforts. There is no assurance that the time and resources expended on pursuing a particular acquisition will result in a completed
transaction, or that any completed transaction will ultimately be successful. In addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition
or strategic investment opportunities or may be unable to obtain any required financing or regulatory approvals, and therefore may be
unable to complete such acquisitions or strategic investments on favorable terms, if at all. We may decide to pursue acquisitions with
which our investors may not agree and we cannot assure investors that any acquisition or investment will be successful or otherwise provide
a favorable return on investment. In addition, acquisitions and the integration thereof require significant time and resources and place
significant demands on our management, as well as on our operational and financial infrastructure. In addition, if we fail to successfully
close transactions or integrate new teams, or integrate the products and technologies associated with these acquisitions into our company,
our business could be seriously harmed. Acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including: 

the
 ability to profitably manage acquired businesses or successfully integrate the acquired businesses operations, personnel,
 financial reporting, accounting and internal controls, technologies and products into our business; 

increased
 indebtedness and the expense of integrating acquired businesses, including significant administrative, operational, economic, geographic
 or cultural challenges in managing and integrating the expanded or combined operations; 

entry
 into jurisdictions or acquisition of products or technologies with which we have limited or no prior experience, and the potential
 of increased competition with new or existing competitors as a result of such acquisitions; 

diversion
 of management s attention and the over-extension of our operating infrastructure and our management systems, information technology
 systems, and internal controls and procedures, which may be inadequate to support growth; 

the
 ability to fund our capital needs and any cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated revenue is not realized or is delayed,
 whether by general economic or market conditions, or unforeseen internal difficulties; and 

the
 ability to retain or hire qualified personnel required for expanded operations. 

29 

Our
acquisition strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. Issuing
shares of our common stock to fund an acquisition would cause economic dilution to existing stockholders. If we develop a reputation
for being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or target companies view our common stock unfavorably, we may
be unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy and our business may be seriously harmed. 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters 

Increased
safety, emissions, fuel economy, or other regulations may result in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions. 

The
motorized vehicle industry is governed by a substantial amount of government regulation, which often differs by state and region. Government
regulation has arisen, and proposals for additional regulation are advanced, primarily out of concern for the environment, vehicle safety,
and energy independence. In addition, many governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements as a means of
creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments. The cost to comply with existing government regulations
is substantial, and future additional regulations could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition. 

Our
vehicles are subject to multi-jurisdictional motor vehicle standards. 

All
vehicles sold must comply with federal, state and country-specific motor vehicle safety standards. Rigorous testing and the use of approved
materials and equipment are among the requirements for achieving federal certification. Failure of the AYRO Vanish Fleet or future vehicle
models to satisfy motor vehicle standards would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

If
we fail to comply with evolving environmental and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur
costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

We
are subject to numerous environmental and health and safety laws, including statutes, regulations, bylaws and other legal requirements.
These laws relate to the generation, use, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of regulated substances, including hazardous
substances (such as batteries), dangerous goods and waste, emissions or discharges into soil, water and air, including noise and odors
(which could result in remediation obligations), and occupational health and safety matters, including indoor air quality. These legal
requirements vary by location and can arise under federal, provincial, state or municipal laws. Any breach of such laws and/or requirements
would have a material adverse effect on our company and our operating results. 

30 

Changes
in regulations could render our vehicles incompatible with federal, state or local regulations, or use cases. 

Many
governmental standards and regulations relating to safety, fuel economy, emissions control, noise control, vehicle recycling, substances
of concern, vehicle damage, and theft prevention are applicable to new motor vehicles, engines, and equipment manufactured for sale in
the United States, Europe, and elsewhere, including our electric vehicles. In addition, manufacturing and other automotive assembly facilities
in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere are subject to stringent standards regulating air emissions, water discharges, and the handling
and disposal of hazardous substances. Therefore, any unanticipated changes in regulations applicable to our electric vehicles could render
our vehicles incompatible, which may prevent us from selling such vehicles and, as a result, we could lose market share. 

Unusual
or significant litigation, governmental investigations or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in our vehicles, or otherwise,
may derail our business. 

Although
we plan to comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, and other standards, compliance
with governmental standards does not necessarily prevent individual or class action lawsuits, which can entail significant cost and risk.
In certain circumstances, courts may permit tort claims even when our vehicles comply with federal law and/or other applicable law. Furthermore,
simply responding to actual or threatened litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards, whether
related to our vehicles, business or commercial relationships, may require significant expenditures of time and other resources. Litigation
also is inherently uncertain, and we could experience significant adverse results if litigation is ever brought against us. In addition,
adverse publicity surrounding an allegation of a defect, regulatory violation or other matter (with or without corresponding litigation
or governmental investigation) may cause significant reputational harm that could have a significant adverse effect on our sales. 

In
order for us to sell directly to end customers, we are required to comply with state-specific regulations regarding the sale of vehicles
by a manufacturer. 

We
sold approximately 1 of our vehicles directly to our end customers in the year ended December 31, 2022. Going forward, we intend to
focus on leveraging volume sales through dealers; however, we will continue to sell vehicles directly to end customers. Sales to both
dealers and end customers require us to comply with state-specific regulations regarding the sale of vehicles by a manufacturer, including
licensing and registration requirements. State laws that regulate the distribution and sale of motor vehicles by the manufacturer vary,
and ensuring compliance is time-consuming and costly. Moreover, for customers living in states where we are prohibited from selling directly
from within the state, we will have to consummate sales at facilities in a state that allows direct manufacturer-to-consumer sales and
deliver the vehicle to the end user via a common carrier. As such, we may be required to either acquire and maintain a facility in multiple
states, or incur additional costs of delivery of the vehicle, which consequently increases the cost and/or sales price of our vehicles
and makes our vehicles less desirable to end-customers. 

31 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness,
or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future, our business may be harmed. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and
reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
reporting purposes in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States GAAP ). As a public
company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required
to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to furnish annually a report by management on
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and
concluded our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness related
to segregation of duties. Specifically, due to limited resources and headcount we did not have multiple people in the accounting function
for a full segregation of duties. We have taken and continue to take remedial steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting
by hiring additional personnel with added expertise in public company reporting and expect to conclude that the material weakness has
been remediated as these individuals progress through the onboarding process. 

Remediation
efforts place a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial resources and processes. If we are unable
to successfully remediate our existing material weakness or any additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting that may be identified in the future in a timely manner, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely
affected; our liquidity, our access to capital markets, the perceptions of our creditworthiness may be adversely affected; we may be
unable to maintain or regain compliance with applicable securities laws, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market; we may
be subject to regulatory investigations and penalties; investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting; our reputation may be
harmed; and our stock price may decline. 

32 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary designs and intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed. 

Our
ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to obtain patent protection for our designs, products, methods,
processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing on our proprietary rights and
to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We rely on design patents, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality
procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance these protections will be
available in all cases or will be adequate to prevent our competitors from copying, reverse engineering or otherwise obtaining and using
our designs, technology, proprietary rights or products. For example, the laws of certain countries in which our products, components
and sub-assemblies are manufactured or licensed do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 

To
prevent substantial unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement and/or
misappropriation of our trade secrets and/or proprietary rights against third parties. Any such action could result in significant costs
and diversion of our resources and management s attention, and there can be no assurance we will be successful in such action.
Furthermore, our current and potential competitors may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their
intellectual property rights than we do. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing
upon or misappropriating our trade secrets and/or intellectual property. 

In
addition, third parties may seek to challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, or applications
for any of the foregoing. There can be no assurance that our competitors or customers will not independently develop technologies that
are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology or design around our proprietary rights. In each case, our ability to compete
could be significantly impaired. 

We
may need to license intellectual property from third parties in the future. If we fail to obtain licenses we need or fail to comply with
our obligations in agreements under which we license intellectual property and other rights from third parties, we could lose our ability
to manufacture our vehicles. 

We
may need to license intellectual property from third parties in the future for new vehicle models. No assurance can be given that we
will be able to obtain such license or meet our obligations to maintain the licenses we may have to obtain from third parties in the
future. If we were to lose or otherwise be unable to maintain these licenses for any reason, it would halt our ability to manufacture
and sell our vehicles or may prohibit development of our future models, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business
or results of operations. 

33 

In
addition, if we do not own the patents or patent applications that we license, as is the case with the AYRO 411x s patents, we
may need to rely upon our licensors to properly prosecute and maintain those patent applications and prevent infringement of those patents.
If our licensors are unable to adequately protect their proprietary intellectual property we license from legal challenges, or if we
are unable to enforce such licensed intellectual property against infringement or alternative technologies, we will not be able to compete
effectively in the electric vehicle markets we are targeting. 

Many
of our proprietary designs are in digital form, and a breach of our computer systems could result in these designs being stolen. 

If
our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to private or proprietary data is otherwise obtained, our proprietary designs
could be stolen. Because we hold many of these designs in digital form on our servers, there exists an inherent risk that an unauthorized
third party could conduct a security breach resulting in the theft of our proprietary information. While we have taken steps to protect
our proprietary information, because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally
are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate
preventative measures. Any or all of these issues could negatively impact our competitive advantage and our ability to obtain new customers,
thereby adversely affecting our financial results. 

Our
proprietary designs are susceptible to reverse engineering by our competitors. 

Much
of the value of our proprietary rights is derived from our vast library of design specifications. While we consider our design specifications
to be protected by various proprietary, trade secret and intellectual property laws, such information is susceptible to reverse engineering
by our competitors. We may not be able to prevent our competitors from developing competing design specifications, and the cost of enforcing
these rights may be significant. If we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary designs, our financial condition and operating
results could suffer. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary information may be used by others to
compete against us. 

We
consider trade secrets, including confidential and unpatented know-how and designs important to the maintenance of our competitive position.
We protect trade secrets and confidential and unpatented know-how, in part, by customarily entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with parties who have access to such knowledge, such as our employees, outside technical and commercial collaborators, consultants,
advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants that obligate them to maintain confidentiality and assign their inventions to us. Despite these efforts, any of these
parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain
adequate remedies for such breaches. 

34 

Legal
proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement and other challenges may require us to spend substantial time
and money and could harm our business. 

The
vehicle design and manufacturing industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which
has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation for many companies. We may become subject to lawsuits alleging that we have infringed
the intellectual property rights of others. The nature of claims contained in unpublished patent filings around the world is unknown
to us, and it is not possible to know which countries patent holders may choose for the extension of their filings under the Patent Cooperation
Treaty, or other mechanisms. To the extent that we have previously incorporated third-party technology and/or know-how into certain products
for which we do not have sufficient license rights, we could incur substantial litigation costs, be forced to pay substantial damages
or royalties, or even be forced to cease sales in the event any owner of such technology or know-how were to challenge our subsequent
sale of such products (and any progeny thereof). In addition, to the extent that we discover or have discovered third-party patents that
may be applicable to products or processes in development, we may need to take steps to avoid claims of possible infringement, including
obtaining non-infringement or invalidity opinions and, when necessary, re-designing or re-engineering products. However, we cannot assure
you that these precautions will allow us to successfully avoid infringement claims. We may also be subject to claims based on the actions
of employees and consultants with respect to the usage or disclosure of intellectual property learned from other employers. Third parties
may in the future assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us or against our customers or channel partners
for which we may be liable. 

Our
involvement in intellectual property litigation could result in significant expense to us, adversely affect the development of sales
of the challenged product or intellectual property and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not such
litigation is resolved in our favor. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation or defense of intellectual property
litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. In the event of an
adverse outcome in any such litigation, we may, among other things, be required to: 

pay
 substantial damages; 

cease
 the development, manufacture, use, sale or importation of products that infringe upon other patented intellectual
 property; 

expend
 significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing intellectual property; 

discontinue
 processes incorporating infringing technology; or 

obtain
 licenses to the infringing intellectual property, which licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We
are generally obligated to indemnify our sales channel partners, customers, suppliers and contractors for certain expenses and liabilities
resulting from intellectual property infringement claims regarding our products, which could force us to incur substantial costs. 

We
have agreed, and expect to continue to agree, to indemnify our sales channel partners and customers for certain intellectual property
infringement claims regarding our products. As a result, in the case of infringement claims against these sales channel partners and
end-customers, we could be required to indemnify them for losses resulting from such claims or to refund amounts they have paid to us.
Our sales channel partners and other end-customers in the future may seek indemnification from us in connection with infringement claims
brought. 

35 

Risks
Related to Our International Operations 

We
are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing
requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 

Our
products are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs
regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign
Assets Controls. Exports of our products must be made in compliance with these laws and regulations. If we violate these laws and regulations,
we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or
import privileges, fines which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers, and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of
responsible employees or managers. In addition, if our channel partners, agents or consultants fail to obtain appropriate import, export
or re-export licenses or authorizations, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. Obtaining the necessary
authorizations, including any required license, for a particular sale may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed and may result in the
delay or loss of sales opportunities. Changes in our products or changes in applicable export or import laws and regulations may also
create delays in the introduction and sale of our products in international markets, prevent our end-customers with international operations
from deploying our products or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons
altogether. Any change in export or import laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws and regulations,
or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such laws and regulations, could also result in decreased
use of our products, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential end-customers with international
operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

New
regulations or standards or changes in existing regulations or standards in the United States or internationally related to our suppliers 
products may result in unanticipated costs or liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
and future sales, and could place additional burdens on the operations of our business. 

Our
suppliers products are subject to governmental regulations in many jurisdictions. To achieve and maintain market acceptance, our
suppliers products must continue to comply with these statutory regulations and many industry standards. As these regulations
and standards evolve, and if new regulations or standards are implemented, our suppliers may have to modify their products. The failure
of their products to comply, or delays in compliance, with the existing and evolving industry regulations and standards could prevent
or delay introduction of our vehicles, which could harm our business. Supplier uncertainty regarding future policies may also affect
demand for electric vehicles, including our vehicles. Moreover, channel partners or customers may require us, or we may otherwise deem
it necessary or advisable, to alter our products to address actual or anticipated changes in the regulatory environment. Our inability
to alter our products to address these requirements and any regulatory changes may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results and financial condition. 

36 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 900 E. Old Settlers Blvd., Suite 100, Round Rock, Texas. We currently lease approximately 23,927
square feet of office space in Round Rock, Texas under a lease that expires in February 2027. The lease agreement provides for a base
monthly rent, and we are also responsible for real estate taxes, maintenance and other operating expenses applicable to the leased premises. 

We
believe that this facility is adequate for our present operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

On
February 12, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Arcimoto, Inc. to settle certain patent infringement claims (the Arcimoto
Settlement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to cease the production, importation and sale of the AYRO 311 Autocycle, a compact,
three-wheeled electric vehicle previously manufactured by the Company (the AYRO 311 ), among other things. Accordingly,
AYRO would not be contractually permitted to resume production of the AYRO 311. 

As
of January 1, 2019, DropCar Operating, Inc. DropCar Operating had accrued approximately 0.23 million for the settlement
of multiple employment disputes. As of December 31, 2022, the accrual has been paid. 

On
March 23, 2018, DropCar Operating was made aware of an audit being conducted by the New York State Department of Labor DOL regarding a claim filed by an employee. The DOL is investigating whether DropCar Operating properly paid overtime for which DropCar Operating
has raised several defenses. In addition, the DOL is conducting its audit to determine whether DropCar Operating owes spread of hours
pay (an hour s pay for each day an employee worked or was scheduled for a period over ten hours in a day). If the DOL determines
that monies are owed, the DOL will seek a backpay order, which management believes will not, either individually or in the aggregate,
have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management believes
the case has no merit. 

DropCar
was a defendant in a class action lawsuit which resulted in a judgement entered whereby the Company is required to pay legal fees in
the amount of 0.05 million to the plaintiff s counsel. As of December 31, 2022, there is no remaining balance. 

We
are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, that
we believe are incidental to the operation of our business. While the outcome of these claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management
does not believe that the outcome of any of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
positions or cash flows. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

37 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AYRO. 

Stockholders 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were approximately [79] stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to our stockholders since inception and do not plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Any future declaration of dividends will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects and any other factors
that our board of directors deems relevant, as well as compliance with the requirements of state law. In general, as a Delaware corporation,
we may pay dividends out of surplus capital or, if there is no surplus capital, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which a dividend
is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, for reinvestment in our business. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. [ Reserved ] 

38 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and the related
notes thereto. This management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, such as statements of our plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When
used, the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, target, estimate, 
 expect and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions will, may, could, 
 should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those under Risk Factors in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of several factors. See Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factor Summary. 

References
in this management s discussion and analysis to we, us, our, the Company, 
 our Company or AYRO refer to AYRO, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Overview 

Business 

We
design and manufacture compact, sustainable electric vehicles for closed campus mobility, low speed urban and community transport, local
on-demand and last mile delivery and government use. Our four-wheeled purpose-built electric vehicles are geared toward commercial customers,
including universities, business and medical campuses, last mile delivery services and food service providers. 

Products 

AYRO
vehicles provide the end user an environmentally friendly alternative to internal combustion engine vehicles (cars powered by gasoline
or diesel oil), for light duty uses, including low-speed logistics, maintenance and cargo services, at a lower total cost. The majority
of our sales have historically been comprised of sales of AYRO 411 Fleet (as defined below) vehicles to Club Car, LLC Club Car ). 

Strategic
Review 

Following
the hiring of our current Chief Executive Officer in the third quarter of 2021, we initiated a strategic review of our product development
strategy as we focus on creating value within the electric vehicle, last-mile delivery, smart payload and enabling infrastructure markets.
In connection with the strategic review, we canceled development of our planned next-generation three-wheeled high-speed vehicle. 

For
the past several years, our primary supplier has been Cenntro Automotive Group, Ltd. Cenntro ), which operates a large
electric vehicle factory in the automotive district in Hangzhou, China. As a result of rising shipping costs, quality issues with certain
components and persistent delays, we ceased production of the AYRO 411x from Cenntro in September 2022 in order to focus our resources
on the development and launch of our model year 2023 refresh, the Vanish. 

We
began design and development on the Vanish in December 2021, including updates to our supply chain, the offshoring/onshoring mix,
our manufacturing strategy and our annual model year refresh program. We unveiled the first Vanish prototype in the fourth quarter
of 2022. Pre-production of the Vanish was completed in December 2022 and preorders are expected to be available in the second
quarter of 2023. 

39 

Nasdaq
Minimum Bid Price Requirement 

On
October 3, 2022, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq indicating
that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the 30 consecutive business day period between August
19, 2022 and September 30, 2022, we did not meet the minimum bid price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The letter also indicated that we will be provided with a compliance period
of 180 calendar days, or until April 3, 2023 (the Compliance Period ), in which to regain compliance pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

In
order to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement, our common stock must maintain a minimum closing bid price
of 1.00 for at least ten consecutive business days during the Compliance Period. In the event we do not regain compliance by the end
of the Compliance Period, we may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance. To qualify, we will be required to meet the continued
listing requirement for the market value of our publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market,
with the exception of the bid price requirement, and will need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during
the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we meet these requirements, we may be granted an additional
180 calendar days to regain compliance. However, if it appears to Nasdaq that we will be unable to cure the deficiency, or if we are
not otherwise eligible for the additional cure period, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting.
We have not regained compliance as of the date of this report. 

Manufacturing
Agreement with Linamar 

On
July 28, 2022, we partnered with Linamar Corporation Linamar ), a Canadian manufacturer, in a manufacturing agreement (the
 Linamar MLA to provide certain sub assembly and assembly parts, including the cabin frame and skate for the Vanish (collectively,
the Products ). During the term of the Linamar MLA, Linamar has the exclusive right to supply the Products to the Company,
subject to certain exceptions. The Linamar MLA has an initial term of three years and will automatically renew for successive two-year
terms unless either party has given at least 12 months written notice of nonrenewal. Either party may terminate the Linamar MLA
at any time upon 12 months written notice, and in the event of a change in control of the Company prior to the end of the initial
term, we may terminate upon written notice within three days of completion of such change in control. 

In
the event we terminate the Linamar MLA prior to its expiration, whether following a change in control or otherwise, we must purchase
any remaining raw material inventory, finished goods inventory and work in progress and any unamortized capital equipment used in production
and testing of the Products and pay a termination fee of 750,000, subject to certain adjustments. We are dependent on the Linamar MLA,
and in the event of its termination our manufacturing operations and customer deliveries would be materially impacted. 

Under
the Linamar MLA, we must commit to certain minimum purchases, to be determined by AYRO on a quarterly basis. 

We
import the Products from Linamar in Canada, and we manufacture and assemble the Vanish at our customization, service,
and integration facility in Round Rock, Texas. Over 98 of the vehicle assemblies, components, and products are from North American
and European sources. 

Manufacturing
Agreement with Cenntro 

In
2017, AYRO Operating Company, Inc. AYRO Operating our wholly owned subsidiary previously known as AYRO, Inc. partnered
with Cenntro in a supply chain agreement to provide sub-assembly manufacturing services. Cenntro owns the design of the AYRO Club Car
411 and 411x AYRO 411 Fleet vehicles and has granted us an exclusive license to purchase the AYRO 411 Fleet vehicles
for sale in North America. 

40 

Under
our Manufacturing License Agreement with Cenntro (the Cenntro MLA ), in order for us to maintain our exclusive
territorial rights pursuant to the Cenntro MLA, we must meet certain minimum purchase requirements. 

We
imported semi-knocked-down vehicle kits from Cenntro for the AYRO 411x models comprising our model year 2022 lineup. The vehicle kits
were received through shipping containers at the assembly facility of Karma Automotive LLC Karma ), our then-manufacturing
partner, in southern California, as well as at our customization, service and integration facility in Round Rock, Texas. The vehicles
were then assembled with tailored customization requirements per order. 

On
May 31, 2022, we received a letter from Cenntro purporting to terminate all agreements and contracts between the Company and
Cenntro. Although we do not believe Cenntro s termination of the Cenntro MLA is valid, we have determined to cease production
of the AYRO 411x and focus our resources on the development and launch of the Vanish. We have canceled all purchase orders and
future builds with Cenntro and currently intend to only order replacement parts for vehicles from Cenntro in the future. We expect
to lose our exclusive license under the Cenntro MLA, in which case Cenntro could sell identical or similar products through other
companies or directly to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

The
new Vanish utilizes assemblies and products that will largely eliminate our dependency on Chinese imports and optimize the supply chain
to rely primarily upon North American and European sources. Final assembly of the Vanish is expected to occur in our Round Rock, Texas
facilities, which we are currently building out in anticipation of Vanish production. 

Master
Procurement Agreement with Club Car 

In
March 2019, we entered into a five-year Master Procurement Agreement (the MPA with Club Car for the sale of our four-wheeled
vehicles. The MPA grants Club Car the exclusive right to sell our four-wheeled vehicles in North America, provided that Club Car orders
at least 500 vehicles per year. 

Although
Club Car did not meet the volume threshold for 2020 or 2021, we have not sold our model year 2022 411x vehicles commercially other than
through Club Car. Under the terms of the MPA, we receive orders from Club Car dealers for vehicles of specific configurations, and we
invoice Club Car once the vehicle has shipped. The MPA has an initial term of five (5) years commencing January 1, 2019 and may be renewed
by Club Car for successive one-year periods upon 60 days prior written notice, so long as those minimums are met. Pursuant to
the MPA, we granted Club Car a right of first refusal for sales of 51 or more of AYRO Operating s assets or equity interests,
which right of first refusal is exercisable for a period of 45 days following delivery of an acquisition notice to Club Car. We also
agreed to collaborate with Club Car on new products similar to our four-wheeled vehicle and improvements to existing products and granted
Club Car a right of first refusal to purchase similar commercial utility vehicles which AYRO Operating may develop during the term of
the MPA. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from Club Car constituted approximately 100 of our revenues. 

In
connection with the forthcoming introduction of the Vanish, we are reevaluating our channel strategy with an eye towards distributing
our next-generation platform and payloads in a manner that maximizes visibility, moderates channel costs and creates value. Accordingly,
we are seeking additional business partners and channel partners to sell our products beginning with the Vanish. We do not expect Club Car to remain a customer going forward. The anticipated loss of Club Car as a customer, or
any significant reduction in purchases by Club Car, could have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results
of operations. 

41 

Manufacturing
Services Agreement with Karma 

On
September 25, 2020, we entered into a Master Manufacturing Services Agreement (the Karma Agreement with Karma, pursuant
to which Karma agreed to provide certain manufacturing services for the production of our vehicles. The initial statement of work provided
that Karma would perform assembly of a certain quantity of the AYRO 411 vehicles and provide testing, materials management and outbound
logistics services. For such services in the initial statement of work, we agreed to pay 1.2 million to Karma, of which (i) 0.52 million
was paid at closing and (ii) 0.64 million was due and payable five months following the satisfaction of certain production requirements.
This second payment was accrued for as of December 31, 2021 and paid February 3, 2022. 

On
February 24, 2021, the Karma Agreement was amended to allow Karma to assemble a certain number of units of the AYRO 411x vehicle. The
Karma Agreement expired in September 2022. 

In
late September 2022, we retired the 411x assembly line in connection with our transition to production of the Vanish. 

Supply
Agreement with Gallery Carts 

During
2020, we entered into a supply agreement with Gallery Carts Gallery ), a leading provider of food and beverage kiosks,
carts, and mobile storefront solutions. Joint development efforts have led to the launch of the parties first all-electric configurable
mobile hospitality vehicle for on-the-go venues across the United States. This innovative solution permits food, beverage
and merchandising operators to bring goods directly to consumers. 

The
configurable Powered Vendor Box, in the rear of the vehicle, features long-life lithium batteries that power the preconfigured hot/cold
beverage and food equipment and is directly integrated with the AYRO 411x and will be directly integrated with the Vanish. The canopy
doors, as well as the full vehicle, can be customized with end-user logos and graphics to enhance the brand experience. Gallery, with
40 years of experience delivering custom food kiosk solutions, has expanded into electric mobile delivery vehicles, as customers increasingly
want food, beverages and merchandise delivered to where they are gathering. For example, a recent study conducted by Technomic found
that a large majority of students, 77 , desired alternative mobile and to-go food options on campus. 

Gallery,
a premier distributor of AYRO vehicles, has a diverse clientele throughout mobile food, beverage and merchandise distribution markets
for key customer applications such as university, corporate and government campuses, major league and amateur-level stadiums and arenas,
resorts, airports, and event centers. In addition to finding innovative and safe ways to deliver food and beverages to their patrons,
reducing and ultimately eliminating their carbon footprint is a top priority for many of these customers. 

42 

Factors
Affecting Results of Operations 

Master
Procurement Agreement 

In
March 2019, we entered into the MPA with Club Car. In partnership with Club Car and in interaction with its substantial dealer network,
we have redirected our business development resources towards supporting Club Car s enterprise and fleet sales function as Club
Car proceeds in its new product introduction initiatives. We are evaluating our relationship with Club Car and may seek to replace Club
Car with new business partners for selling our products beginning with the Vanish. We do not expect Club Car to remain a customer going forward. 

COVID-19
Pandemic 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely impacted by the coronavirus outbreak both in China and the
United States. This has delayed our ability to timely procure raw materials from Cenntro, which in turn delayed shipments to, and corresponding
revenue from, customers. The pandemic and social distancing directives have interfered with our ability, and the ability of our employees,
workers, contractors, suppliers and other business partners to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations relative
to the conduct of our business. The COVID-19 pandemic poses restrictions on our employees and other service providers ability
to travel on pre-sales meetings, customers abilities to physically meet with our employees and the ability of our customers to
test drive or purchase our vehicles, and shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The pandemic adversely
impacted our sales and the demand for our products in 2021 and 2022. 

Tariffs 

Countervailing
tariffs on certain goods from China continued to have an adverse impact on raw material costs throughout 2021 and 2022. 

Shipping
Costs and Delays 

A
majority of our raw materials have historically been shipped via container from overseas vendors in China, such as Cenntro, which was
formerly our largest supplier. Although we intend to reduce our reliance on offshore suppliers by primarily sourcing components for the
Vanish from vendors in North America and Europe, our vendors may be reliant on offshore suppliers. We rely heavily on third parties,
including ocean carriers and truckers, in that process. The global shipping industry is experiencing a shortage of shipping capacity,
trucking shortages, increased ocean shipping rates and increased trucking and fuel costs. As a result, our receipt of imported products
has been, and may continue to be, disrupted or delayed. 

A
port worker strike, work slow-down or other transportation disruption in domestic ports could significantly disrupt our business or that
of our vendors. This has materially and adversely affected our business and financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 and could continue to materially and adversely affect our business and financial results in 2023. If significant disruptions along
these lines continue, this could lead to further significant disruptions in our business, delays in shipments to us and to our vendors
and revenue and profitability shortfalls, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

The
global shipping industry is also experiencing unprecedented increases in shipping rates from the trans-Pacific ocean carriers due to
various factors, including limited availability of shipping capacity. Additionally, if further increases in fuel prices occur, our transportation
costs would likely further increase. 

43 

Supply
Chain 

Beginning
in the second quarter of 2021, we offered a configuration of our 411x powered by lithium-ion battery technology. Additionally, our powered
food box offerings are currently powered by lithium-ion battery technology. Our business depends on the continued supply of battery cells
and other parts for our vehicles. During 2021 and 2022, we at times experienced supply chain shortages of both lithium-ion battery cells
and other critical components used to produce our vehicles, which has slowed our planned production of vehicles. In addition, we could
be impacted by shortages of other products or raw materials, including silicon chips that we or our suppliers use in the production of
our vehicles or parts sourced for our vehicles. 

We
intend for the Vanish to utilize assemblies and products that will eliminate our dependency on Chinese imports and optimize the supply
chain to North American and European sources. 

Inventory
Obsolescence 

At
June 30, 2022, we determined that testing of obsolescence was required for inventory due to the quality of certain purchased components
from Cenntro s lithium-ion NCM line. 17 vehicles tested in the second quarter of 2022 were determined to have 49
unique failures. An inspection of the remaining NCM units revealed a 100 failure rate. As a result, all inventory associated with Cenntro s
NCM line was written off for 1,317,289 to cost of goods sold. As of December 31, 2021 the balance of prepaid expenses and accrued expenses,
net with Cenntro was 602,016. As of December 31, 2022, there was no longer a balance. Impairments of prepaid expenses led to a write-down,
netted with the balance in accrued expenses. The remainder of the balance was expensed through cost of goods sold for 621,097. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, a 413,561 net realizable value adjustment was recorded due to the Club Car Discount (as defined below),
spare inventory for the 411x was written off, net with the inventory reserve of 124,375, and 2,476,322 was expensed for impairment
of inventory. 

Components
of Statements of Operations 

Revenue 

We
derive revenue from the sale of our four-wheeled electric vehicles, and, to a lesser extent, shipping, parts and service fees. In the
past we also derived rental revenue from vehicle revenue sharing agreements with tourist destination fleet operators, and, to a lesser
extent, shipping, parts and service fees. Provided that all other revenue recognition criteria have been met, we typically recognize
revenue upon shipment, as title and risk of loss are transferred to customers and channel partners at that time. Products are typically
shipped to dealers or directly to end customers, or in some cases to our international distributors. These international distributors
assist with import regulations, currency conversions and local language. Our vehicle product sales revenues vary from period to period
based on, among other things, the customer orders received and our ability to produce and deliver the ordered products. Customers often
specify requested delivery dates that coincide with their need for our vehicles. 

Because
these customers may use our products in connection with a variety of projects of different sizes and durations, a customer s orders
for one reporting period generally do not indicate a trend for future orders by that customer. Additionally, order patterns do not necessarily
correlate amongst customers. In September 2022, Club Car required a discount of 2,000 per vehicle, to be applied to all past and future
2022 sales (the Club Car Discount ). Revenue was reduced by 0.13 million as a result of the Club Car Discount for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

44 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold primarily consists of costs of materials and personnel costs associated with manufacturing operations, and an accrual for
post-sale warranty claims. Personnel costs consist of wages and associated taxes and benefits. Cost of goods sold also includes freight
and changes to our warranty reserves. Allocated overhead costs consist of certain facilities and utility costs. We expect cost of revenue
to increase in absolute dollars as product revenue increases. At June 30, 2022, we determined that testing of obsolescence was required
for inventory due to the quality of NCM components received from Cenntro. 17 vehicles tested in the second quarter of 2022 were determined
to have 49 unique failures. An inspection of the remaining NCM units revealed a 100 failure rate. As a result, all inventory associated
with Cenntro s NCM line was written off to cost of goods sold for 1,317,289. Impairments of prepaid expenses led to a write-down,
netted with the balance in accrued expenses. The remainder of the balance was expensed through cost of goods sold for 621,097. During
years ended December 31, 2022, the Club Car Discount required a 413,561 net realizable value adjustment, necessitating a write down
of the value of inventory. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2,476,322 was expensed for impairment of inventory. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses consist of general and administrative, sales and marketing and research and development expenses. Salaries and personnel-related
costs, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense are the most significant components of each category of operating expenses. Operating
expenses also include allocated overhead costs for facilities and utility costs. 

Stock-based
compensation 

We
account for stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for share-based awards based on the estimated
fair value on the date of grant. 

The
fair value of each stock option granted to employees is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model,
and the related stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period during which an employee is required to provide
service in exchange for the award. The fair value of the options granted to non-employees is measured and expensed as the options vest. 

Restricted
stock grants are stock awards that entitle the holder to receive shares of our common stock as the award vests over time. The fair value
of each restricted stock grant is based on the fair market value price of common stock on the date of grant, and it is measured and expensed
as it vests. 

We
estimate the fair value of stock-based and cash unit awards containing a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Key inputs
and assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model include the stock price of the award on the grant date, the expected term, the
risk-free interest rate over the expected term, the expected annual dividend yield and the expected stock price volatility. The expected
volatility is based on a combination of the historical and implied volatility of our publicly traded, near-the-money stock options, and
the valuation period is based on the vesting period of the awards. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant and, since we do not currently pay or plan to pay a dividend on its common stock, the expected dividend
yield was zero. 

Research
and Development Expense 

Research
and development expense consists primarily of employee compensation and related expenses, prototype expenses, depreciation associated
with assets acquired for research and development, amortization of product development costs, product strategic advisory fees, third-party
engineering and contractor support costs, and allocated overhead. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute
dollars as we continue to invest in new and existing products. 

Sales
and Marketing Expense 

Sales
and marketing expense consists primarily of employee compensation and related expenses, sales commissions, marketing programs, travel
and entertainment expenses and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, tradeshows, events, corporate communications
and brand-building activities. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase modestly in absolute dollars as we expand our market
segments addressed, refresh and expand our product lines, provide event support for our channel partners, and further develop potential
sales channels. 

General
and Administrative Expense 

General
and administrative expense consists primarily of employee compensation and related expenses for administrative functions including finance,
legal, human resources and fees for third-party professional services, and allocated overhead. We expect our general and administrative
expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in growing our business. 

45 

Other
(Expense) Income 

Other
(expense) income consists of income received or expenses incurred for activities outside of our core business. Other expense consists primarily of interest expense and unrealized gain/loss on marketable securities. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

Provision
for income taxes consists of estimated income taxes due to the United States government and to the state tax authorities in jurisdictions
in which we conduct business. In the case of a tax deferred asset, we reserve the entire value for future periods. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our results of operations for each of the periods set forth below: 

For
 the Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 
 2,990,497 
 2,683,597 
 306,900 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 6,043,506 
 4,774,784 
 1,268,722 
 
 Gross loss 
 (3,053,009 
 (2,091,187 
 (961,822 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 6,845,451 
 11,449,617 
 (4,604,166 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 1,874,658 
 2,419,168 
 (544,510 
 
 General
 and administrative 
 11,503,788 
 17,168,898 
 (5,665,110 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 20,223,897 
 31,037,683 
 (10,813,786 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (23,276,906 
 (33,128,870 
 9,851,964 
 
 Other income and (expense): 

Interest Income 
 182,276 
 51,768 
 130,508 
 
 Interest expense 
 - 
 (2,312 
 2,312 
 
 Realized gain on marketable
 securities 
 160,990 
 - 
 160,990 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable
 securities 
 (1,713 
 - 
 (1,713 
 
 Net loss 
 (22,935,353 
 (33,079,414 
 10,144,061 

Revenue 

Revenue
was 2.99 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.68 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 11.4 , or 0.31 million. The increase in revenue was the result of an increase in volume of sales of our vehicles, powered-food box
sales and other vehicle options for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of goods sold and gross loss 

Cost
of goods sold increased by 1.27 million, or 26.6 , to 6.04 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily due to a 1.32 million write-off of NCM inventory due to a 100 failure
rate, and 0.62 million of Cenntro prepaid and accrued balances, as well as an increase in vehicles sales, and an increase in time-of-order
options for our vehicles and specialty products. The company recorded a 0.41 million net realizable value adjustment due to the Club
Car discount. 

Gross
margin percentage was (102.1) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to (77.9) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the write-off of NCM inventory, the write down of Cenntro balances, and the
issuance of credit memos in connection with the Club Car Discount, and the corresponding net realizable value adjustment. 

46 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expense was 6.85 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 11.45 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, a decrease of 4.6 million, or 41 . The decrease was primarily due to a repositioning of expenses related to personnel costs
for our engineering, design, and research teams from the initiated development of our planned next-generation three-wheeled vehicle to
the Vanish. We had a decrease in R D contracting for professional service and design costs of 3.95 million, and a decrease in salaries
and related expenses of 0.47 million. 

Sales
and marketing expense 

Sales
and marketing expense decreased by 0.54 million, or 22.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021, as we reduced the cost of marketing-related initiatives surrounding the Vanish. Salaries and related expenses decreased by
 0.12 due to the restructuring of our sales and marketing resources. Stock based compensation decreased by 0.2 million. Expenses related
to consultants for professional marketing services decreased by 0.07 million. 

General
and administrative expenses 

The
majority of our operating losses from continuing operations resulted from general and administrative expenses. General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of costs associated with our overall operations and with being a public company. These costs include personnel,
legal and financial professional services, insurance, investor relations, and compliance-related fees. General and administrative expense
was 11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 17.17 million for 2021, a decrease of 5.67 million, primarily due
to a 6.07 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense. Salaries and related expenses excluding stock-based compensation increased
by 1.52 million. Fulfillment and rent expense increased by 0.12 million and 0.12 million, respectively. Depreciation increased by
 0.27 million. 

47 

Other
income and expense 

We
recorded 0.18 million in interest income on cash accounts, a realized gain of 0.16 million on marketable securities and an unrealized
loss of .001 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 39.10 million in cash, 9.85 million in marketable securities and working capital of 49.67 million. As
of December 31, 2021, we had 69.16 million in cash and working capital of 72.31 million. The decrease in cash and working capital was
primarily a result of our inventory write down and our operating loss, respectively. Our sources of cash since inception have been predominantly
from the sale of equity and debt. 

Our
business is capital-intensive, and future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and
extent of spending to support development efforts, the results of our strategic review, the expansion of our sales and marketing teams,
the timing of new product introductions and the continuing market acceptance of our products and services. We are working to control
expenses and deploy our capital in the most efficient manner. 

We
are evaluating other options for the strategic deployment of capital beyond our ongoing strategic initiatives, including potentially
entering other segments of the electric vehicle market. We anticipate being opportunistic with our capital, and we intend to explore
potential partnerships and acquisitions that could be synergistic with our competitive stance in the market. 

We
are subject to a number of risks similar to those of earlier stage commercial companies, including dependence on key individuals and
products, the difficulties inherent in the development of a commercial market, the potential need to obtain additional capital, competition
from larger companies, other technology companies and other technologies. Based on the foregoing, management believes that the existing
cash at December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months following the date of this report. 

As
discussed above under Strategic Review, we suspended all material research and development activity and expenditures, including
expenses associated with our planned next-generation three-wheeled vehicle, while we conducted a strategic review of our product development
strategy. In December of 2022 we completed pre-production on the new 411 fleet vehicle model refresh, the Vanish. 

48 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (18,728,643 
 (26,631,485 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (11,335,261 
 (600,363 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 
 59,855,217 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 18.73 million in cash in operating activities, a decrease of 7.90 million compared to cash
used in operating activities of 26.63 million during the same period in 2021. The decrease in cash used in operating activities was
primarily a result of reduced consultant expenditures, increased collections on accounts receivable, and reduced cash used for purchasing
inventory. 

Our
ability to generate cash from operations in future periods will depend in large part on profitability, the rate and timing of collections
of our accounts receivable, inventory turns and our ability to manage other areas of working capital. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used cash of 11.34 million in investing activities, as compared to 0.6 million cash used in investing
activities during 2021, an increase of 10.73 million. The net increase was primarily due to our investment in marketable securities. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had no financing activities of note. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we received net proceeds of an aggregate of 58.30 million from the issuance of common stock, net of
fees and expenses, 0.10 million from the exercise of warrants for cash. In addition, we issued 555,004 shares of common stock from the
exercise of stock options and received cash proceeds of 1.5 million. 

49 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). The preparation
of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect
the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and
judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated
financial statements are prepared. Accordingly, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 

We
have identified certain accounting estimates which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably
likely to have, a material impact on our financial conditions or results of operations. 

We
believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial
results. There have been no changes to estimates during the periods presented in the filing. Historically, changes in management estimates
have not been material. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our most significant estimates include
inventory valuation and the measurement of stock-based compensation expenses. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Inventory
Valuation 

The
accounting of inventory in accordance with GAAP recognizes the value of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value based
upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Inventories are assessed regularly for impairment, and valuation reserves
are established, when necessary, based upon a number of factors. The determination of events and assumptions utilized in our inventory
valuation requires judgment. Transportation costs are included in net realizable value. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the core principle of which is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, five basic criteria must
be met before revenue can be recognized: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the
contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and
(v) recognize revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation. 

50 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). The
Company recognizes all employee share-based compensation as an expense in the financial statements on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period, based on the terms of the awards. Equity-classified awards principally related to stock options, restricted
stock awards RSAs and equity-based compensation, are measured at the grant date fair value of the award. The Company
determines grant date fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of RSAs is determined
using the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. For service based vesting grants, expense is recognized
ratably over the requisite service period based on the number of options or shares. For value-based vesting grants, expense is recognized
via straight line expense over the expected period per grant as determined by outside valuation experts. Stock-based compensation is
reversed for forfeitures in the period of forfeiture. 

We
estimate the fair value of stock-based and cash unit awards containing a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Key inputs
and assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model include the stock price of the award on the grant date, the expected term, the
risk-free interest rate over the expected term, the expected annual dividend yield and the expected stock price volatility. The expected
volatility is based on a combination of the historical and implied volatility of the Company s publicly traded, near-the-money
stock options, and the valuation period is based on the vesting period of the awards. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant and, since the Company does not currently pay or plan to pay a dividend on its
common stock, the expected dividend yield was zero. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
information required by this Item 8 is included at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Based
on information provided by Friedman LLP Friedman ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm,
effective September 1, 2022, certain assets of Friedman LLP were acquired by Marcum LLP and continued to operate as
an independent registered public accounting firm. As previously disclosed, on September 21, 2022, the Company dismissed Friedman and
engaged Marcum to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, which actions were ratified by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. The services previously provided
by Friedman are now provided by Marcum. 

The
reports of Friedman on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the two most recent fiscal years, ended December 31,
2021 and 2020, did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope, or accounting principles. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period through September 21, 2021, (i) there were no disagreements,
as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, with Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have caused Friedman
to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on the Company s consolidated financial
statements for such period, and (ii) there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K,
except that the Company identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting related to segregation of duties,
which was described in Item 4 of the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2022, June 30,
2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2021, June 30, 2021 and March 31, 2021 and Item 9A of the Company s Annual Reports on Form
10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Audit Committee discussed the subject matter of the reportable events with Friedman
LLP, and notwithstanding these material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, the Company has concluded that, based
on its knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
for the quarters ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2021, June 30, 2021 and March 31, 2021 and its
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

During
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the subsequent interim period through September 21, 2022, neither
the Company nor anyone on its behalf has consulted with Marcum regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified
transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements,
and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by
the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the
subject of a disagreement or a reportable event, as such terms are defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
and (v), respectively. 

51 

ITEM
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, we evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, means
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in
evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based
on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective due to the material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting discussed below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financing reporting
as of December 31, 2022, management identified a material weakness related to segregation of duties. Specifically, due to limited resources
and headcount we did not have multiple people in the accounting function for a full segregation of duties. 

Based
on this assessment, management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 

Plan
for Remediation of Material Weakness 

We
have engaged a third party to conduct a full assessment of our controls and procedures. In the fourth quarter of 2022 we completed our
full assessment and are now in the process of testing those controls. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except
as disclosed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

52 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A,
which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K if the Company s definitive
proxy statement is not filed within such time. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A,
which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K if the Company s definitive
proxy statement is not filed within such time. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A,
which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K if the Company s definitive
proxy statement is not filed within such time. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A,
which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K if the Company s definitive
proxy statement is not filed within such time. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm is Marcum LLP (PCAOB Firm ID No.: 688) located in Melville, New York. The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A,
which proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K if the Company s definitive
proxy statement is not filed within such time. 

53 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F-1-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

None.
Financial statement schedules have not been included because they are not applicable, or the information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits: 

See
 Index to Exhibits for a description of our exhibits. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

54 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among DropCar, Inc., ABC Merger Sub, Inc. and AYRO, Inc. dated December 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2019) 

2.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, by and among DropCar, Inc., DropCar Operating Company, Inc., DC Partners Acquisition, LLC, Spencer Richardson and David Newman, dated December 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2019) 

2.3 
 
 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement, by and among DropCar, Inc., DropCar Operating Company, Inc., DC Partners Acquisition, LLC, Spencer Richardson and David Newman, dated May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series H-4 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

3.5 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2020) 

3.6 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Palladium Holdings, LLC Finder s Warrant issued in connection with the June 2020 Registered Direct Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Finder s Warrant issued in connection with the June 2020 Registered Direct Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.3 
 
 Palladium Holdings, LLC Advisor s Warrant issued in connection with the July 2020 Registered Direct Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

55 

4.4 
 
 Form of Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Advisor s Warrant issued in connection with the July 2020 Registered Direct Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.5 
 
 Palladium Holdings, LLC Advisor s Warrant issued in connection with the July 23, 2020 Registered Direct Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant issued in connection with the AYRO Private Placements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant issued in connection with the 850K AYRO Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant issued in connection with the 1.15M AYRO Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant issued in connection with the AYRO Bridge Loan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Penny Warrant issued in connection with the Secured Loan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

4.11 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2020) 

4.12 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued in connection with the January 2021 Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2021) 

4.13 
 
 Form of Palladium Warrant issued in connection with the January 2021 Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2021) 

56 

4.14 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in connection with the February 2021 Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2021) 

4.15 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020) 

4.16 
 
 Form of Spartan Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in connection with the February 2021 Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2021) 

10.1 
 
 Mark Adams Secured Promissory Note, dated as of October 14, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Mark Adams Secured Promissory Note, dated December 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 April Bridge Financing, by and among AYRO Operating Company, Inc., and the lenders party thereto, dated April 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Bridge Loan Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.5 
 
 Form of AYRO Operating Private Placement Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Rodney Keller, dated May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

57 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between AYRO Operating Company, Inc., and Curtis Smith, dated March 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, by and between AYRO Operating Company, Inc., and Curtis Smith, dated May 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.9 
 
 AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2020) 

10.10 
 
 Form of ISO Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.11 
 
 Form of NQSO Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.12 
 
 Form of RSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 17, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 19, 2020) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 6, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2020) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 21, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2020) 

10.16+ 
 
 Master Procurement Agreement, dated March 5, 2019, by and among the Company and Club Car LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

10.17 
 
 AYRO Operating, Inc. 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

10.18 
 
 Form of NQSO Award Agreement under the AYRO Operating, Inc. 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

10.19 
 
 Advisory Agreement, dated January 1, 2019, by and among the Company and Sustainability Consultants, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 

58 

10.20 
 
 Form of Addendum to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2020) 

10.21 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, by and between AYRO, Inc., and Rodney C. Keller, Jr., dated September 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2020) 

10.22 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 22, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2020 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to the AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated December 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2020) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2021) 

10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2021) 

10.26 
 
 Voluntary Separation Agreement, Release and Consulting Agreement, by and between the Company and Rodney Keller, Jr., dated as of September 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2021) 

10.27 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, by and between the Company and Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger, dated as of September 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2021) 

10.28 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger, effective as of September 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2021) 

10.29 
 
 General Release and Severance Agreement, by and between the Company and Curtis Smith, dated as of January 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2022) 

10.30 
 
 General Release Agreement, by and between the Company and Brian Groh, dated as of January 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2022) 

10.31 
 
 General Release Agreement, by and between the Company and Richard Perley, dated as of January 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2022) 

10.32 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and David E. Hollingsworth, effective as of August 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2022) 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Friedman LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated September 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022) 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Marcum LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent
 of Friedman LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101
 INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101
 SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101
 CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101
 DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101
 LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101
 PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - The cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

+ 
 
 Certain
 portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is (i) not
 material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally
 an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 

Management
 or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AYRO,
 INC. 

Dated:
 March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger 

Thomas
 M. Wittenschlaeger 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 M. Wittenschlaeger 

/s/
 David E. Hollingsworth 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 David
 E. Hollingsworth 

/s/
 Joshua Silverman 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Joshua
 Silverman 

/s/
 George Devlin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 George
 Devlin 

/s/
 Sebastian Giordano 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 

/s/
 Zvi Joseph 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Zvi
 Joseph 

/s/
 Greg Schiffman 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Greg
 Schiffman 

/s/
 Wayne R. Walker 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 23, 2023 
 
 Wayne
 R. Walker 

60 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Table
of Contents 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID Number and Friedman LLP (PCAOB ID Number 
 F-1-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 AYRO
Inc., 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AYRO Inc.
(the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity
and cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
effective September 1, 2022) 

March
23, 2023 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 AYRO,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AYRO, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021 , and the related consolidated
statement of operations, stockholder s equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor from 2020 through 2022. 

March
23, 2022 

F- 2 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

As
 of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Operating lease 
 right-of-use asset 

Deposits
 and other assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current
 portion lease obligation operating lease 

Total current liabilities 

Lease
 obligation - operating lease, net of current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, (authorized
 shares) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock
 Series H, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock
 Series H-3, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock
 Series H-6, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, 
 par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 - 

Realized gain on marketable
 securities 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized
 loss on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 

Net loss prior to provision
 for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss per share,
 basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted weighted
 average Common Stock outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Series H 
 Series H-3 
 Series H-6 
 
 Additional 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 -- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Sale of common stock, net of fees 

Exercise of warrants, net of fees 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock based compensation 

Vested Restricted Stock 

- 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Beginning balance 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Vested Restricted Stock 

Net Loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Ending balance, 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the years
 ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of right-of-use
 asset 

Bad debt expense 

Realized gain on marketable
 securities 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable
 securities 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of inventory
 and prepaid 
 
 - 
 
 Change in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liability 
 - 

Lease
 obligations - operating leases 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and
 equipment 

Purchase of marketable
 securities, net 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of intangible assets 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments of debt 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise
 of warrants, net of fees 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise
 of stock options 
 - 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Common Stock, net of fees and expenses 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash,
 end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash and non-cash
 transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 

Restricted Stock issued
 previously accrued 

Accrued Fixed Assets 

Supplemental non-cash amounts
 of lease liabilities arising from obtaining right of use assets 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

F- 6 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, and negative cash flows
from operations of for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash balances totaling 
and in marketable securities. In addition, overall working capital decreased by during the year ended December
31, 2022. Management believes that the existing cash at December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next
twelve months following the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials, including lithium-ion
battery cells, semiconductors, and integrated circuits. Any such increase or supply interruption could materially negatively impact the
business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Currently, the Company is experiencing supply chain shortages, including
with respect to lithium-ion battery cells, integrated circuits, vehicle control chips, and displays. Certain production-ready components
may be delayed in shipment to company facilities which has and may continue to cause delays in validation and testing for these components,
which would in turn create a delay in the availability of saleable vehicles. 

The
Company uses various raw materials, including aluminum, steel, carbon fiber, non-ferrous metals (such as copper), and cobalt. The prices
for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions, and global demand and could adversely affect business and operating
results. For instance, the Company is exposed to multiple risks relating to price fluctuations for lithium-ion cells. These risks include: 

the
 inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell
 manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth
 of the electric vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases; 

disruption
 in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery cell manufacturers;
 and 

an
 increase in the cost of raw materials, such as cobalt, used in lithium-ion cells. 

Any
disruption in the supply of lithium-ion battery cells, semiconductors, or integrated circuits could temporarily disrupt production of
the Company s vehicles until a different supplier is fully qualified. Moreover, battery cell manufacturers may refuse to supply
electric vehicle manufacturers if they determine that the vehicles are not sufficiently safe. Furthermore, fluctuations or shortages
in petroleum and other economic conditions may cause the Company to experience significant increases in freight charges and raw material
costs. Substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials would increase operating costs and could reduce our margins if the increased
costs cannot be recouped through increased electric vehicle prices. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to recoup
increasing costs of raw materials by increasing vehicle prices. 

We
have made certain indemnities, under which we may be required to make payments to an indemnified party, in relation to certain transactions.
We indemnify our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. In connection with our
facility leases, we have indemnified our lessors for certain claims arising from the use of the facilities. The duration of the indemnities
vary and, in many cases, are indefinite. These indemnities do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments
we could be obligated to make. Historically, we have not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations and no liabilities
have been recorded for these indemnities. 

On
October 3, 2022, AYRO, Inc. (the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock
Market Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the 30 consecutive
business day period between August 19, 2022 and September 30, 2022, the Company did not meet the minimum bid price of 1.00 per share
required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The letter also indicated that
the Company will be provided with a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until April 3, 2023 (the Compliance Period ),
in which to regain compliance pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in marketable securities as of December 31, 2022. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
valuation hierarchy is composed of three levels. The classification within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. The levels within the valuation hierarchy are described below: 

Level
1 Assets and liabilities with unadjusted, quoted prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement
are observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 Inputs to the fair value measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying
terms, as well as direct or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals. 

Level
3 Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when
little or no market data exists for the assets or liabilities. 

The
marketable securities are considered trading securities and are measured at fair value and are accounted for in accordance with ASC 320.
The marketable securities are valued using inputs observable in active markets for identical securities and are therefore classified
as Level 1 within the Company s fair value hierarchy. 

and , respectively. All account receivables are made on an unsecured basis. 

to cost of goods sold. As of December 31, 2022, there was no
longer a balance. The remainder of the balance was expensed through cost of goods sold for . During the year ended December 31,
2022, a net realizable value adjustment was recorded due to the Club Car Discount (as defined below), spare inventory for the
411x was written off, net with the inventory reserve of , and was expensed for impairment of inventory. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years 
 
 Furniture
 and Fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Machinery
 and Equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 Improvements 

- years. The Company periodically reviews the estimated useful lives of intangible assets and makes adjustments when events
indicate that a shorter life is appropriate. 

Long-lived
assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not
be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted future cash flows derived from such assets. 

Factors
that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant changes in the Company s forecasted
projections for the asset or asset group for reasons including, but not limited to, significant under-performance of a product in relation
to expectations, significant changes, or planned changes in the Company s use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic
trends, and new or competing products that enter the marketplace. The impairment test is based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated from the use of the asset group. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down by the amount by
which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the related fair value of the asset with the related impairment charge recognized within
the statements of operations. 

AYRO,
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Shipping
revenue 

Amounts
billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as shipping revenue. The Company has elected to recognize the cost
for freight and shipping when control over vehicles has transferred to the customer as an operating expense. The Company has reported
shipping expenses of and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in General and Administrative
Expenses. 

Services
and other revenue 

Services
and other revenue consist of non-warranty after-sales vehicle services. Revenue is typically recognized at a point in time when services
and replacement parts are provided. 

Miscellaneous
income 

Miscellaneous
income consists of late fees charged for receivables not paid within the terms of the customer agreement based upon the outstanding customer
receivable balance. This revenue is earned when a customer s receivable balance becomes delinquent and its collection is reasonably
assured and is calculated using a stated late fee rate multiplied by the outstanding balance that is subject to a late fee charge. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted stock unvested 

Restricted stock vested - unissued 
 - 

Warrants outstanding 

Preferred stock outstanding 

Totals 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Shipping revenue 

Miscellaneous Income 
 
 - 
 
 Service
 income 
 - 

Total
 Revenue 

Contract
Liabilities 

The
Company recognizes a contract liability when a consideration is received, or if the Company has the unconditional right to receive consideration,
in advance of satisfying the performance obligation. A contract liability is the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services
to a customer for which the Company has received consideration, or an amount of consideration is due from the customer. The table below
details the activity in the Company s contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance at the end of each period
is reported as contract liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

Additions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Transfer
 to revenue 
 - 

Balance, end of period 
 - 
 - 

Warranty
Reserve 

The
Company records a reserve for warranty repairs upon the initial delivery of vehicles to its dealer network. The Company provides a product
warranty on each vehicle including powertrain, battery pack and electronics package. Such warranty matches the product warranty provided
by its supply chain for warranty parts for all unaltered vehicles and is not considered a separate performance obligation. The supply
chain warranty does not cover warranty-based labor needed to replace a part under warranty. Warranty reserves include management s
best estimate of the projected cost of labor to repair/replace all items under warranty. The Company reserves a percentage of all dealer-based
sales to cover an industry-standard warranty fund to support dealer labor warranty repairs. Such percentage is recorded as a component
of cost of revenues in the statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, warranty reserves were recorded within accrued
expenses of and , respectively. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: Allowance for
 doubtful accounts 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

The
Company reduced allowance for doubtful accounts by for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to collecting on past due accounts,
and recorded of bad debt expense of direct write off for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Work-in-progress 
 - 

Finished goods 

Total 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation recorded for fleet inventory was and . The Company determined
that testing of obsolescence was required for inventory due to the quality of certain purchased components from Cenntro s lithium-ion
line NCM ). 17 vehicles tested in the second quarter of 2022 were determined to have 49 unique failures. An inspection
of the remaining NCM units discovered a 100 failure rate. As a result, all inventory associated with Cenntro s NCM line was written
off to cost of goods sold for . The Club Car Discount during the years ended December 31, 2022 required a net realizable
value adjustment, necessitating the value of inventory to be written down, spare inventory for the 411x was written off, net with the
inventory reserve of . 

Prepayments for inventory 

Prepayments for insurance 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments on advances on design 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments on software 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid other 

Total Prepaid Expenses and Other
 Current Assets 

As
of December 31, 2021 the balance of prepaid expenses and accrued expenses, net with Cenntro was . As of December 31, 2022, there
was no longer a balance. Impairments of prepaid expenses led to a write-down, netted with the balance in accrued expenses. The remainder
of the balance was expensed through cost of goods sold for . 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Furniture and fixtures 

Lease improvements 

Prototypes 
 - 

Computer software 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was , of which was related to retiring legacy assets, and ,
respectively. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

US Treasury securities 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock of AYRO, par value per share, at an offering price of per share, for gross proceeds of 
before the deduction of fees and offering expenses of . 

On
February 11, 2021, AYRO entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors, pursuant to
which AYRO agreed to issue and sell in a registered direct offering (the February 2021 Offering an aggregate of 
shares of common stock of AYRO, par value per share, at an offering price of per share, for gross proceeds of 
before the deduction of fees and offering expenses of . shares, at an exercise price of per share. 

On
March 17, 2021, in connection with that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 19, 2019, whereby certain former stockholders
of AYRO Operating entered into lock-up agreements (collectively, the May Lock-Up Agreements pursuant to which they agreed
to certain restrictions on the transfer or sale of shares of the Company s common stock for the one-year period following the Merger,
AYRO modified the May Lock-Up Agreements to allow each stockholder party to a May Lock-Up Agreement to As of May 28,
2021, all of the May Lock-up Agreements were expired. 

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 21, 2020, during the year ended December 31, 2021 investors purchased of the
Additional Shares of common stock of AYRO, par value per share, at an offering price of per share, for gross proceeds of
 . 

During
February 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants and received cash proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options and received cash
proceeds of . 

AYRO,
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the vesting of restricted stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the vesting of restricted stock. 

Restricted
Stock 

On
February 24, 2021, pursuant to the AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company granted shares of restricted stock to
non-executive directors at a value of per share. shares of common stock remained unissued as of December 31, 2021; these
shares were issued during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 1, 2022, pursuant to the AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company granted shares of restricted stock to
non-executive directors at a value of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2022, shares were issued and vested. 

Preferred
Stock 

Series
H Convertible Preferred Stock 

Under
the terms of the Series H Certificate of Designation, each share of the Company s Series H Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
H Preferred Stock has a stated value of and is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock, equal to
the stated value divided by the conversion price of per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends).
The Company is prohibited from effecting the conversion of the Series H Preferred Stock to the extent that, as a result of such conversion,
the holder would beneficially own more than , in the aggregate, of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock calculated immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon such conversion. In the event of liquidation,
the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock are entitled, pari passu with the holders of common stock, to receive a payment in the amount
the holder would receive if such holder converted the Series H Preferred Stock into common stock immediately prior to the date of such
payment. As of December 31, 2022, such payment would be calculated as follows: 

Multiplied by the stated
 value 

Equals the gross stated value 

Divided by the conversion
 price 

Equals the convertible
 shares of Company Common Stock 

Multiplied by the fair
 market value of Company Common Stock as of December 31, 2022 

Liquidation Value 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Series
H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Pursuant
to the Series H-3 Certificate of Designation (as defined below), the holders of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series H-3 Preferred Stock are entitled to elect up to two members of a seven-member Board, subject to certain
step downs; pursuant to the Series H-3 securities purchase agreement, the Company agreed to effectuate the appointment of the designees
specified by the Series H-3 investors as directors of the Company. 

Under
the terms of the Series H-3 Certificate of Designation, each share of the Series H-3 Preferred Stock has a stated value of and
is convertible into shares of common stock, equal to the stated value divided by the conversion price of per share (subject to
adjustment in the event of stock splits and dividends). The Company is prohibited from effecting the conversion of the Series H-3 Preferred
Stock to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own more than ,
in the aggregate, of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock calculated immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
shares of common stock upon the conversion of the Series H-3 Preferred Stock. 

In
the event of liquidation, the holders of the Series H-3 Preferred Stock are entitled, pari passu with the holders of common stock, to
receive a payment in the amount the holder would receive if such holder converted the Series H-3 Preferred Stock into common stock immediately
prior to the date of such payment. As of December 31, 2022 , such payment would be calculated
as follows: 

Multiplied by the stated
 value 

Equals the gross stated value 

Divided by the conversion
 price 

Equals the convertible
 shares of Company Common Stock 

Multiplied by the fair
 market value of Company Common Stock as of December 31, 2022 

Liquidation Value 

Series
H-6 Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
February 5, 2020, the Company filed the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series H-6 Preferred Stock (the Series
H-6 Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, establishing and designating the rights,
powers and preferences of the Series H-6 Preferred Stock. The Company designated up to shares of Series H-6 Preferred Stock and
each share has a stated value of (the H-6 Stated Value ). per share, which was then further reduced to 2.50 under the anti-dilution adjustment
provision, subject to a 9.99 blocker provision. The Series H-6 Preferred Stock has the same dividend rights as the common stock, except
as provided for in the Series H-6 Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law. The Series H-6 Preferred Stock also has
the same voting rights as the common stock, except that in no event shall a holder of Series H-6 Preferred Stock be permitted to exercise
a greater number of votes than such holder would have been entitled to cast if the Series H-6 Preferred Stock had immediately been converted
into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to . In addition, a holder (together with its affiliates) may not be permitted
to vote Series H-6 Preferred Stock held by such holder to the extent that such holder would beneficially own more than of our common
stock. In the event of any liquidation or dissolution, the Series H-6 Preferred Stock ranks senior to the common stock in the distribution
of assets, to the extent legally available for distribution. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
holders of Series H-6 Preferred Stock are entitled to certain anti-dilution adjustments if the Company issues shares of its common stock
at a lower price per share than the applicable conversion price of the Series H-6 Preferred Stock. If any such dilutive issuance occurs
prior to the conversion of the Series H-6 Preferred Stock, the conversion price will be adjusted downward to a price that cannot be less
than 20 of the exercise price of . 

In
the event of liquidation, the holders of the Series H-6 Preferred Stock are entitled, pari passu with the holders of common stock, to
receive a payment in the amount the holder would receive if such holder converted the Series H-6 Preferred Stock into common stock immediately
prior to the date of such payment. As of December 31, 2022, such payment would be calculated
as follows: 

Number of Series H Preferred Stock outstanding
 as of December 31, 2022 

Multiplied by the stated
 value 

Equals the gross stated value 

Divided by the conversion
 price 

Equals the convertible
 shares of Company Common Stock 

Multiplied by the fair
 market value of Company Common Stock as of December 31, 2022 

Liquidation Value 

AYRO
Series Seed Preferred Stock 

Prior
to the Merger, the Company was authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, no par value, of which all were designated as
Series Seed Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares of Series Seed
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. In conjunction with the Merger, all shares of AYRO Series Seed Preferred Stock
were converted into approximately shares of the Company Common Stock after taking into account the Exchange Ratio, Reverse
Stock Split and Stock Dividend. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Warrants 

AYRO
Seed Warrants 

Prior
to the Merger, the Company issued warrants (the AYRO Seed Warrants with an exercise price . The AYRO Seed
Warrants terminate five years from the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
AYRO Seed Warrants outstanding. 

Series
I Warrants 

As
a result of the Merger, Series I Warrants transferred to AYRO and have an exercise price of per share. for not less than the mandatory exercise measuring
period; (ii) the daily average number of shares of Common Stock traded during the mandatory exercise measuring period equals or exceeds
25,000; and (iii) no equity conditions failure has occurred as of such date, then the Company shall have the right to require the holder
to exercise all or any portion of the Series I Warrants still unexercised for a cash exercise. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
all Series I Warrants expired . 

Series
H-3 Warrants 

As
a result of the Merger, Series H-3 Warrants transferred to AYRO and have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments
(the Series H-3 Warrants ). Subject to certain ownership limitations, the Series H-3 Warrants are immediately exercisable
from the issuance date and will be exercisable for a period of five years from the issuance date. As
of December 31, 2022, all Series H-3 Warrants expired. 

Series
H-4 Warrants 

As
a result of the Merger, Series H-4 Warrants transferred to AYRO and have an exercise price of . The Series H-4 Warrants
contain an anti-dilution price protection and the warrants cannot be less than per share. As
of December 31, 2022, there were Series H-4 Warrants outstanding. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Series
J Warrants 

As
a result of the Merger, Series J Warrants transferred to AYRO. The terms of the Series J Warrants are substantially identical
to the terms of the Series H-4 Warrants except that (i) the exercise price is equal to per share, (ii) the Series J Warrants may
be exercised at all times beginning on the 6-month anniversary of the issuance date on a cash basis and also on a cashless basis, (iii)
the Series J Warrants do not contain any provisions for anti-dilution adjustment and (iv) the Company has the right to require the Holders
to exercise all or any portion of the Series J Warrants still unexercised for a cash exercise if the volume-weighted average price (VWAP)
(as defined in the Series J Warrant) for the Company s common stock equals or exceeds for not less than ten consecutive
trading days. 

As of December 31,
2022, there were Series J Warrants outstanding. 

Series
H-5 Warrants 

As
a result of the Merger, Series H-5 Warrants were transferred to AYRO and have an exercise price of per share. Subject to
certain ownership limitations, the H-5 Warrants will be exercisable beginning six months from the issuance date and will be exercisable
for a period of from the initial issuance date. 

to , resulting in an issuance of an additional warrants that are exercisable
at per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were Series H-5 Warrants outstanding. 

The
Series H-1, H-4, J and H-5 Warrants expire through the years 2023-2024. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other
AYRO Warrants 

On
June 19, 2020, the Company agreed to issue finder warrants (the June Finder Warrants to purchase shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to a finder or its designees, and the Company agreed to issue warrants
to Palladium (the June Placement Agent Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share. The June Finder Warrants and June Placement Agent Warrants terminate after a period of years on June 19,
2025. As of December 31, 2020, of the June Placement Agent Warrants had been exercised. As of December 31, 2022, the June
Finder Warrants were outstanding. 

On
July 8, 2020, the Company agreed to issue finder warrants (the July 8 Finder Warrants to purchase shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to a finder or its designees, and the Company agreed to issue warrants
to Palladium (the July 8 Placement Agent Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an
exercise price of per share. 

The
July 8 Finder Warrants and July 8 Placement Agent Warrants terminate after a period of years on July 8, 2025. As of December 31, 2022,
there were July 8 Finder Warrants and July 8 Placement Agent Warrants were outstanding. 

On
July 22, 2020, the Company agreed to issue warrants to Palladium (the July 22 Placement Agent Warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The July 22 Placement Agent Warrants terminate after
a period of years on July 22, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, there were July 22 Placement Agent Warrants outstanding. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
September 25, 2020, the Company issued a warrant (the September Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share to a vendor for facilitating a manufacturing agreement. The September Warrant was classified as equity and the estimated fair value
of per share was computed as of September 25, 2020, using the Black-Scholes model. The Company recorded as stock-based
compensation expense during the fourth quarter of 2020 for the total fair value of the September Warrant. As of December 31, 2022, there
were September Warrants outstanding. 

On
November 22, 2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with new and current stockholders of the Company, pursuant
to which such stockholders agreed to purchase shares of AYRO s Common Stock, Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants to purchase
AYRO s Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of . Each purchaser additionally purchased and received Series A
Warrants and Series B Warrants equal to 75 and 50 of the purchased shares, for a total of Series A Warrants and Series
B Warrants. The Series A Warrants were immediately exercisable, in whole or in part at a strike price of and expired on . The Series B Warrants are immediately exercisable, in whole or in part, at a strike price of , and terminate five years from
the date issuance on November 24, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, there were Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants outstanding. 

On
November 22, 2020, the Company agreed to issue finder warrants (the November Finder Warrants to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to a finder or its designees, and the Company agreed to
issue warrants to Palladium (the November Placement Agent Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock at an exercise price of per share. 

As of December
31, 2022, there were November Finder Warrants and November Placement Agent Warrants outstanding. 

On
January 25, 2021, AYRO entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors, pursuant to
which AYRO agreed to issue and sell in the January 2021 Offering an aggregate of shares of common stock of AYRO, par value
 per share, at an offering price of per share, for gross proceeds of approximately million before the deduction of
fees and offering expenses. 

Each
purchaser was also granted a warrant to purchase, between July 26, 2021 and July 26, 2023, additional shares of common stock equal to
the full amount of the common stock it purchased at the initial closing, or an aggregate of shares at an exercise price of
 per share. 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company agreed to issue warrants to Palladium, the placement agent for the January 2021 offering to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable six months following
issuance and terminate on July 23, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 all warrants are outstanding. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company agreed to issue warrants to Spartan Capital Securities, LLC and its affiliates (the February Finder
Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share and to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share to a finder or its designees. In addition,
the Company agreed to issue warrants to Palladium (the February Placement Agent Warrants to purchase shares of
the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The February Finder Warrants and February Placement Agent
Warrants terminate after a period of years on February 26, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, there were February Finder Warrants
and February Placement Agent Warrants were outstanding. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31,2022 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of its common stock pursuant to the AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, including
shares of restricted stock that have been issued. The Company has stock options, restricted stock and warrants remaining under
this plan as of December 31, 2022. 

AYRO
2017 Long Term Incentive Plan 

The
Company has reserved a total of shares of its common stock pursuant to the AYRO, Inc. 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The Company
had shares of common stock outstanding under the plan at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, shares remained available
for grant under future awards under the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan. In conjunction with the 2020 incentive plan, the remaining unissued
amounts were cancelled. 

DropCar
Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company s equity incentive plan created in 2014 (the 2014 Plan was amended in 2018 to increase the number of shares
of Company common stock available for issuance. Pursuant to the 2014 Plan, shares of common stock were reserved for issuance.
As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the 2014 Plan. 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Options 

Exercised 

Forfeitures 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeitures 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Of
the outstanding options, were vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 the aggregate intrinsic value
of stock options vested and exercisable was . 

The
Company recognized and of stock option expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total
compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards not yet recognized as of December 31, 2022 was a nd
will be recognized on a straight-line basis through the end of the vesting periods through April 2025. The amount of future stock option
compensation expense could be affected by any future option grants or by any forfeitures. 

Determining
the appropriate fair value of the stock-based awards requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the Company s
common stock, and for stock options, the expected life of the option, and the expected stock price volatility. The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to value its stock option awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent
management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. The Company
granted shares on May 6, 2022, at a grant date fair value of . As a result, if factors change and management uses different
assumptions, stock-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

n/a 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 n/a 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 n/a 
 
 Stock Price 
 
 n/a 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 n/a 

The
expected life of the employee stock options was estimated using the simplified method, as the Company has no historical
information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and employment duration for its stock option grants. The
simplified method is based on the average of the vesting tranches and the contractual life of each grant. The expected life of awards
that vest immediately use the contractual maturity since they are vested when issued. For stock price volatility, the Company uses public
company comparable data and in periods prior to the Merger historical private placement data as a basis for its expected volatility to
calculate the fair value of option grants. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury notes with a term approximating the
expected life of the option at the grant-date. 

Restricted
Stock 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeitures 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

In
September 2020, the Company issued shares of restricted stock to current directors, of which immediately vested and the
remainder to The Company recognized compensation
expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. 

In
December 2020, based on objectives achieved, the Company issued shares of restricted stock to Rodney C. Keller, Jr. that vest
according to In September 2021 all unvested shares of Keller Restricted Stock vested pursuant to Mr. Keller s
separation agreement. Compensation expense recognized for the Keller Restricted Stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
was and , respectively. 

AYRO,
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
February 24, 2021, pursuant to the AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company issued shares of restricted stock to
non-executive directors at a value of per share. All awards vested during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recognized
compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 of . 

In
September 2021, pursuant to the employment agreement with Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger, the Company issued shares of restricted
stock at a value of per share. Vesting will occur as predetermined value-based targets are met. We estimate the fair value of stock-based
and cash unit awards containing a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Key inputs and assumptions used in the Monte
Carlo simulation model include the stock price of the award on the grant date, the expected term, the risk-free interest rate over the
expected term, the expected annual dividend yield and the expected stock price volatility. The Company does not currently pay or plan
to pay a dividend on its common stock, the expected dividend yield was zero. Volatility was determined using a three-year lookback with
a determination. The expected term is December 27, 2023 for the fifth and final tranche. During the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 the Company recognized and respectively. Total compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock not
yet recognized as of December 31, 2022 was and will be recognized on a straight-line basis per target through the end of each
vesting period through December 2023. 

On
February 1, 2022, pursuant to the AYRO, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company issued shares of restricted stock to
non-executive directors at a value of per share. shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. The remainder vested
in full in January 2023. The Company recognized compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and
 respectively. remained unrecognized as of December 31, 2022. 

On
August 23, 2022, pursuant to the employment agreement with David E. Hollingsworth, the Company issued shares of restricted stock
at a value of per share. Vesting will occur as predetermined value-based targets are met. We estimate the fair value of stock-based
and cash unit awards containing a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 the Company recognized and respectively. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, respectively, of the Company s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
two customers and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Accounts
Receivable 

As
of December 31, 2022 one customer accounted for 100 of the Company s net accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021 two customers
accounted for more than 10 of the Company s net accounts receivable. One customer accounted for approximately of the Company s
gross account receivable and a second customer accounted for approximately 10 of the Company s gross account receivable. 

Purchasing 

The
Company places orders with various suppliers. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, three suppliers accounted for more than
10 of the Company s raw materials. One supplier, Cenntro Automotive Group Cenntro ), a related party see
Note 14 accounted for approximately 
and ,
respectively, of the Company s purchases of raw materials during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The second supplier
accounted for 
and ,
respectively, of the Company s purchases of raw materials during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The third supplier
accounted for 
of the Company s purchases of raw materials during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Manufacturing 

On
May 31, 2022, the Company received a letter from Cenntro purporting to terminate all agreements and contracts between the Company
and Cenntro. Although the Company does not believe Cenntro s termination of the Cenntro MLA is valid, the Company has
determined to cease production of the AYRO 411x and focus its resources on the development and launch of the Vanish. The Company has
canceled all purchase orders and future builds with Cenntro and currently intends to only order replacement parts for vehicles from
Cenntro in the future. The Company is in discussions with Cenntro concerning the potential repurchase by Cenntro of unsaleable
inventory due to quality concerns. AYRO expects to lose its exclusive license under the Cenntro MLA, in which case Cenntro could
sell similar products through other companies or directly to the Company s customers, which could have a material adverse
effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for each year and recorded as a component of accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 
to a member of the Board of Directors for approved consulting services. 

. 

The
Company paid Karma an amount of for the first production level builds and for setup costs. In addition, the Company
issued warrants to an advisor to the transaction with a fair value of due at signing of the contract, which amount was expensed
in the prior year. The payment was recorded as prepaid expense as of December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded expense of related to the Karma Agreement for the assembly of the AYRO 411 and 411x vehicles (the AYRO 411 Fleet ),
of which was recorded to reduce the total remaining prepaid expense to match the expected number of 411x vehicles to be built
in 2022. This amount was recorded against cost of goods for direct labor as part of the first production level builds, and was
recorded for pre-production costs. No prepaid balance remained as of December 31, 2022. 

On
July 28, 2022, the Company partnered with Linamar Corporation Linamar a Canadian manufacturer, in a manufacturing agreement
(the Linamar MLA to provide certain sub assembly and assembly parts, including the cabin frame and skate for the Vanish
(collectively, the Products ). During the term of the Linamar MLA, Linamar has the exclusive right to supply the Products
to the Company, subject to certain exceptions. The Linamar MLA has an initial term of three years and will automatically renew for successive
two-year terms unless either party has given at least 12 months written notice of nonrenewal. Either party may terminate the Linamar
MLA at any time upon 12 months written notice, and in the event of a change in control of the Company prior to the end of the
initial term, the Company may terminate upon written notice within three days of completion of such change in control. 

In
the event the Company terminates the Linamar MLA prior to its expiration, whether following a change in control or otherwise, the Company
must purchase any remaining raw material inventory, finished goods inventory and work in progress and any unamortized capital equipment
used in production and testing of the Products and pay a termination fee of , subject to certain adjustments. The Company is
dependent on the Linamar MLA, and in the event of its termination the Company s manufacturing operations and customer deliveries
would be materially impacted. 

Under
the Linamar MLA, the Company must commit to certain minimum purchase requirements, to be determined by AYRO on a quarterly basis. 

Supply
Chain Agreements 

In
2017, the Company executed a supply chain contract with Cenntro, which has historically been the Company s primary supplier. Prior
to the Merger, Cenntro was a significant shareholder in AYRO Operating. Cenntro owns the design of the AYRO 411 Fleet vehicles and has
granted the Company an exclusive license to purchase the AYRO 411 Fleet vehicles for sale in North America. The Company purchased 100 
of its vehicle chassis, cabs and wheels for AYRO 411 Fleet Vehicles through this supply chain relationship with Cenntro. The Company
must sell a minimum number of units in order to maintain its exclusive supply chain contract. See Note 12 for concentration amounts. 

As
of December 31, 2021 the net balance between prepaid expenses and accrued expenses with Cenntro was a prepaid balance of . As
of December 31, 2022 the balance was . Impairments of prepaid expenses led to a write-down, netted with the balance in accrued expenses.
The remainder of the balance was expensed through cost of goods sold for . Additionally, all inventory associated with Cenntro s
NCM line was written off to cost of goods sold for . 

The
Company has canceled all purchase orders and future builds with Cenntro and currently intends to only order replacement parts from Cenntro
in the future. 

Lease
Agreements 

In
2019 the Company entered into a new lease agreement for office and manufacturing space. The lease commencement date was January 16, 2020.
Prior to the commencement date of the new lease agreement, the Company leased other office and manufacturing space on a short-term basis.
The Company determined if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the contract and whether a contract is or contains a lease by determining
whether it conveys the right to control the use of identified asset for a period of time. The contact provides the right to substantially
all the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset and the right to direct use of the identified asset, as such, the contract
is, or contains, a lease. In connection with the adoption of ASC 842, Leases , the Company has elected to treat the lease and non-lease
components as a single component. 

During
March 2021, the In connection with the adoption of ASC 842, Leases , the Company has elected
to treat the lease and non-lease components as a single component. 

Leases
were classified as an operating lease at inception. An operating lease results in the recognition of a Right-of-Use ROU assets and lease liability on the balance sheet. ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value
of lease payments over the lease term as of the commencement date. Because the lease does not provide an explicit or implicit rate of
return, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining
the present value of lease payments on an individual lease basis. 

The
incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest the Company would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount
equal to the lease payments for the asset under similar term, which is . Lease expense for the lease is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company s leases do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Leases with a lease term of 12
months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The
remaining term for the Company s lease as of December 31, 2022 is years. The Company currently has no finance leases. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities- operating cash flows
from operating lease was and respectively. 

Short-term lease expense 

Total lease cost 

Total
 lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Lease obligation 
 operating lease 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Lease
 obligation - operating lease, net of current portion 

Total
 lease liability 

Weighted average discount
 rate operating lease 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Supplemental non-cash amounts of lease liabilities
 arising from obtaining right of use assets 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less effects of discounting 

Present value of
 future minimum lease payments 

Litigation 

The
Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business,
that it believes are incidental to the operation of its business. While the outcome of these claims cannot be predicted with certainty,
management does not believe that the outcome of any of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations,
financial positions or cash flows. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
February 12, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Arcimoto, Inc. to settle certain patent infringement claims (the Arcimoto
Settlement for a de minimis amount, pursuant to which the Company agreed to cease the production, importation and sale of the
AYRO 311, among other things. Accordingly, the Company would not be contractually permitted to resume production of the AYRO 311. 

As
of January 1, 2019, DropCar had accrued approximately for the settlement of multiple employment disputes. As of December 31,
2021 the accrual balance was , as of December 31, 2022 the remainder has been paid. 

On
March 23, 2018, DropCar was made aware of an audit being conducted by the New York State Department of Labor DOL regarding
a claim filed by an employee. The DOL is investigating whether DropCar properly paid overtime for which DropCar has raised several defenses.
In addition, the DOL is conducting its audit to determine whether the Company owes spread of hours pay (an hour s pay for each
day an employee worked or was scheduled for a period over ten hours in a day). Management believes the case has no merit. 

DropCar
was a defendant in a class action lawsuit which resulted in a judgement entered into whereby the Company is required to pay legal fees
in the amount of to the plaintiff s counsel. As of December 31, 2022 there is no balance due. 

DropCar
was audited by the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance DOTF for its sales tax paid over the period of 2017
 2020. The DOTF believes DropCar owes additional sales tax plus interest. Management is investigating the details this audit.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company has accrued in expense for such additional sales tax and interest and paid as of December
31, 2022. 

AYRO,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Permanent differences - equity based compensation 

Income tax benefit attributable to U.S. states 

Permanent difference - non-deductible compensation 
 - 

Basis adjustments 
 - 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Total income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Intangible assets 

Capitalized research and development expense 
 
 - 
 
 Equity based compensation 

Warrants 

Accrued compensation 

Property and equipment 

Lease liability 

Other 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

ROU asset 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset/(liability) 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and projections for future taxable income over periods in which the deferred
tax assets are deductible. Management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of these deductible
differences. A valuation allowance has been applied to the amount of deferred tax assets Management expects will be unrealized. 

Management
does not believe that there are significant uncertain tax positions in 2022. There are no interest and penalties related to
uncertain tax positions in 2022. The Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of 
and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
of the federal net operating loss is subject to a 
of the federal net operating loss has an indefinite carry forward period subjected to 80 of taxable income. The Company had state
net operating loss carryforwards totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The Company has various state net operating loss carryforwards. The determination of the state net operating loss carryforwards is
dependent upon apportionment percentages and state laws that can change from year to year and impact the amount of such
carryforwards. If such net operating loss carryforwards are not utilized, they will begin to expire in 2031. 

AYRO,
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Georgia 

Federal
and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of NOL carryforwards in the event of an ownership change for income
tax purposes, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ). Pursuant to IRC Section 382, annual use of
the Company s NOL carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within a three-year
period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382 analysis regarding the limitation of NOL carryforwards. 

However,
it is possible that past ownership changes will result in the inability to utilize a significant portion of the Company s NOL carryforward
that was generated prior to any change of control. The Company s ability to use its remaining NOL carryforwards may be further
limited if the Company experiences an IRC Section 382 ownership change in connection with future changes in the Company s stock
ownership. 

Certain
deferred tax assets from DropCar, such as NOL carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards are not included in the Company s deferred
tax assets as they are expected to be fully limited under IRC Section 382 as a result of the merger. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize research and experimental expenditures under
IRC Section 174 for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. This rule became effective for this Company during the year ended December
31, 2022 and resulted in the capitalization of research and development costs of . Before the TCJA, businesses have had the
option of deducting Section 174 expenses in the year incurred or capitalizing and amortizing the costs over five years. The Company will
amortize these costs for tax purposes over five years if the research and development was performed in the U.S. and over 15 years if
research and development was performed outside the U.S. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was enacted into law. This Act includes a 15.0 percent book minimum tax on the adjusted
financial statement income of applicable corporations, a number of clean-energy tax credits, and a 1.0 percent excise tax on certain
stock buybacks. The Company does not expect these changes to have a material impact on the provision for income taxes or the financial
statements. 

shares of common stock upon the vesting of restricted stock on January 27, 2023. 

F- 36 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of AYRO Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. s 333-236330, 333-136618,
333-140546, 333-142846, 333-146106, 333-149788, 333-165927, 333-207205, 333-215729, 333-217768, 333-224300, 333-227858, 333-240314, 333-248543
and 333-251001) and Form S-8 (File No. s 333-128488, 333-158232, 333-216145, 333-225790, 333-240316 and 333-251029) of our report
dated March 23, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of AYRO Inc. as of and for the year ended December
31, 2022 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AYRO Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 East
Hanover, NJ 

 March
23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of AYRO, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. s
333-236330, 333-136618, 333-140546, 333-142846, 333-146106, 333-149788, 333-165927, 333-207205, 333-215729, 333-217768, 333-224300,
333-227858, 333-240314, 333-248543 and 333-251001) and Form S-8 (File No. s 333-128488, 333-158232, 333-216145, 333-225790,
333-240316 and 333-251029) of our report dated March 23, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AYRO Inc. for
the year ended December 31, 2022. We were dismissed as auditors on September 21, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any
audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements incorporated by reference for the periods after the date of our
dismissal. 

/s/
 Friedman LLP 

FRIEDMAN
 LLP 

East
 Hanover, NJ 

March
 23, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302 

I,
Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AYRO, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 

/s/
 Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger 

Thomas
 M. Wittenschlaeger 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 302 

I,
David E. Hollingsworth, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AYRO, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 

/s/
 David E. Hollingsworth 

David
 E. Hollingsworth 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 906 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
each of the undersigned officers of AYRO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s
knowledge and in the capacity of an officer, that: 

The
Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the
Form 10-K. 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas M. Wittenschlaeger 

Thomas
 M. Wittenschlaeger 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David E. Hollingsworth 

David
 E. Hollingsworth 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ayro-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ayro-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ayro-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ayro-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

