<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1676580_0001493152-23-010036.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4175831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155171</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>761637</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1309940</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>842290</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1012454</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010036.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331120054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISION ENERGY Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001676580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		IRS NUMBER:				474823945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55802
		FILM NUMBER:		23785298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		551-298-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VISION HYDROGEN Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	H/Cell Energy Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010036.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period
from _________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing sales price of the
common stock as quoted on the OTCQB was . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 15 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 18 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 19 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 26 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 27 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 27 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 28 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 29 

Signatures 
 30 

2 

PART
I 

Forward
Looking Statement 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, 
 estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but
are not deemed to represent an all- inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our Management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those specifically addressed under the heading Risks Factors below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In addition, the
SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, our, 
 Vision, Vision Energy or the Company refer to Vision Energy Corporation (f/k/a Vision Hydrogen
Corporation) and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Overview 

Vision Energy Corporation identifies
energy commodities and focuses on originating and developing energy infrastructure projects and assets which facilitate the energy transition
through low-carbon energy solutions. The Company leverages its experienced Team with a vast proven track-record in site procurement,
accelerating development permitting, facilities design, engineering studies and project management to deliver an efficient and method
driven project development process. Vision pursues commercial relationships and operating partnerships with energy industry participants
and off-takers seeking carbon abatement across feedstock and fuels. Vision Energy is committed to providing low carbon energy solutions
whilst targeting an attractive investment yield, by utilizing and leveraging existing gas, power, and logistics infrastructure to enable
import and or distribution of reduced-carbon energy for domestic and global value chains. 

Vision Energy was
incorporated in the state of Nevada on August 17, 2015, and is based in Jersey City, New Jersey. Originally incorporated as H /Cell
Energy Corporation, the Company changed its name to Vision Hydrogen Corporation in October 2020 and then to its current name Vision
Energy Corporation in November 2022. Since inception, the Company has been involved in the hydrogen and renewable energy space. The
Company has six subsidiaries: Vision Energy Holdings AG (f/k/a VisionH2 Holdings AG), Vision Hydrogen BV, Evolution Operating BV,
Evolution Terminals SPV II BV, Evolution Terminals BV, ETBV Vision Energy UK Ltd. 

Our wholly owned
subsidiary ETBV is developing a substantial Green Energy Hub which is comprised of the sustainable import, storage and throughput
of new energy products and low-carbon fuels. The Green Energy Hub is in the advanced stages of development and will be a major hub for
import and supply of hydrogen carriers and renewable energy products to Europe. 

Recent
Developments 

Forward
Stock Split; Name and Symbol Changes 

On November 8, 2022,
we effectuated a two-for-one (2:1) forward split of our common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and simultaneously increased our
number of authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. Concurrent with the forward split, the Company changed its
name from Vision Hydrogen Corporation to Vision Energy Corporation, pursuant to a merger with a wholly owned
subsidiary. On December 7, 2022, our stock began to trade under a new symbol, VENG. 

3 

Acquisition
of VoltH2 Holdings AG 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with VoltH2 Holdings AG, a Swiss corporation Volt H2 ), and
the other shareholders of VoltH2 (each, a Seller , and together, the Sellers pursuant to which Vision acquired
VoltH2 (the Acquisition ). VoltH2 is a European-based developer of clean hydrogen production facilities for the supply of
commercial offtake volumes of clean hydrogen to manufacturers, gas and power traders, industrial consumers, and both heavy and marine
transportation sectors that have pivoted away from carbon emitting energy sources and fuels. 

Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Vision acquired an 84.1 interest of VoltH2, and together with its existing 15.9 ownership interest, owned 100 of VoltH2. The Acquisition was completed in exchange for 16,818,182 shares of our common stock (the Consideration
Shares ). In connection with the Acquisition, we also entered into an indemnification escrow agreement with one of the Sellers
providing for the periodic release of up to 3,536,364 of the Consideration Shares, as well as a pledge and security agreement which granted
us a continuing security interest in the Escrowed Shares to secure such Seller s indemnity obligations under the Stock Purchase
Agreement. As mentioned earlier the acquisition consideration consisted of 16,818,182 shares of Vision common stock
granted on the acquisition date of November 8, 2021, at a closing market price of 5.50. A deemed dividend for the excess share price over
cost basis of the net assets of 1,340,426) was recorded in the amount of 93,840,427. 

Sale
of Dutch Projects 

On
May 6, 2022, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, VisionH2 Holdings AG VisionH2 ), entered into a Share Purchase
Agreement with Volt Energy BV, pursuant to which we agreed to sell our 100 interest in our Vlissingen green hydrogen development
project and our 50 interest in our Terneuzen green hydrogen development project and related assets to the Purchaser in exchange for
 11,250,000 of cash and the 3,536,364 shares of our common stock held by the Purchaser. 

Acquisition
of Evolution Terminals 

On
May 30, 2022, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with ETBV, a Dutch corporation, and
ETBV s sole shareholder, First Finance Europe Ltd., a UK company, pursuant to which we acquired ETBV for a purchase price of 3,500,000
in cash and 3,000,000 shares of our common stock. At the time of closing, ETBV s primary business was the development of 16.4 -hectare
port development project for the import, storage and distribution of low carbon and renewable fuels, including hydrogen carriers such
as ammonia, methanol, and liquid organics, located in Vlissingen (Flushing) at the mouth of the Westerschelde estuary in the Netherlands. 

With
the sale of the Dutch Projects the Company changed its business focus from developing clean hydrogen production facilities to developing
midstream infrastructure for import, storage and distribution of low-carbon energy products and hydrogen carriers to global customers
and supply-chains. ETBV is developing a bulk liquid import and storage facility for the products mentioned above. 

The
development plan of ETBV consists of three phases. Phase one is the construction of infrastructure including ammonia storage, jetty,
rail, and truck loading. Phase two and three consist of expansion of storage capacity and the integration of an ammonia cracker to crack
ammonia to hydrogen gas for future distribution via the European Hydrogen Backbone (EHB). 

ETBV has contracted a
development team with a proven track record in providing a full range of project development and management services across all
aspects of onshore and offshore tank terminal developments. ETBV s team has many years of experience, staffed by former
employees of major industry leaders such as Vopak, Tebodin, Oiltanking, Van Oord and Bluewater. The team possess the capabilities
and experience to manage a full and holistic process for tank terminal development as the members have managed numerous projects
from conception to operation around the world. Collectively, the team has developed over 8 million cubic meters cbm of storage capacity and possesses in-depth knowledge and experience with bulk terminal project development. The team has developed a
comprehensive and bespoke project development methodology intended to assure an efficient process from inception to delivery. 

Market
Potential 

We believe Vision Energy can
benefit from the European Hydrogen Backbone (EHB) initiative which aims to diversify gas supplies and speed up the roll-out of
renewable gases and hydrogen in Europe. Setting a goal to reach an additional 20 million tons (Mt) of renewable hydrogen 10
Mt domestically produced, and 10 Mt imported in addition to the 5.6 Mt foreseen under the European Commission renewable
energy initiative Fit for 55 , going beyond the targets of the European Union (EU) s hydrogen strategy. Vision
Energy assets are located in proximity to a future H2 Backbone connection planned in Zeeland, Netherlands. Governments have
committed to decarbonize shipping by 2050, supporting industrial-scale zero-emission shipping projects through national and regional
action, and delivering the policy measures that will make zero-emission shipping the default choice by 2030. Worldwide production of
ammonia is around 180 million tons per year and the demand is increasing due to large scale agricultural activities. More than 80 
of ammonia is used as feed stock for production of fertilizers. The rest is used in the chemical industry as feedstock for plastics,
fibers, explosives, nitric acid and intermediates for dyes and pharmaceuticals. The potential as a hydrogen carrier may make green
ammonia key in transporting energy between continents as renewable energy markets thrive. 

4 

Competition 

In
Europe, the market for renewable energy hubs is growing. For example, in 2021 Global Energy Storage GES announced its first
major investment at Europoort in the Port of Rotterdam. In addition, a green energy import terminal is to be built at the port of
Hamburg by Air Products and Oiltanking Deutschland, which is a subsidiary of the energy company Mabanaft. This large-scale green energy
terminal will be the first of its kind in Germany and is expected to start providing hydrogen to Germany by 2026. We believe that all
competitors will face a high demand for their products. 

Government
Regulations; Regulatory Matters 

Our
business activities require compliance with government and provisional regulations, including environmental regulations. Each site must
adhere to specific regulatory requirements of the permits. Without environmental permits and compliance with international environmental
and health safety and environmental standards, projects cannot reach the engineering, procurement, and construction phase. 

Government
Incentives 

We intend to focus on states
or regions where government support of a regulatory standard that promotes renewable energy and hydrogen production and consumption.
Governments in multiple jurisdictions have established various incentives and financial mechanisms to accelerate and promote the use of hydrogen as
renewable energy sources. These incentives may take the form of support for infrastructure and hydrogen transportation versus
monetary incentives. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had nine full-time employees. We plan to hire employees on an as-needed basis. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

We
have a short operating history and have generated minimal revenue to date. This makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and increases
the risk that we will not be successful. 

The Company was incorporated in August 2015. As a result, we have a limited operating history
for you to evaluate in assessing our prospects. We are subject to all risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our likelihood
of continued success must be considered considering the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the services industry and the competitive and regulatory environment in which we operate. As a new industry, there
are few established companies whose business models we can follow. Similarly, there is little information about comparable companies
for potential investors to review in deciding about whether to invest in the Company. 

Potential
investors should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success considering the risks and uncertainties generally encountered
by companies that, like us, are in their early stages. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully
implement our operating strategies. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations
and could impair the value of our common stock to the point investors may lose their entire investment. 

We
expect to incur significant losses in the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Investment
in our company is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that, as a company
in a new industry, we may never become commercially viable. We expect to incur operating losses in the foreseeable future as we execute
our business plan. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable
future. These losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our financial position and working capital. 

5 

To
become and remain profitable, we must develop or acquire strategic energy assets with significant market potential. This will require
us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including identifying and acquiring target sites, developing the necessary
infrastructure at sites for delivery and logistics, obtaining governmental approvals, acquiring customers, and marketing our services.
We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we succeed, we may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve
profitability. In addition, as a young business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other
known and unknown challenges. Furthermore, because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with entering a nascent market,
we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability.
If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis and we may continue
to incur substantial development and other expenditures to acquire and build out additional sites. Our failure to become and remain profitable
would decrease the value of the company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our development efforts, expand our business,
or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

To
execute our overall business strategy, we will likely require additional working capital, which may not be available on terms favorable
to us or at all. If additional capital is not available or is available at unattractive terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce the
scope of or eliminate our operations. 

We
have an ambitious business plan for strong growth of our business, which will likely require us to raise additional financing to supplement
our cash flows from operations to fully execute. We intend to use proceeds from our recent sale of our Dutch Projects to implement our
business strategy. We also expect that we will require additional financing to execute our business strategy. To the extent we raise
additional capital through the sale of equity securities, the issuance of those securities could result in dilution to our shareholders.
In addition, if we obtain debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal
and interest on such indebtedness, thus limiting funds available for our business activities. If adequate funds are not available, we
may be required to reduce our marketing and sales efforts or reduce or curtail our operations. 

There
can be no assurance that if we were to need additional funds to meet obligations we have incurred, or may incur in the future, that additional
financing arrangements would be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Furthermore, if adequate additional funds
are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate material parts of the implementation of our business
strategy. 

Risks
Related to Our Company and Our Business 

We
may be unable to successfully identify, execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, or effectively disentangle divested businesses. 

Our
ability to generate revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in large part on our ability to identify, successfully
acquire and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices, and realize expected growth, synergies, and operating efficiencies.
We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. In addition, our results of operations and
cash flows may be adversely impacted by the failure of acquired businesses or assets to meet expected returns, the failure to integrate
acquired businesses, and the discovery of unanticipated liabilities or other problems in acquired businesses or assets for which we lack
adequate contractual protections or insurance. In addition, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions that do not
meet expectations. 

We
continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our
strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. For example, this past year, we determined our Dutch Projects
were not a strategic fit with our goal of developing the market in integrated energy hubs for the import, storage, processing and
distribution of low-carbon and renewable energy products and fuels. As a result, the decision was made to exit and monetize the Dutch Projects. 

These
transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. For example, when we decide
to sell or otherwise dispose of a business or assets, we may be unable to do so on satisfactory terms within our anticipated time frame
or at all. In addition, divestitures or other dispositions may dilute our earnings per share, have other adverse financial and accounting
impacts, distract management, and give rise to disputes with buyers. 

Delays
in or not completing our development goals may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

If we experience delays in meeting our development goals, our products
exhibit technical defects, or if we are unable to meet cost or performance goals, including, useful life and reliability, the profitable
commercialization of our products will be delayed. In this event, potential purchasers of our products may choose alternative technologies
and any delays could allow potential competitors to gain market advantages. We cannot be assured that we will successfully meet our commercialization
schedule in the future, or at all. 

6 

Our
lack of diversification will increase the risk of an investment in us, and our financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate
if we fail to diversify. 

Our
current business focuses primarily on one area of renewable energy space. Larger companies can manage their risk by diversification.
However, we currently lack diversification, specifically in terms of the nature of our business. As a result, we will likely be impacted
more acutely by factors affecting our industry and the sector in which we operate, than we would if our business were more diversified,
enhancing our risk profile. 

Global
economic uncertainty and financial market volatility caused by political instability, changes in international trade relationships and
conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could make it more difficult for us to access financing and could adversely
affect our business and operations. 

Our
ability to raise capital is subject to the risk of adverse changes in the market value of our stock. Periods of macroeconomic weakness
or recession and heightened market volatility caused by adverse geopolitical developments could increase these risks, potentially resulting
in adverse impacts on our ability to raise further capital on favorable terms. The impact of geopolitical tension, such as a deterioration
in the bilateral relationship between the US and China or an escalation in conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including any resulting
sanctions, export controls or other restrictive actions that may be imposed by the US and/or other countries against governmental or
other entities in, for example, Russia, also could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global trade patterns, which may
in turn impact our ability to source necessary reagents, raw materials and other inputs for our research and development operations. 

We
may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 

Inflation
has the potential to adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity by increasing our overall
cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices, we charge our customers. The existence
of inflation in the economy has the potential to result in higher interest rates and capital costs, supply shortages, increased costs
of labor and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we may experience increases in the costs of labor, materials, and other
inputs, such as engineering consultants. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation through [pricing actions
and] efficiency gains, if these measures are not effective our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity could
be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial
actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. Additionally, the pricing actions we take could
result in a decrease in market share. 

Risks
Related to Governmental Regulation 

Our
business may become subject to increased government regulation. 

Our
planned development sites are expected to be subject to certain federal, local, and non-U.S. laws and regulations, including, for example,
state and local ordinances relating to building codes, public safety, electrical and gas pipeline connections, hydrogen transportation
and siting and related matters. See Business Government Regulations; Regulatory Matters for additional information.
In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. If any governmental sanctions
are imposed, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding
to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional
fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Employees, Managing Our Growth and Other Legal Matters 

We
are highly dependent on the services of our key personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on the services of Andrew Hromyk, our Chief Executive Officer, Arron Smyth, our Executive Vice President, and Matthew
Hidalgo, our Chief Financial Officer. Matthew Hidalgo has an employment agreement through May 9, 2023, and we have no agreements with
Andrew Hromyk or Arron Smyth. Each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time, though we are not aware of any present
intention of any of these individuals to leave us. If we were to lose the services of these executives, we may experience difficulties
in effectively developing our technology and implementing our business strategies. 

We
expect to expand our development and operational capabilities and, as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth,
which could disrupt our operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had nine full-time employees. As we identify and develop assets, we expect to experience significant growth
in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the area of sales and marketing. To manage our
anticipated future growth, we must: 

identify,
 recruit integrate, maintain, and motivate additional qualified personnel; 

identify
 and develop additional assets and projects; 

improve
 our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

7 

Our
future financial performance and our ability to identify, acquire and develop assets and projects on a plant-size scale will depend,
in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert financial and other
resources, and a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities to devote a substantial amount of time, to
managing these growth activities. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization, we may not achieve our development
goals. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate U.S. federal net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards of approximately 1,321,270 million.
Our U.S. federal NOLs generated in taxable years ending prior to 2018 could expire unused. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as
modified by the CARES Act, U.S. federal NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward
indefinitely, but the deductibility of such U.S. federal NOLs in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, is generally limited to
80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or the CARES
Act. 

In
addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership
change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the
corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits)
to offset its post-change income may be limited. It is possible that we have experienced one or more ownership changes in the past. In
addition, we may also experience ownership changes in the future because of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may
be outside of our control. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards
to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability
to us. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could
accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our
officers, directors and principal shareholders will own a controlling interest in our voting stock and investors will not have any voice
in our management. 

As
of March 31, 2023, our officers, directors and principal shareholders, in the aggregate, beneficially own or control the votes of approximately
57.53 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will have the ability to control substantially
all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including: 

election
 of our board of directors; 

removal
 of any of our directors; 

amendment
 of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; and 

adoption
 of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination
 involving us. 

As
a result of their ownership and positions, our directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders collectively are able to influence
all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In
addition, sales of significant amounts of shares held by our directors, executive officers or principal shareholders, or the prospect
of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Management s stock ownership may discourage a potential
acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent
our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

We
may raise capital through the sale of our securities in either private placements or a public offering, which offerings would dilute
the ownership of existing shareholders. 

If
our operations require additional capital in the future, we may sell additional shares of our common stock and/or securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of our common stock. Such offerings may be in private placements or a public offering.
If we conduct such additional offerings, existing stockholders will experience dilution of their ownership of the Company. 

8 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock
or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of our present stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 200,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of blank
check preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable
for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital
raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock may create downward
pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We will likely need to raise additional capital in the near future to meet our working
capital needs, and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities
in the future in conjunction with this capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise or conversion prices) that could be
below the price an investor paid for stock. 

The
OTC Markets has labeled our common stock with the warning sign Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware) which makes our common stock
substantially less attractive to investors and harms our ability to raise capital on attractive terms, if at all, and may cause
our business to be materially and adversely affected . 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company was informed by the OTC Markets Group Inc. OTC Markets of certain promotional material
that encouraged investors to purchase or trade the Company s common stock. On Jan. 10, 2022, the Company was informed that, due
to the ongoing promotional campaign, the Company will be moved from the OTCQB Market to the Pink Market effective January 11, 2023. On
January 20, 2023, we were assigned a Caveat Emptor designation by OTC Markets. 

As stated in the
Company s December 8, 2022, news release, management conducted an inquiry based on the information provided on December 6, 2022
by OTC Markets and determined that no directors, officers, control persons, controlling shareholders (defined as shareholders owning 10 
or more of the Company s securities) or third-party service providers contracted to the Company have been involved, directly or
indirectly, in any way (including payment of a third-party) with the creation, distribution or payment of promotional materials related
to the Company and its securities that OTC Markets brought to the Company s attention. None of the management, officers, directors,
control persons, controlling shareholders or investor relations firms contracted to the Company has any knowledge regarding the source
of the referenced promotional material. 

The OTC Markets assigns a Caveat Emptor designation to a company s
stock symbol to inform current and potential investors that there may be reasons to exercise additional care when deciding whether they
should continue or begin their investment in such company. Typically, the OTC Markets will continue to display such designation until
the OTC Markets believes there is no longer a public interest concern. The designation of the Caveat Emptor symbol does not suspend or
halt our trading on the OTC Markets. However, if one owns our stock while the Caveat Emptor designation remains, it may be almost
impossible to sell our shares, resulting in no liquidity, and it may be impossible for buyers to buy, as certain brokerage firms will
not execute orders for stocks with Caveat Emptor designations. Our stock will essentially have extremely limited liquidity
while the designator exists. The Company is actively working with OTC Markets to have the designation lifted. 

The
market price of our common stock may, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors
that are beyond our control, including: 

dilution
 caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock and other forms of equity securities, which we expect to make in connection
 with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth, to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with
 future strategic partnerships or acquisitions of other companies; 

quarterly
 variations in our revenues and operating expenses; 

changes
 in the valuation of similarly situated companies, both in our industry and in other industries; 

changes
 in analysts estimates affecting our company, our competitors and/or our industry; 

changes
 in the accounting methods used in or otherwise affecting our industry; 

additions
 and departures of key personnel; 

announcements
 of technological innovations or new technologies or services available to the renewable energy industry; 

fluctuations
 in interest rates and the availability of capital in the capital markets; 

significant
 sales of our common stock; and 

removal of the Caveat Emptor designation and relisting
 on the OTCQB, of which can t be guaranteed. 

These
and other factors are largely beyond our control, and the impact of these risks, single or in aggregate, may result in material adverse
changes to the market price of our Common Stock and/or our results of our operations and financial condition. 

9 

The
rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our
articles of incorporation give our board of directors the right to create a new series of preferred stock. As a result, the board of
directors may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation, or other rights which
could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with
the right to more than one vote per share, could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change of control.
The possible impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Although we have no present intention
to issue any shares of preferred stock or to create a series of preferred stock, we may issue such shares in the future. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any lockup periods
or the statutory holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion of preferred stock, it could create a circumstance commonly
referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA
has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for
broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have
an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

General
Risk Factors 

If
we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur
costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

We
expect that our operations will be subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our operations are expected
to involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials. Our operations may also produce hazardous waste products. We plan to contract
with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these
materials. We could be held liable for any resulting damages in the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use of hazardous
materials by us, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal
fines and penalties. 

Although
we expect to initiate and maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses, we may incur due to injuries
to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities.
We do not expect to maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection
with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous, or radioactive materials. 

10 

In
addition, we may incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These
current or future laws and regulations may impair our development. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result
in substantial fines, penalties, or other sanctions. 

Requirements
associated with being a public company will increase our costs significantly, as well as divert significant company resources and management
attention. 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or the other
rules and regulations of the SEC, or any securities exchange relating to public companies. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as
amended, or Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC to implement provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, impose
significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and
financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory say
on pay voting requirements that apply to us. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high
level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may
lead to additional compliance costs and impact the way we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Compliance
with the various reporting and other requirements applicable to public companies requires considerable time and attention of
management. We cannot assure you that we will satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis. 

We
expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from
other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The
increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business
or increase the prices of our products or services. In addition, as a public company, it may be more difficult or more costly for us
to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept
reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel to serve on our board of directors, our board committees,
or as executive officers. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgraded our common stock or published inaccurate or unfavorable research
about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish
reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably
assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. 

11 

We
believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 

These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple errors or mistakes. For example, our directors or executive officers could inadvertently fail to disclose a new relationship or
arrangement causing us to fail to make any related party transaction disclosures. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the
inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. In addition, we do not
have a risk management program or processes or procedures for identifying and addressing risks to our business in other areas. 

Management
has identified a material weakness in the design and effectiveness of our internal controls, which, if not remediated, could affect the
accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting and result in misstatements in our financial statements. 

In
connection with the preparation of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, an evaluation was carried
out by management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

During evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, conducted as part of our annual audit and preparation of our annual financial
statements, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures
and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management determined that at December 31, 2022, we had
a material weakness in relation to insufficient segregation of duties within our internal control system. This primarily relates to the
relatively small number of staff who have bookkeeping and accounting functions. In addition, we lacked sufficient written policies and
procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

This
material weakness could result in a misstatement to the accounts and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to our
annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. If we do not remediate the material weakness
or if other material weaknesses are identified in the future, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately or to report
them on a timely basis, which could result in the loss of investor confidence and have a material adverse effect on our stock price as
well as our ability to access capital and lending markets. 

We
have not paid cash dividends in the past and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited
to the value of our common stock . 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment
of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at
such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. 

Certain
shareholders may exercise significant control over our business policies. 

Two
shareholders, who are both directors, with one also serving as our Chief Executive Officer, have collective ownership of approximately
57 of our equity securities and have the ability to exercise significant control over our business policies and other corporate matters,
including the composition of our board of directors and any actions requiring the approval of our shareholders, including the adoption
of amendments to our articles of incorporation, the approval of a merger, share exchange or sale of substantially all of our assets.
These persons will be able to vote their shares in favor of their interests that may not always coincide with the interests of the other
shareholders. 

12 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

We
maintain our principal office at 95 Christopher Columbus Drive, 16 th Floor, Jersey City, NJ, 07302. Our telephone number
is (551) 298-3600. 

ITEM
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

13 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is available for quotation on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol VENG. 

Previously,
our common stock was available for quotation on the OTCQB under the symbol VIHD and HCCC . The OTCQB is a
quotation service that displays real- time quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter OTC equity
securities. An OTCQB equity security generally is any equity that is not listed or traded on a national securities exchange. 

On
March 30, 2023, the closing sale price of our common stock, as reported by the OTC Markets, was 0.22 per share. 

Holders 

On
March 31, 2023, there were 50 holders of record of our common stock. Because certain of our shares of common stock are held by brokers
and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record
holders. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements of our business. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements and such other factors as the Board deems relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

14 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED.] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes a number of forward- looking statements
that reflect Management s current views with respect to future events and financial performance. You can identify these statements
by forward-looking words such as may will, expect, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate and continue, or similar words. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief
or current expectations of us and members of our management team as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective
investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties,
and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 

Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Important factors currently known to Management could cause actual results to differ materially from
those in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions,
the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in the future operating results over time. We believe that our assumptions are based
upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations. No assurances are made that actual results of operations
or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our assumptions. Factors that could cause differences include,
but are not limited to, expected market demand for our products, fluctuations in pricing for materials, and competition. 

Overview 

Business
Overview 

Vision Energy
Corporation is a renewable energy company developing storage facilities for the commercial, industrial and transportation sectors through
site procurement, permitting, pre- development and grid integration. The Company is committed to providing low carbon solutions with
high yield hydrogen production, storage and distribution services for the European renewable economy and supply chain. 

Evolution Terminals is a wholly
owned subsidiary developing a substantial Green Energy Hub for import, storage and throughput of new energy products, hydrogen carriers
and low-carbon fuels, and will facilitate in Europe s Energy Transition ambitions for greater carbon-abatement to net zero. 

On
November 8, 2022, we effectuated a two-for-one (2:1) forward split of our common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and simultaneously
increased our number of authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. All common and per share amounts have been
restated to give retroactive effect to the share consolidation. Please see Note 12 for further detail on share capital. 

Going
Concern 

At
each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The Company s evaluation
entails analyzing prospective operating budgets and forecasts for expectations of the Company s cash needs and comparing those
needs to the current cash and cash equivalent balances. The Company is required to make certain additional disclosures if it concludes
substantial doubt exists and it is not alleviated by the Company s plans or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to the specific amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities, which might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

As
reflected in the financial statements, the Company had a net loss from continuing operations of 14,833,755 along with 5,286,373
of net cash used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Current cash on the balance sheet of 3,712,826 is less than the net cash used in operations of 5,286,373 for the
year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company is a start up in the renewable energy space
and has generated limited revenues to date. 

Despite generating cash
proceeds from the sale of the Dutch Projects of 11,250,000, demonstrating a sustainable cash flow stream in our business model,
the Company s financial results still represents a net loss year to date. 

Management has evaluated
the significance of these conditions and under these circumstances these conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue
as a going concern. To alleviate these concerns the Company is planning for an equity raise in the next year and continuing
to develop its newest asset and evaluate ways to monetize the project where possible. 

The
annual report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

15 

Discontinued
Operations 

On November 8, 2021, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with VoltH2 Holdings AG VoltH2 ), a Swiss corporation, and the other shareholders of VoltH2 (each, a Seller ,
and together, the Sellers pursuant to which we acquired VoltH2 (the Acquisition ). VoltH2 is a European-based
developer of clean hydrogen production facilities for the supply of commercial offtake volumes of clean hydrogen to manufacturers, gas
and power traders, industrial consumers, and both heavy and marine transportation sectors that have pivoted away from carbon emitting
energy sources and fuels. 

Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, the Company acquired 84.1 of VoltH2 and in conjunction with a previous 15.9 investment, the Company owned 100 of
VoltH2. 

The VoltH2 acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition with no
step-up basis due to our 15.9 ownership of VoltH2 prior to the acquisition, and due to VoltH2 being an early-stage company that had not
generated revenues and lacked outputs. Since this transaction is not an acquisition of a business but a transfer of long-lived assets
(primarily) between two non-operating companies no step-up in basis was allowed. Both entities are non-operating entities and the fair
value business combination rules do not apply. When related parties are involved, the SEC generally will not permit the recognition of
gain in the transferor s financial statements or a step-up in basis on the transferee s books for sales or transfers of long-lived
assets. No exceptions are permitted on transactions between a parent company and a subsidiary or between subsidiaries of the same parent,
other than in regulated industries when a nonregulated subsidiary sells manufactured goods to a regulated affiliate. The acquisition consideration
consisted of 16,818,182 shares of our common stock issued on the acquisition date of November 8, 2021, at a closing market price of 5.510 .
A deemed dividend for the excess share price over cost basis of the net assets of 1,340,426) was recorded in the amount of 93,840,427. 

For further information on discontinued operations ,
 please refer to Note 6 of the financial statements. 

Asset
Acquisition 

On
May 30, 2022, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Evolution Terminals B.V., a
Dutch corporation ETBV pursuant to which we acquired ETBV (the Acquisition from a n investment
firm of which our CEO is principal for a purchase price of 3,500,000 in cash and 3,000,000
shares of our common stock. ETBV is the owner of a 16.4 -hectare port development
project for the storage and distribution of low carbon and renewable fuels, including hydrogen carriers such as ammonia,
methanol and liquid organics, located in Vlissingen (Flushing) at the mouth of the Westerschelde estuary in the
Netherlands. The Acquisition closed on May 31, 2022. The transaction was considered and approved by a committee comprised of
our independent directors. As a result, the combination of the Company and ETBV is considered a related party asset acquisition. 

For further information on our asset acquisition, please refer to Note
 7 of the financial statements. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Company had no revenues in 2022 and 2021 as it continues to invest in its Green Energy Hub Development. We plan to generate revenue
by divesting our assets in full, or in part to energy industry participants and/or selling fractional ownership interests in sites
under development. We are currently in discussion with various parties, such as private landowners, energy companies,
commodity traders, utilities, and industrial process customers. 

Revenue and Cost of Revenue 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

We
had no revenue or cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

16 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

Our total operating expenses from continuing operations were 14,833,431. This was comprised
of 7,620,000 non-cash stock issuance of stock, 4,120,145 in transactional fees paid to related party, 1,314,574 in project
development costs, 1,139,566 in management fees related party, 122,455 in
accounting/audit fees, 116,138 in legal fees, 108,000 in consulting fees, 54,347 in dues and subscriptions, 50,402 in investor
relations, 93,000 in director fees, and 94,804 in miscellaneous expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 

Our total operating expenses were 614,540. This was comprised of 130,875 of accounting and audit
fees, 149,206 of personnel costs, 137,500 of management fees related party, 105,517 in legal fees, 122,500 in stock-based
compensation, 92,715 in consultancy costs, 46,607 in project costs, 44,124 in dues and subscriptions, 48,500 in director fees and
 25,524 in miscellaneous fees. 

We
incurred other/interest expense of 324 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other income totaling 20,000 the year ended December 31, 2021, including a gain of
 20,000 in loan forgiveness offset by 14,596 of interest expense. 

As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of 15,861,843 for December 31, 2022, and a net loss of 988,437 for December 31, 2021. 

Comprehensive loss was
 15,894,587 for December 31, 2022, due to foreign currency translation loss of 32,744 and 954,048 for December 31, 2021, due to foreign currency
translation gain of 34,389. 

There
was no deemed dividend for the year ending December 31, 2022, and 93,840,427 for year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
comprehensive loss attributable to common shareholders was 15,894,587 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and was 94,794,475
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For
discontinued operations, please refer to note 6. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had a working capital of 3,998,834 consisting of 3,712,826 in cash, 432,295 in prepaid expenses and 29,266 in sales tax receivable
offset by 175,553 in accounts payable. 

Non-current
assets included 85,453 in website development costs and 25,000 in deferred offering cost, there were no long-term
liabilities. 

We
used 5,286,373 of cash in operating activities which represented our net loss from continuing operations of 15,861,843 including
 7,620,000 in issuance of stock, net, 3,557,945 in asset purchase consideration, 6,224 in depreciation and amortization offset by
 25,000 in deferred offering cost, 419,921 in prepaid expenses, 138,820 in accounts payable, and 24,958 in sales tax
receivable. 

We
generated 971,694 of cash in discontinued operations. 

We
generated 7,837,233 of cash in investing activities including net cash acquired in sale of subsidiaries for 11,184,512, offset by 3,281,974
of cash paid in asset acquisition related party and 65,305 in cash paid website development costs. 

We
generated 1,905 in proceeds from financing activities including related party notes for 96,614 offset by principal repayment of related
party notes of 94,709. 

17 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 

As of December 31, 2021, we had negative working capital of 306,520 consisting of 137,839 in cash, 12,374 in prepaid expenses, 93,602 in current assets held
for sale, offset by 43,062 in accounts payable and accrued expenses and 507,273 in current liabilities held for sale. Non-current assets
included 25,233 in website development costs and 129,552 in non-current assets held for sale. Long-term liabilities consisted of 66,655
of non-current liabilities held for sale. 

We
used 872,681 of cash in operating activities, which represented our net loss from continuing operations of 988,437 including 3,245
in depreciation and amortization, 122,500 in stock-based compensation, 70,000 in other current assets, 6,381 in sales tax receivable
offset by 25,620 in accounts payable and accrued expenses, 3,625 in prepaid expenses and 20,000 in loan forgiveness and 30,744 in discontinued operations. 

We
used 787,139 in cash in investing activities due to 349,195 of cash acquired in the VoltH2 acquisition offset by 25,233 in cash
paid for website development costs, 1,100,000 in cash paid to VoltH2 for a note receivable and 11,101 in cash paid for fixed
assets. 

We generated 1,782,253
related to financing activities. The net proceeds were received from the sale of common stock in the Company. 

In
the future we expect to incur expenses related to compliance for being a public company. We expect that our general and administrative
expenses will increase as we expand our business development, add infrastructure, and incur additional costs related to being a public
company, including incremental audit fees, investor relations programs and increased professional services. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on several factors, including the progress of our sales and marketing of our services, the timing
and outcome of potential acquisitions, the costs involved in operating as a public reporting company, the status of competitive services,
the availability of financing and our success in developing markets for our services. We believe our existing cash will be sufficient
to fund our operating expenses and capital equipment requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Please
refer to Note 2 in the accompanying financial statements for our policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Please
refer to Note 5 in the accompanying financial statements. 

Management
does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued, but
not yet effective, accounting standards been adopted in the current period. 

ITEM
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

18 

ITEM
8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB No: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated statements of stockholders equity (deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5
 F-6 

Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to financial statements 
 
 F-8
 F-16 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Vision Energy Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vision Energy Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss from continuing operations, net cash used in operations,
and a lack of revenues to-date, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
regarding those matters are discussed in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate. 

Going
Concern 

As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss from continuing operations, net cash used in
operations, and a lack of revenues to-date. Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgement
given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be substantiated. To
evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information that was the initial cause along
with management s plans to mitigate going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/

M K
CPAS, PLLC 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

 Firm
ID 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Sales tax receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Current assets held for sale 
 - 

Total current assets 

Website development costs net 

Deferred offering cost 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current assets held for sale 
 - 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current liabilities held for sale 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Non-current liabilities held for sale 
 - 

Total
noncurrent liabilities 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock - par value; shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) 

Accumulated (deficit) 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Sales 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total revenue 
 - 
 - 

Cost of goods sold 

Direct costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total cost of goods sold 
 - 
 - 

Gross profit 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Fees paid on acquisition of ETBV related party 
 
 - 
 
 Management fees related party 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Loan forgiveness 
 - 

Total other expenses 

Net (loss) from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations (note 9) 

Net (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive (loss) 

Deemed dividend from Volt acquisition 
 - 

Net comprehensive loss attributable to common shareholders 

Loss per share (continuing operations) 

Basic and diluted 

Loss per share (discontinued operations) 

Basic and diluted 

Loss per share (attributable to common shareholders) 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Comprehensive Gain (Loss) 
 Equity 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Equity financing 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of related party debt to equity 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Volt acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Deemed dividend on Volt acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Ending December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Comprehensive Gain (Loss) 
 Equity 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2022 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 

Sale of Dutch asset 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock issuance ETBV acquisition-related party 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, through date of Dutch asset sale 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Ending December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 income (loss) from continuing operations 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Issuance
 of stock net 

Asset
 purchase consideration 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 

Loan
 forgiveness 
 - 

Change
 in fair value contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other
 current assets 
 - 

Deferred
 offering cost 
 
 - 
 
 Sales
 tax receivable 
 
 - 

Prepaid
 expenses and other costs 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Net
 cash used in in operating activities continuing operations 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities discontinued operations 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Loan
 to VoltH2 
 - 

Cash
 paid website development costs 

Cash
 paid for purchase of fixed assets 
 - 

Cash
 paid in asset acquisition related party, net 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 acquired in business acquisition 

Cash
 received of in sale of subsidiaries, net 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities continuing operations 

Net
 cash used in investing activities discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from related party notes 
 
 - 
 
 Principal
 repayment of related party notes 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment
 of convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from equity financing, net of issuance costs 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities continuing operations 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Effect
 of foreign currency translation on cash 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - end of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Conversion
 of debt and accrued interest 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

along with 
 of net cash used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Current cash on the balance sheet of is less than the
net cash used in operations of for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company is a start up in the renewable
energy space and has generated limited revenues to date. 

Despite
generating cash proceeds from the sale of the Dutch Projects of , demonstrating a sustainable cash flow stream in our business
model, the Company s financial results still represent a net loss year to date. 

Management
has evaluated the significance of these conditions and under these circumstances these conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability
to continue as a going concern. To alleviate these concerns the Company is planning for an equity raise in the next year and continuing
to develop its newest asset and evaluate ways to monetize the project where possible. 

The
annual report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

as of December 31,
2022, and at December 31, 2021. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a comprehensive gain of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

years. 

.
This was comprised of 
non-cash stock issuance of stock, 
in project development costs, 
in accounting/audit fees, 
in legal fees, 
in consulting fees, 
in dues and subscriptions, 
in investor relations, 
in director fees, and 
in miscellaneous expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021we incurred of general and administrative expenses consisting of in accounting fees,
 in stock based compensation, in legal fees, in director fees, in dues and subscriptions, and 
in miscellaneous fees, 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

Finance
Leases 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had finance leases. 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

In
January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01, Investments - Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures
(Topic 323), and Derivative and Hedging (Topic 815), which clarifies the interaction of rules for equity securities, the equity method
of accounting, and forward contracts and purchase options on certain types of securities. The guidance clarifies how to account for the
transition into and out of the equity method of accounting when considering observable transactions under the measurement alternative.
The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim reporting periods within those
annual periods, with early adoption permitted. The Company has adopted this standard and there is no impact on the current financial
statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity.
This ASU amends the guidance on convertible instruments and the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity,
and also improves and amends the related EPS guidance for both Subtopics. The ASU will be effective for annual reporting periods after
December 15, 2021 and interim periods within those annual periods and early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted this standard and has no impact on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

interest in VoltH2, and together with our existing ownership interest, we now own
 of VoltH2. 

The
VoltH2 acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition with no step-up basis due to our ownership of VoltH2 prior to the
acquisition, and due to VoltH2 being an early-stage company that had not generated revenues and lacked output. Since this transaction
is not an acquisition of a business but a transfer of long-lived assets (primarily) between two non-operating companies no step-up in
basis was allowed. Both entities are non-operating entities and the fair value business combination rules do not apply. When related
parties are involved, the SEC generally will not permit the recognition of gain in the transferor s financial statements or a step-up
in basis on the transferee s books for sales or transfers of long-lived assets. No exceptions are permitted on transactions between
a parent company and a subsidiary or between subsidiaries of the same parent, other than in regulated industries when a nonregulated
subsidiary sells manufactured goods to a regulated affiliate. The acquisition consideration consisted of shares of our common
stock issued on the acquisition date of November 8, 2021, at a closing market price of . A deemed dividend for the excess share price
over cost basis of the net assets of was recorded in the amount of . 

At December 31, 2021 the Company had
 in current assets held for sale, of non-current assets held for sale offset by of current liabilities for sale
and of non-current liabilities for sale. 

There
were acquisition related costs for the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

The
following pro forma financial information presents the combined results of operations of VoltH2 and the Company for the year ended December
31, 2021. The pro forma financial information presents the results as if the acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of 2021. 

The
unaudited pro forma results presented include amortization charges for acquired intangible assets, interest expense and stock-based compensation
expense. 

Net income per share: 

Basic and diluted 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

On
May 6, 2022, we, through our wholly owned Swiss subsidiary, to the Purchaser in exchange for and the shares of
our common stock held by the Purchaser (the Purchase Price ). The Purchase Agreement closed on May 11, 2022. There was 
in costs related to the disposition. Due to the related party nature of the transaction the cash component of the purchase
price and related gain on the sale of the Dutch Projects is a part of paid in capital on the balance sheet as there is no step-up in
basis when related parties are involved. VoltH2 has been renamed VisionH2 Holdings AG. 

Discontinued operations for the period 

in cash and 
shares of our common stock. ETBV is the owner of a 16.4-hectare port development project for the storage and distribution of low
carbon and renewable fuels, including hydrogen carriers such as ammonia, methanol and liquid organics, located in Vlissingen
(Flushing) at the mouth of the Westerschelde estuary in the Netherlands. The Acquisition closed on May 31,
2022. The transaction was considered and
approved by a committee comprised of our independent directors. As a result, the combination of the Company and ETBV is considered a related
party asset acquisition. 

The
asset had capitalized project development costs which consisted of financial models, environmental impact assessments, layout drawings,
terminal operation simulations, and other various permitting reports and storage designs. These capitalized project development costs
were determined to be In-Process-Research-and-Development IPRD). In-Process-Research-and-Development can only be capitalized
under GAAP once project viability has been achieved. Since the acquisition was related party, the accounting should be acknowledged at
predecessor cost and not historical cost. Predecessor cost is what the predecessor owner had recorded, and per the explanation above,
all the amounts are expensed. The total purchase price consideration was expensed in the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of 
 in acquisition costs, 
 in issuance of stock at a price of 
 offset by 
 in liabilities acquired. 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

The
determination of the Company s provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation
and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items
and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company s
financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenges,
if any, from taxing authorities. When facts and circumstances change, the Company reassess these probabilities and records any changes
in the financial statements as appropriate. Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component
of income tax expense. 

The
Company recognizes and measures its unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with ASC 740. Under that guidance, management assesses the
likelihood that tax positions will be sustained upon examination based on the facts, circumstances and information, including the technical
merits of those positions, available at the end of each period. The measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted when new information
is available, or when an event occurs that requires a change. 

The
Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized
tax benefits. 

The
federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS, generally for the three years after they are filed. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deferred tax assets from continuing operations loss of and
 ,
respectively, against which a valuation allowance of 
and ,
respectively, had been recorded. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022, was an increase of
 .
The increase in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022, was mainly attributable to an increase in share-based
compensation, which resulted in an increase in the Company s deferred tax asset. The Company periodically assesses the
likelihood that it will be able to recover the deferred tax asset. The Company considers all available evidence, both positive and
negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income. 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

Capital loss carryforward 

Share-based compensation 

Gross deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share 

Discontinued
Operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

at per annum. On January 21, 2021, the note and accumulated interest
was converted, along with a cash payment of for a total of , into shares of the Company s common stock Shares pursuant to the Company s public offering (see Note 7 ). 

On
November 8, 2021, we acquired the of VoltH2 Holdings AG VoltH2 which we did not already own from the other shareholders
of VoltH2 for shares. An investment firm of which our CEO is principal owned shares of VoltH2. VoltH2 has been
renamed VisionH2 Holdings AG. On May 11, 2022, we sold our Vlissingen and Terneuzen green hydrogen development projects and related assets
to Volt Energy BV, a company controlled by a former director and co-CEO, in exchange for and the shares held by
Volt Energy BV. (see Note 9 

On
May 30, 2022, we acquired Evolution Terminals B.V., a Dutch corporation ETBV from an investment firm of which our CEO
is principal for a purchase price of and shares of our common stock. (see Note 10 ). 

On
June 20, 2022, we entered into a Management Services Agreement with a company controlled by our CEO pursuant to which we receive executive,
business consulting and advisory, business development and other services. The Agreement is for an initial term of three years and will
automatically renew for one or more additional two-year renewal periods unless terminated. The fee under the Management Services Agreement
is per month which will increase on each anniversary by the greater of the previous year s change in the United States
Consumer Price Index plus , or . All amounts related to this agreement were expensed and paid during the year. 

VISION
ENERGY CORPORATION f/k/a VISION HYDROGEN CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

, and respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the balance was fully covered with the FDIC and
was and in excess of the CDIC and DNB insured limit, respectively. 

shares issued and outstanding, along with 
authorized. We have 
authorized of preferred stock and zero issued and outstanding. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021
there was shares issued in relation to stock based compensation and shares issued for the Volt acquisition. 

In
October 2020, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, whereby the Company
registered shares of its common stock for sale as a company offering. The registration statement was declared effective in
October 2020. The Company sold a total of shares of common stock in January 2021 for total consideration of . The
consideration consisted of of debt converted to equity (see Note 12) and gross cash proceeds of . The Company incurred
 of legal fees and a consulting fee in connection with the capital raise. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 there was 
shares returned to treasury in regards to the sale of our Dutch Properties and 
shares at a share issued for the ETBV acquisition. 

On November 8, 2022, we effectuated
a forward
split of our common stock, 
par value per share, and simultaneously increased our number of authorized shares of common stock from 
 to .
 All common and per share amounts have been restated to give
retroactive effect to the share consolidation. 
 
 unrecognized compensation expense or dilutive securities. 

F- 16 

ITEM
9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls
and procedures relative to their costs. 

Based
on management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as a result of the material
weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level and are ineffective
to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The material weaknesses, which relate to internal control over financial reporting,
that were identified are: 

a) 
 Due
 to our small size, we did not have sufficient personnel in our accounting and financial reporting functions. As a result, we were
 not able to achieve adequate segregation of duties and were not able to provide for adequate review of the financial statements.
 This control deficiency, which is pervasive in nature, results in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the consolidated
 financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis; and 

b) 
 We
lacked sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements and the approval of related party transactions. 

We also
intend to create written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements in the future. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
report on internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the our board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of the company; 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made in accordance with authorizations
 of management and directors of the company; and 

19 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible enhancements to controls and procedures. 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer conclude that, at December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective for the reasons discussed above. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report by M K CPAS PLLC, our independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our management s report was not subject to attestation
by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

ITEM
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

N ot
applicable. 

20 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
names of our executive officers and directors and their age, title, and biography as of March 10, 2023, are set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 Held with our Company 
 
 Date First Elected 
 or Appointed 
 
 Andrew
 Hromyk 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 November
 8, 2021 

Matthew
 Hidalgo 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 August
 17, 2015 

Judd
 Brammah 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 26, 2020 

Michael
 A. Doyle 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 12, 2021 

Charles
 F. Benton 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 12, 2021 

Arron
 Smyth 
 
 44 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 
 November
 8, 2021 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of each director and executive officer of our Company, indicating
the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation
and employment were carried out. 

Andrew
Hromyk Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director. 

Since
1995, Mr. Hromyk has been Principal of First Finance Limited and its predecessor, Century Capital Management Ltd., Private Equity firms
with a proven track record of returning significant value to stakeholders by making early mover strategic investments in advance of developing
markets or cycles through both private and public companies. Mr. Hromyk has supported and operated chemical and energy operations domestically
in the Permian Basin, Central and South Texas, Arkansas, Alberta and internationally. An active investor, Mr. Hromyk has been involved
with companies developing a diverse range of technologies, from enhanced and conventional hydrocarbon recovery processes to wireless
infrastructure and has participated in numerous industrial and commercial real estate developments. Mr. Hromyk has served as a director
of several private companies that became publicly traded on NASDAQ, NYSE, TSX. Mr. Hromyk studied Economics at Chaminade University and
the University of British Columbia. He was nominated to the Board of Directors due to his experience in his ability to maximize shareholder return. 

Matthew
Hidalgo Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. 

Mr.
Hidalgo is responsible for financial management and operation and has over 15 years of experience in finance, accounting, operations,
restructuring and the integration of acquisitions. Matt has been a Managing Partner at Turquino since its formation in August 2013. Between
February 2010 and December 2013, he was the controller and operations manager for WPCS International Trenton, Inc., WPCS 
largest subsidiary. Between February 2008 and February 2010, Matt managed accounting functions for several Australian subsidiaries of
WPCS. After graduating Pennsylvania State University with a B.S. in Accounting, he began his career as an accountant for PriceWaterhouse
Coopers LLP, where he focused on preparing financial statements and partnership allocations for hedge funds and private equity firms. 

Judd
Brammah Director 

Mr.
Brammah was appointed as a director on June 26, 2020. Since 2011, he has been the Chief Executive Officer of Synergy Medical Technologies,
a United Kingdom based company that focuses on orthopedic medical devices and technologies used by healthcare professionals. Mr. Brammah
received a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering from London South Bank University. After graduation, he worked for Xerox Corporation
and then entered the medical devices field with Howmedica, Stryker Corporation, and Wright Medical Technologies. Mr. Brammah has
extensive experience in research and consulting for multi-national medical device companies, which led to his founding of Synergy Medical
Technologies. He was nominated to the Board of Directors due to his experience in consulting for multi-national companies. 

21 

Michael
A. Doyle Director 

For
over 25 years, Mr. Doyle was a key executive for Comcast Corporation where he was the President of the largest division of the
multi-billion-dollar Comcast Cable group representing over 18,000 employees. Mr. Doyle has been recognized by the National Cable
Television Association with induction into its prestigious Cable Pioneers organization. He has also served as chairman of the
management board for New England Cable News. Mr. Doyle has received the Distinguished Communications Award for Excellence in
Journalism from the International Association of Business Communicators. Mr. Doyle received his B.A. from Drew University where he
is also a member of their Athletic Hall of Fame. He was nominated to the Board of Directors due to his experience in business operations. 

Charles
F. Benton Director 

Mr.
Benton has over 30 years of experience in finance, operations, and business development with major corporations. Formerly, he
directed the distribution services and supply chain for Ascena Retail Group, Inc., which is a leading national specialty retailer of
women s apparel operating over 1,800 retail stores in the United States. Mr. Benton also worked 20 years for Consolidated Rail
Corporation (CONRAIL) where he was responsible for finance, operations, and business development. Between July 2012 and January
2018, Mr. Benton served as a director of, and chaired the audit committee of, DropCar, Inc. (formerly, WPCS International
Incorporated), and served as the chairman of the Board between August 2015 and January 2018. Mr. Benton is a graduate of St.
Joseph s University with a B.S. degree in Accounting. He was nominated to the Board of Directors due to his experience in financial reporting. 

Arron
Smyth Executive Vice President 

Arron
has over 17 years of business experience spanning financial services, investment banking, business leadership and operations in both
developed and emerging markets. Since 2018, Mr. Smyth has been Managing Director Europe for the First Finance group of companies, developing
and supporting the group s private equity investments and projects including Evolution Terminals, a Netherlands-based developer
of tank terminal and port infrastructure for the bulk storage and handling of clean and sustainable energy products. From 2015 to 2018,
Mr. Smyth was a corporate advisor at Brandon Hill Capital. 

Board
Independence and Committees 

We
are not required to have any independent members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Brammah, Mr.
Doyle, and Mr. Benton are each independent director as such term is defined in the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock
Market. 

Audit
Committee 

Charles
Benton, Michael Doyle, and Judd Brammah make up our audit committee, and Charles Benton chairs the audit committee. The audit committee s
duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

22 

keeping
 the Company s independent auditors informed of the Committee s understanding of the Company s relationships and
 transactions with related parties that are significant to the Company; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the Company s independent auditors the auditors evaluation of the Company s identification
 of, accounting for, and disclosure of its relationships and transactions with related parties, including any significant matters
 arising from the audit regarding the Company s relationships and transactions with related parties; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Financial
Experts on Audit Committee 

The
board of directors has determined that [Charles Benton] qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee 

Charles
Benton and Michael Doyle as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are
required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Both Mr. Benton and Mr. Doyle are
independent. [Charles Benton] serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

Our
compensation committee charter details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
initial members of our nominating and corporate governance are Charles Benton and Michael Doyle. [Charles Benton] serves as chair of
the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

23 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including: 

determining
 the qualifications, qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be a director and to develop, and recommend to the Board for
 its approval, criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director; 

identifying
 and screening individuals qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with the Director Criteria; 

developing
 and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

overseeing
 our policies and procedures with respect to the consideration of director candidates recommended by stockholders, including the submission
 of any proxy access nominees by stockholders; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance
 of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The
charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search
firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right
to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Except
as may be provided in our bylaws, we do not currently have specified procedures in place pursuant to which security holders may recommend
nominees to the Board of Directors. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered
class of the Company s equity securities, to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership of the Company s
securities with the SEC on Forms 3, 4 and 5. Officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to
furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on Vision s review of the copies of the forms received during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we believe that there
was only one late report filed by one of the Company s officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders. Our Chief Financial
Officer, Matthew Hidalgo, failed to file a Form 4 regarding his November 16, 2022, sale of 250,000 shares of the Company s common
stock within the prescribed two-business day window. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
Directors and Executive Officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

24 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities and Exchange
 Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state
 securities or commodities law, and the 
 judgment
 has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being
 subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law
 or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or
 fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being
 subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self- regulatory organization,
 any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

ITEM
11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Officer Compensation 

The
following table provides certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
and one other highest paid individual whose total annual salary and bonus exceeded 100,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Name Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Other ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Andrew Hromyk 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 800,000 (1) 
 800,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Matthew Hidalgo 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 233,000 (2) 
 233,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 137,500
 (2) 
 137,500 

(1)
Represents management fees paid to First Finance Ltd., of which our CEO is a managing partner. 

 (2) Represents total management fees of 108,000 paid directly to Matthew Hidalgo and 125,000 and 137,500 in each of 2022 and 2021 paid to Turquino Equity LLC, of which Matthew Hidalgo is managing partner. 

Option/SAR
Grants in Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

None. 

Employment
Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-In-Control Arrangements 

In
November 2021, the Company entered into a services agreement with Turquino Equity LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Hidalgo, providing
for payment of 25,000 per month for Mr. Hidalgo s continued service to the Company. This agreement expired May 8, 2022. 

On
May 22, 2022, our board of directors approved and entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with Matthew Hidalgo, our Chief Financial Officer, effective May 9, 2022. Mr. Hidalgo previously provided services as our Chief Financial
Officer pursuant to a services agreement we entered into with Turquino Equity LLC on November 8, 2021, which provided for payment of
 25,000 per month and which expired on May 8, 2022, pursuant to its terms. The Employment Agreement is for a one-year term and provides
for an annual monthly base salary of 13,500. 

On
June 20, 2022, we entered into a Management Services Agreement (the Management Agreement with First Finance Europe Ltd. First Finance ), a UK corporation controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Hromyk, pursuant to which First Finance
provides services to us for 100,000 per month (the Service Fee beginning May 1, 2022. The services provided for under
the Management Agreement include executive services, business consulting and advisory, business development, management of information
technology structure provision and implementation, corporate and operational accounting, human resources support, treasury controls,
credit and risk control, and marketing support. The Management Agreement is for an initial term of three years and will automatically
renew for one or more additional two-year renewal periods unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions outlined in
the Management Agreement. The Service Fee will increase by the greater of (i) an amount equal to the previous year s change in
the United States Consumer Price Index and 2 or (ii) 5 on each anniversary of June 20, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the summary compensation information for each of our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 

Name 
 Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael Doyle 
 30,000 
 30,000 

Charles Benton 
 30,000 
 30,000 

Judd Brammah 
 24,000 
 24,000 

On June 20, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the compensation of the non-management members of
our Board. Effective April 1, 2022, non-management members of our Board receive 2,000 monthly and an additional 500 monthly for members
of our audit committee, payable on a quarterly basis. 

25 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023: 

by
 each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; 

by
 each of our officers and directors; and 

by
 all of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and
that person s address is c/o Vision Energy Corporation, 95 Christopher Columbus Drive, 16th Floor, Jersey City, NJ, 07302. 

NAME OF OWNER 
 NUMBER OF 
 SHARES OWNED (1) 
 PERCENTAGE OF 
 COMMON STOCK (2) 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Andrew Hromyk (3) 
 18,120,694 
 43.04 
 
 Matthew Hidalgo 
 50,000 
 0.12 
 
 Michael Doyle 
 10,000 
 0.02 
 
 Charles Benton 
 10,000 
 0.02 
 
 Arron Smyth (4) 
 100,000 
 0.24 
 
 Judd Brammah 
 5,927,856 
 14.08 
 
 Officers and Directors as a Group (6 persons) 
 24,218,550 
 57.53 

(1)
Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with
respect to securities. 

(2) Percentage based upon 42,097,552 of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

(3)
Represents (i) 1,938,876 shares of common stock owned by First Finance Limited and 16,181,818 shares owned by First Finance Europe
Limited. Andrew Hromyk is a director of both entities and has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by such entity, and
therefore deemed a beneficial owner of such shares. 

(4)
Represents (i) 100,000 shares of common stock owned by Charlwood Projects Ltd. Arron Smyth is Managing Partners of Charlwood
Projects Ltd. and has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by such entity, and therefore deemed a beneficial owner of
such shares. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 

The
following table sets forth information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise prices of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 0 
 - 
 2,510,000 
 
 Total 
 0 
 - 
 2,510,000 

26 

ITEM
13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Other
than as disclosed below or in the executive compensation section of this annual report, during the last two fiscal years, there have
been no transactions, or proposed transactions, in which our company was or is to be a participant where the amount involved exceeds
the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our company s total assets at year-end and in which any director, executive
officer or beneficial holder of more than 5 of the outstanding Common Stock, or any of their respective relatives, spouses, associates
or affiliates, has had or will have any direct or material indirect interest. We have no policy regarding entering transactions with
affiliated parties. 

On
November 8, 2021, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with VoltH2, and the other shareholders of VoltH2 (each, a Seller ,
and together, the Sellers pursuant to which we acquired VoltH2 (the Acquisition ). VoltH2 is a European-based
developer of clean hydrogen production facilities for the supply of commercial offtake volumes of clean hydrogen to manufacturers, gas
and power traders, industrial consumers, and both heavy and marine transportation sectors that have pivoted away from carbon emitting
energy sources and fuels. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we acquired an 84.1 interest of VoltH2, and together with our existing
15.9 ownership interest, we now own 100 of VoltH2. The Acquisition was completed in exchange for 8,409,091 shares of our common stock
(the Consideration Shares ). 

We
have entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for in our
articles of incorporation and bylaws. These agreements, among other things, provide for indemnification of our directors and executive
officers for certain expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any such person
in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of our company, arising out of such person s services as a
director or executive officer of ours, any subsidiary of ours or any other company or enterprise to which the person provided services
at our request. We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified people as directors and
executive officers. 

On
May 6, 2022, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, VoltH2 Holdings AG VoltH2 ), entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement with Volt Energy BV (the Purchaser pursuant to which we agreed to sell our 100 
interest in our Vlissingen green hydrogen development project and our 50 interest in our Terneuzen green hydrogen development project
and related assets (the Dutch Projects to the Purchaser in exchange for 11,250,000 and the 1,768,182 shares of our common
stock held by the Purchaser (the Purchase Price ). 

ITEM
14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees . The aggregate fees billed by our independent auditors, for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, and for the reviews of the financial statements included in
our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during the fiscal years were 46,000 and 75,500 respectively. 

Audit
Related Fees . We incurred 27,055 expenses for audit related fees and other services during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
and 13,300 during year ended December 31, 2021. 

Tax
and Other Fees . We did not incur any fees from our independent auditors for tax or other services during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021. 

The
Board of Directors has considered whether the provision of non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s
independence. 

27 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 List
 of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of operations other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of stockholders equity the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-5
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to financial statements 
 
 F-8
 F-14 

(b) Index
 to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto,
or is not applicable or required. 

(c) Index
 to Exhibits 

The
Exhibits listed below are identified by numbers corresponding to the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Exhibits designated
by an asterisk ) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed pursuant to Item 15. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.01 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on November 9, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

2.02 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2022, by and between VoltH2 Holdings AG and Volt Energy BV, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Commission on May 12, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

2.03 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Evolution Terminals B.V., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Commission on June 1, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

2.04 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 1, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Commission on November 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.01 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 17, 2015, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on June 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.02 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 18, 2015, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 18, 2015, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on June 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.03 
 
 Bylaws of the Company, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on June 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.04 
 
 Form of Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 29, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.05 
 
 Articles of Merger filed November 1, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Commission on November 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

28 

3.06 
 
 Certificate of Change relating to Forward Stock Split and Authorized Capital Change filed November 1, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Commission on November 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.01 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 

4.02 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock , filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on September 7, 2016 

10.01 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on June 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.02

Escrow Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 9, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.03 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.04 
 
 Services Agreement with Turquino Equity LLC by VoltH2 B.V. and Volt Energy B.V., dated as of November 8, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 
 
 Services Agreement dated March 7, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 8, 2022. 

10.6

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Matthew Hidalgo, effective May 9, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 24, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.7 
 
 Management Services Agreement between Vision Hydrogen Corporation and First Finance Europe Ltd., dated June 20, 2022, filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 22, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

14.01

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Employees, Executive Officers and Directors, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 24, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.01 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101

The
 following materials from Vision Energy Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted
 in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations,
 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM
16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

VISION
 ENERGY CORPORATION 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 ANDREW HROMYK 

Andrew
 Hromyk 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 MATTHEW HIDALGO 

Matthew
 Hidalgo 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 ANDREW HROMYK 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew
 Hromyk 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 MATTHEW HIDALGO 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Matthew
 Hidalgo 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 JUDD BRAMMAH 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Judd
 Brammah 

/s/
 MICHAEL DOYLE 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Doyle 

/s/
 CHARLES BENTON 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Charles
 Benton 

30 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 31, 2023, there were 42,097,552
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of our common stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of our common stock
do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock voting for the election of directors
can elect all of the directors. Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued,
outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders.
A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as
liquidation, merger or an amendment to our articles of incorporation. 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available
funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in
all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over our common
stock. Our common stock has no pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our
common stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, none of which are currently outstanding.
The shares of preferred stock may be issued in series, and shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such
designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such stock adopted from time
to time by the board of directors. The board of directors is expressly vested with the authority to determine and fix in the resolution
or resolutions providing for the issuances of preferred stock the voting powers, designations, preferences and rights, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, of each such series to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Options 

None. 

Convertible
Securities 

None. 

Warrants 

None. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE RESGISTRANT 

Entity
 Name 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 Vision
 Energy Holdings AG 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 Evolution
 Terminals BV 
 
 The
 Netherlands 
 
 Vision
 Energy UK Ltd. 
 
 The
 United Kingdom 
 
 Evolution Operating BV 
 
 The Netherlands 
 
 Evolution Terminals SPV II BV 
 
 The Netherlands 
 
 Vision Hydrogen BV 
 
 The Netherlands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 ex31-01.htm

Exhibit
31.01 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Andrew Hromyk, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Vision Energy Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 ANDREW HROMYK 

Andrew
 Hromyk 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 ex31-02.htm

Exhibit
31.02 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Matthew Hidalgo, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Vision Energy Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 MATTHEW HIDALGO 

Matthew
 Hidalgo 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 ex32-01.htm

Exhibit
32.01 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Andrew Hromyk, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report of Vision Energy Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Vision Energy Corporation. 

By: 
 /s/
 ANDREW HROMYK 
 
 Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 Name: 
 Andrew
 Hromyk 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

I,
Matthew Hidalgo, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report of Vision Energy Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Vision Energy Corporation. 

By: 
 /s/
 MATTHEW HIDALGO 
 
 Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 Name: 
 Matthew
 Hidalgo 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 veng-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 veng-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 veng-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 veng-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

