<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1758730_0001758730-23-000047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23520780</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>720918</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11054829</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5173135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3406822</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2899379</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001758730-23-000047.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224160227
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001758730-23-000047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tradeweb Markets Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001758730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38860
		FILM NUMBER:		23666905

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-430-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001758730-23-000047.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 tw-20221231.htm
 10-K

tw-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 ________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the Class A common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. 
 Class of Stock Shares Outstanding as of February 17, 2023 Class A Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share Class B Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share Class C Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share Class D Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 
 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 3 
 USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 5 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 7 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 9 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 60 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 60 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 61 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 62 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 63 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 65 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 66 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 90 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 93 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 136 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 136 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 136 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 138 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 138 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 138 
 Item 12. 
 Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 138 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 138 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 138 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 139 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 141 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The financial statements and other disclosures contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include those of Tradeweb Markets Inc., which is the registrant, and those of its consolidating subsidiaries, including Tradeweb Markets LLC, which became the principal operating subsidiary of Tradeweb Markets Inc. on April 4, 2019 in a series of reorganization transactions (the Reorganization Transactions that were completed in connection with Tradeweb Markets Inc. s initial public offering (the IPO ), which closed on April 8, 2019. 
 As a result of the Reorganization Transactions completed in connection with the IPO, Tradeweb Markets Inc. became a holding company whose only material assets consist of its equity interest in Tradeweb Markets LLC and related deferred tax assets. As the sole manager of Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb Markets Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Tradeweb Markets LLC and, through Tradeweb Markets LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts its business. As a result of this control, and because Tradeweb Markets Inc. has a substantial financial interest in Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb Markets Inc. consolidates the financial results of Tradeweb Markets LLC and its subsidiaries. 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 We, us, our, the Company, Tradeweb and similar references refer: (i) on or prior to the completion of the Reorganization Transactions to Tradeweb Markets LLC, which we refer to as TWM LLC, and, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its subsidiaries and any predecessor entities, and (ii) following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions to Tradeweb Markets Inc., and, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, TWM LLC and all of its subsidiaries and any predecessor entities. 
 Bank Stockholders refer collectively to entities affiliated with the following clients: Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc. (a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation), Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, RBS Securities Inc., UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, which, prior to the completion of the IPO, collectively held a 46 ownership interest in Tradeweb. As of December 31, 2022 , there were no LLC Interests (as defined below) held by Bank Stockholders. 
 Continuing LLC Owners refer collectively to (i) those Original LLC Owners (as defined below), including Refinitiv (as defined below), certain of the Bank Stockholders and members of management, that continued to own LLC Interests after the completion of the IPO and Reorganization Transactions and that received shares of our Class C common stock, shares of our Class D common stock or a combination of both, as the case may be, in connec tion with the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, (ii) any subsequent transferee of any Original LLC Owner that has executed a joinder agreement to TWM LLC s limited liability company agreement (the TWM LLC Agreement and (iii) solely with respect to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below), (x) those Original LLC Owners, including certain of the Bank Stockholders, that disposed of all of their LLC Interests for cash in connection with the IPO and (y) any party that has executed a joinder agreement to the Tax Receivable Agreement in accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Investor Group refer to certain investment funds affiliated with The Blackstone Group Inc. (f/k/a The Blackstone Group L.P.), an affiliate of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, an affiliate of GIC Special Investments Pte. Ltd. and certain co-investors, which prior to the LSEG Transaction (as defined below) collectively held indirectly a 55 ownership interest in Refinitiv. 
 LLC Interests refer to the single class of common mem bership interests of TWM LLC. LLC Interests, other than those held by Tradeweb Markets Inc., are redeemable or exchangeable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as the case may be, on a one-for-one basis. 
 LSEG Transaction refer to the acquisition of the Refinitiv business by London Stock Exchange Group plc LSEG ), in an all share transaction, which closed on January 29, 2021. 
 Original LLC Owners refer to the owners of TWM LLC prior to the Reorganization Transactions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Refinitiv, prior to the LSEG Transaction, refer to Refinitiv Holdings Limited, and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and subsequent to the LSEG Transaction, refer to Refinitiv Parent Limited, and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its subsidiaries. Refinitiv owns substantially all of the former financial and risk business of Thomson Reuters (as defined below), including, prior to and following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, an indirect majority ownership interest in Tradeweb, and was controlled by the Investor Group prior to the LSEG Transaction. 
 Refinitiv Transaction refer to the transaction pursuant to which Refinitiv indirectly acquired on October 1, 2018 substantially all of the financial and risk business of Thomson Reuters and Thomson Reuters indirectly acquired a 45 ownership interest in Refinitiv. 
 Thomson Reuters or TR refer to Thomson Reuters Corporation, which prior to the LSEG Transaction indirectly held a 45 ownership interest in Refinitiv. 
 Numerical figures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in various tables may not be arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. In addition, we round certain percentages presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the nearest whole number. As a result, figures expressed as percentages in the text may not total 100 or, when aggregated, may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages that precede them. 
 Market and Industry Data 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes estimates regarding market and industry data. Unless otherwise indicated, information concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate, including our general expectations, market position, market opportunity and market size, are based on our management s knowledge and experience in the markets in which we operate, together with currently available information obtained from various sources, including publicly available information, industry reports and publications, surveys, our clients, trade and business organizations and other contacts in the markets in which we operate. Certain information is based on management estimates, which have been derived from third-party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and are based on certain assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. In particular, to calculate our market position, market opportunity and market size we derived the size of the applicable market from a combination of management estimates, public filings and statements of competitors and public industry sources, including FINRA s Trade Reporting and Compliance Engine TRACE ), the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association SIFMA ), the International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA ), Clarus Financial Technology, TRAX, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Flow Traders, the Association for Financial Markets in Europe AFME ), the Japan Securities Deal Association, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System CFETS and the Emerging Markets Trade Association EMTA ). In calculating the size of certain markets, we omitted products for which there is no publicly available data, and, as a result, the actual markets for certain of our asset classes may be larger than those presented herein. 
 In presenting this information, we have made certain assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on such data and other similar sources and on our knowledge of, and our experience to date in, the markets in which we operate. While we believe the estimated market and industry data included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are generally reliable, such information, which is derived in part from management s estimates and beliefs, is inherently uncertain and imprecise. Market and industry data are subject to change and may be limited by the availability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations inherent in any statistical survey of such data. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of the future performance of the markets in which we operate and our future performance are necessarily subject to uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by third parties and by us. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such market and industry data or any other such estimates. We cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information, and we have not independently verified any third-party information and data from our internal research has not been verified by any independent source. 
 Certain Trademarks, Trade Names and Service Marks 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes trademarks and service marks owned by us. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains trademarks, trade names and service marks of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the , or SM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. We do not intend our use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains non-GAAP financial measures, which are financial measures that are not calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC has adopted rules to regulate the use of non-GAAP financial measures in filings with the SEC and in other public disclosures. These rules govern the manner in which non-GAAP financial measures are publicly presented and require, among other things: 
 a presentation with equal or greater prominence of the most comparable financial measure or measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP; and 
 a statement disclosing the purposes for which the registrant s management uses the non-GAAP financial measure. 
 Specifically, we make use of the non-GAAP financial measures Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS, as well as the change in revenue, Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin on a constant currency basis, in evaluating our historical results and future prospects. For the definition of Free Cash Flow and a reconciliation to cash flow from operating activities, its most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. For the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted Net Income and reconciliations to net income, and net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc., as applicable, their most directly comparable financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. For the definition of constant currency revenue change, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin are defined as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT, respectively, divided by revenue for the applicable period. For the definition of constant currency change in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined as Adjusted Net Income divided by the diluted weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding for the applicable period (including the effect of potentially dilutive securities determined using the treasury stock method), plus the weighted average number of other participating securities reflected in earnings per share using the two-class method, plus the assumed full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock. 
 We present Free Cash Flow because we believe it is a useful indicator of liquidity that provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated from our core operations after expenditures for capitalized software development costs and furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management and our board of directors use Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin to assess our financial performance and believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. Further, our executive incentive compensation program is based in part on components of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 We use constant currency measures as supplemental metrics to evaluate our underlying performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing certain percentage changes on a constant currency basis provide useful comparisons of our performance and trends between periods. 
 We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS as supplemental metrics to evaluate our business performance in a way that also considers our ability to generate profit without the impact of certain items. Each of the normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments described in the definition of Adjusted Net Income helps to provide management with a measure of our operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations or are non-cash expenses. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and constant currency measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider such measures either in isolation or as substitutes for analyzing our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include the following: 
 Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect every expenditure, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect changes in our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect any interest expense, or the amounts necessary to service interest or principal payments on any debt obligations; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect income tax expense, which is a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; 
 although depreciation and amortization are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, and the depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBIT, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect any costs of such replacements; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect the noncash component of certain employee compensation expense or payroll taxes associated with certain option exercises; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations; 
 Constant currency measures do not reflect the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, constant currency measures or similarly titled measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and constant currency measures only as supplemental information. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, projection, seek, should, will or would, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular, statements about the markets in which we operate, including our expectations about market trends, our market opportunity and the growth of our various markets, our expansion into new markets, any potential tax savings we may realize as a result of our organizational structure, our dividend policy, our share repurchase program and our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects or assumptions regarding future events, our performance or otherwise, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Part I, Item 1. Business, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Part I, Item 1. Business, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, or could affect our stock price. 
 Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements include: 
 changes in economic, political, social and market conditions and the impact of these changes on trading volumes; 
 our failure to compete successfully; 
 our failure to adapt our business effectively to keep pace with industry changes; 
 consolidation and concentration in the financial services industry; 
 our dependence on dealer clients; 
 design defects, errors, failures or delays with our platforms or solutions; 
 our dependence on third parties for certain market data and certain key functions; 
 our inability to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals; 
 our ability to implement our business strategies profitably; 
 our ability to successfully integrate any acquisition or to realize benefits from any strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures; 
 our inability to maintain and grow the capacity of our trading platforms, systems and infrastructure; 
 systems failures, interruptions, delays in services, cybersecurity incidents, catastrophic events and any resulting interruptions; 
 inadequate protection of our intellectual property; 
 extensive regulation of our industry; 
 our ability to retain the services of our senior management team; 
 limitations on operating our business and incurring additional indebtedness as a result of covenant restrictions under our 500.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders party thereto; 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 our dependence on distributions from TWM LLC to fund our expected dividend payments and to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement entered into in connection with the IPO; 
 our ability to realize any benefit from our organizational structure; 
 Refinitiv s, and indirectly LSEG s, control of us and our status as a controlled company; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and the development of the industry and markets in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and events in the industry and markets in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 We are a leader in building and operating electronic marketplaces for our global network of clients across the financial ecosystem. Our network is comprised of clients across the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors, including many of the largest global asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, central banks, banks and dealers, proprietary trading firms and retail brokerage and financial advisory firms, as well as regional dealers. Our marketplaces facilitate trading across a range of asset classes, including rates, credit, equities and money markets. We are a global company serving clients in over 65 countries with offices in North America, Europe and Asia. We believe our proprietary technology and culture of collaborative innovation allow us to adapt our offerings to enter new markets, create new platforms and solutions and adjust to regulations quickly and efficiently. We support our clients by providing solutions across the trade lifecycle, including pre-trade, execution, post-trade and data. 
 There are multiple key dimensions to the electronic marketplaces that we build and operate to provide deep pools of liquidity. Foundationally, these begin with our clients and then expand through and across multiple client sectors, geographic regions, asset classes, product groups, trading protocols and trade lifecycle solutions. 
 
 Our markets are large and growing. Electronic trading continues to increase in the markets in which we operate as a result of market demand for greater transparency, higher execution quality, operational efficiency and lower costs, as well as regulatory changes. We believe our deep client relationships, asset class breadth, geographic reach, regulatory knowledge and scalable technology position us to continue to be at the forefront of the evolution of electronic trading. Our platforms provide transparent, efficient, cost-effective and compliant trading solutions across multiple products, regions and regulatory regimes. As market participants seek to trade across multiple asset classes, reduce their costs of trading and increase the effectiveness of their trading, including through the use of data and analytics, we believe the demand for our platforms and electronic trading solutions will continue to grow. 
 We have a powerful network of approximately 2,500 clients across the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors. Our clients include leading global asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, central banks, banks and dealers, proprietary trading firms and retail brokerage and financial advisory firms, as well as regional dealers. As our network continues to grow across client sectors, we will generate additional transactions and data on our platforms, driving a virtuous cycle of greater liquidity and value for our clients. 
 Our technology supports multiple asset classes, trading protocols and geographies, and as a result, we are able to provide a broad spectrum of solutions and cost savings to our clients. We have built, and continue to invest in, a scalable, flexible and resilient proprietary technology architecture that enables us to remain agile and evolve with market structure. This allows us to partner closely with our clients to develop customized solutions for their trading and workflow needs. Our technology is deeply integrated with our clients risk and order management systems, clearinghouses, trade repositories, middleware providers and other important links in the trading value chain. These qualities allow us to be quick to market with new offerings, to constantly enhance our existing platforms and solutions and to collect a robust set of data and analytics to support our marketplaces. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We are focused on balancing revenue growth and margin expansion to create long-term value and we have a track record of growth and financial performance. By expanding the scope of our platforms and solutions, building scale and integration across marketplaces and benefiting from broader network effects, we have been able to grow both our transaction volume and subscription-based revenues. 
 Our Evolution 
 We were founded in 1996 and set out to solve for inefficiencies in the institutional U.S. treasury trading workflows, including limited price transparency, weak connectivity among market participants and error-prone manual processes. Our first electronic marketplace went live in 1998, and for more than 25 years we have leveraged our technology and expertise to expand into additional rates products and other asset classes, including credit, equities and money markets. Market demand for better trading workflows globally also was increasing and we initiated a strategy of rolling out our existing products to new geographies and adding local products. We expanded to Europe in 2000, initially offering U.S. fixed income products and soon thereafter added a marketplace for European government bonds. We expanded to Asia in 2004, where our first local product was Japanese government bonds. We have since continued to expand our product and client base in Europe and Asia. 
 We identified an opportunity to expand our offerings to the wholesale and retail client sectors based on our existing relationships with dealers and our strong market position. We developed our wholesale platform through the acquisitions of Hilliard Farber Co. in 2008 and Rafferty Capital Markets in 2011, and developed technology to facilitate the migration of inefficient wholesale voice markets to more efficient and transparent electronic markets. In June 2021, we acquired Nasdaq s U.S. fixed income electronic trading platform. The addition of this fully-electronic CLOB (central limit order book) offers a flexible, efficient approach to trading in the wholesale U.S. Treasury market. In addition, we entered the retail market through our acquisition of LeverTrade in 2006, scaled our market position through our acquisition of BondDesk in 2013, and have continued to leverage our market and technology expertise to enhance our platform serving that client sector. 
 Throughout our evolution we have developed many new innovations that have provided greater pre-trade price transparency, better execution quality and seamless post-trade solutions. Such innovations include the introduction of pre-trade composite pricing for multi-dealer-to-customer D2C trading, the Request-for-Quote RFQ trading protocol across all of our asset classes, the blast all-to-all A2A trading protocol across our global credit marketplaces and portfolio trading. We have also integrated our trading platforms with our proprietary post-trade systems as well as many of our clients order management and risk systems for efficient post-trade processing. In addition, because large components of the market remain relationship-driven, we continue to focus on introducing technology solutions to solve inefficiencies in voice markets, such as electronic voice processing, which allows our clients to use Tradeweb technology to process voice trades. We expect to continue to leverage our success to expand into new products, asset classes and geographies, while growing our powerful network of clients. 
 While our cornerstone products continue to be some of the first products we launched, including U.S. treasuries, European government bonds and To-Be-Announced mortgage-backed securities TBA MBS ), we have continued to solve trading inefficiencies by adding new products across our rates, credit, equities and money markets asset classes. As a result of expanding our offerings, we have increased our opportunities in related addressable markets, where estimated average daily trading volumes have grown from approximately 0.6 trillion in 1998 to 7.9 trillion through December 31, 2022, according to industry sources and management estimates. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 Our Network of Clients, Products, Geographies and Protocols 
 Our clients continue to use our trading venues because of our large network and deep pools of liquidity, which result in better and more efficient trade execution. We expand our relationships through our integrated technology and new offerings made available to our growing network of clients. As an electronic trading marketplace for key asset classes and products, we benefit from a virtuous cycle of liquidity trading volumes growing together and re-enforcing each other. We expect our existing clients to trade more volume on our trading venues and to attract new users to our already powerful network, as liquidity on our marketplaces continues to grow and we offer more products and value-added solutions. The breadth of our network, products, global presence and embedded scalable technology offers us unique insights and an established platform to swiftly enter additional markets and offer new value-added solutions. This is supported by more than 25 years of successful innovation and long trusted relationships with our clients. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We are a leader in making trading and the associated workflow more efficient for market participants. Based on industry sources and management estimates, we believe that we are a market leader in electronic trading for the following products: U.S. treasuries, U.S. High-Grade credit, TBA MBS, European government bonds, global interest rate swaps, ETP-traded Yen-denominated interest rate swaps and European ETFs. We cover all major client sectors participating in electronic trading, including the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors. In addition, we provide a full spectrum of trading protocols including voice, sweeps (session-based trading), RFQ, CLOB, A2A and portfolio trading, among others. 
 We believe the breadth of our offerings, experience and client relationships provides us unique market feedback and enables us to enter new markets with higher probabilities of success and greater speed. Many of our markets are interwoven and we provide participants trading capabilities across multiple products through a single relationship. We cover our global clients through offices in North America, Europe and Asia and a global trading network that is distributed throughout the world. 
 Culture of Collaborative Innovation 
 We have developed trusted client relationships through a culture of collaborative innovation where we work alongside our clients to solve their evolving workflow needs. We have a long track record of working with clients to solve both industry-level challenges and client-specific issues. We have had a philosophy of collaboration since our founding, when we worked with certain clients to improve U.S. treasury trading for the institutional client sector. 
 More recently, we introduced Tradeweb s Rematch, an industry-exclusive solution, offering institutional investors trading within AllTrade previously unavailable access to hundreds of millions of dollars in unmatched risk from dealers sessions, opening the door to a significantly larger pool of liquidity. We were also the first trading platform to offer portfolio trading for corporate bonds, creating a new and efficient way for participants to move risk. We helped make trading in credit markets more efficient by partnering with major dealers to improve liquidity and reduce the cost of net spotting the U.S. treasury in connection with a corporate bond trade. This net spotting functionality allows our credit clients to spot multiple bonds at the same time using our multi-dealer net spotting tool to net their interest rate risk simultaneously using one spot price. We have also worked side-by-side with clients and federal agencies to customize solutions for their particular needs in the TBA MBS market. For example, in direct collaboration with our leading TBA MBS clients we developed our Round Robin functionality to help resolve the issue of systemic fails on TBA MBS trades and reduce the operational risk and costs associated with delivery failures that often plague the TBA MBS market. In conjunction with Freddie Mac, we developed a direct-to-Freddie Mac exchange path for institutional clients related to the single security initiative, paving the way for a combined Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae TBA market of Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities. Through collaborative endeavors like these, we have become deeply integrated into our clients workflow and become a partner of choice for new innovations. 
 Scalable and Flexible Technology 
 We consistently use our proprietary technology to find new ways for our clients to trade more effectively and efficiently. Our core software solutions span multiple components of the trading lifecycle and include pre-trade data and analytics, trade execution and post-trade data, analytics and reporting, integration, connectivity and straight-through processing. Our systems are built to be scalable, flexible and resilient. Our internet-based, thin client technology is readily accessible and enables us to quickly access the market with easily distributed new solutions. For example, we were the first to offer web-based electronic multi-dealer trading to the institutional U.S. treasury market and have subsequently automated the market structure of additional markets globally. We have also created new trading protocols and developed additional solutions for our clients that are translated and built by our highly experienced technology and business personnel working together to solve a client workflow problem. Going forward, we expect our technology platform, and ongoing investments in technology and new product offerings, to help us stay at the forefront of the evolution of electronic trading. 
 Our Global Regulatory Footprint and Domain Expertise 
 We are regulated (as necessitated by jurisdiction and applicable law) or have necessary legal clearance to offer our platforms and solutions in major markets globally, and our experience provides us credibility when we enter new markets and facilitates our ability to comply with additional regulatory regimes. With extensive experience in addressing existing and pending regulatory changes in our industry, we offer clients a central source of expertise and thought leadership in our markets and assist them through the myriad of regulatory requirements. We then provide our clients with trading platforms that meet regulatory requirements and enable connectivity to pre- and post-trade systems necessary to comply with their regulatory obligations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Platforms and Solutions Empowered by Data and Analytics 
 Our data and analytics enhance the value proposition of our trading venues and improve the trading experience of our clients. We support our clients core trading functions by offering trusted pre- and post-trade services, value-added analytics and predictive insights informed by our deep understanding of how market participants interact. Our data and analytics help clients make better trading decisions, benefitting our current clients and attracting new market participants to our network. For example, data powers our Automated Intelligent Execution AiEX functionality which allows traders to automatically execute trades according to pre-programmed rules and automatically sends completed or rejected order details to internal order management systems. By allowing traders to automate and execute their smaller, low touch trades more efficiently, AiEX helps traders focus their attention on larger, more nuanced trades. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the percentage of trades executed by our institutional clients using our AiEX functionality was over 30 of total institutional trades, up from 6 in 2015, and we are seeing demand for AiEX continue to grow across some of our key products, including U.S. treasuries, European government bonds, global swaps, U.S. corporate bonds and global ETFs. 
 Our over 25 year operating history has allowed us to build comprehensive and unique datasets across our markets and, as we add new products to our platforms, we will continue to create new datasets that may be monetized in the future. Our marketplaces generate valuable data, processing on average over 90,000 trades and significantly more pre-trade price updates daily, that we collect centrally and use as inputs to our pre-trade indicative pricing and analytics. We maintain a full history of inquiries and transactions, which means, for example, we have over 25 years of U.S. treasury data. We will seek to further monetize our data over time both through potential expansion of our existing market data license agreement with Refinitiv and through distributing additional datasets and analytics offerings through our own network or through other third-party networks. 
 We are also continuously developing new offerings and solutions to meet the changing needs of our clients. For example, in 2022 we launched Automated Intelligent Pricing Ai-Price ), an innovative bond pricing engine that applies data science to help make markets more efficient and delivers reliable reference pricing for U.S. corporate and municipal bonds, regardless of how frequently a bond trades. Clients now leverage the service to power their AiEX auto-trading, portfolio trading, and Transaction Cost Analysis TCA ). 
 Experienced Management Team 
 Our focus and decades of experience have enabled us to accumulate the knowledge and capabilities needed to serve complex, dynamic and highly regulated markets, and oversee our expansion into new markets and geographies while managing ongoing strategic initiatives including our significant technology investments. Our management team is composed of executives with an average of over 25 years of relevant industry experience including an average of over 10 years working together at Tradeweb under different ownership structures and through multiple market cycles, with a combination of veteran Tradeweb employees such as Mr. Billy Hult, who has been at the Company for 20 years and took over as our Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2023 and new executives, including Mr. Thomas Pluta, who became our next President effective as of January 1, 2023. Management has fostered a culture of collaborative innovation with our clients, which combined with management s focus and experience, has been an important contributor to our success. We have been thought leaders and contributors to the public dialogue on key issues and regulations affecting our markets and industry, including congressional testimony, public roundtables, regulatory committees and industry panels. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 Throughout our history, we have operated with agility to address the evolving needs of our clients. We have been guided by our core principles, which are to build better marketplaces, to forge new relationships and to create trading solutions that position us as a strategic partner to the clients that we serve. We seek to advance our leadership position by focusing our efforts on the following growth strategies: 
 Continue to Grow Our Existing Markets 
 We believe there are significant opportunities to generate additional revenue from secular and cyclical tailwinds in our existing markets: 
 Growth in Our Underlying Asset Classes 
 The underlying volumes in our asset classes continue to increase due to increased government and corporate issuance. In addition, the government bond market is foundational to and correlative to virtually every asset class in the cash and derivatives fixed income markets. Select products that we believe have a high growth potential due to current market trends include global government bonds, interest rate derivatives, ETFs, repurchase agreements and credit cash products. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Growth in Our Market Share 
 Our clients represent most of the largest institutional, wholesale and retail market participants. The global rates, credit, equities and money markets asset classes continue to evolve electronically, and we seek to increase our market share by continuing to innovate to electronify workflows. We intend to continue to increase our market share by growing our client base and increasing the percentage of our clients overall trading volume transacted in those asset classes on our platforms, including by leveraging our voice solutions to win more electronic trading business from electronic voice processing clients in our rates and credit asset classes. In particular, across many of our products, we are implementing an integrated approach to grow our market share serving all three of our client sectors across all trade sizes, from odd-lot to block trades, through a variety of protocols. Many of our asset manager, hedge fund, insurance, central bank/sovereign entity and regional dealer clients actively trade multiple products on our platforms. In addition, our global dealer clients trade in most asset classes across all three client sectors. We also see a growing appetite for multi-asset trading to reduce cost and duration risk. 
 Electronification of Our Markets 
 Market demands and regulation are changing the paradigm of trading and driving the migration to electronic markets. Our clients desire transparency, best execution and choice of trading protocols amidst dynamic and evolving markets. Furthermore, innovations in capital markets have enabled increased automation and process efficiency across our markets. The electronification of our marketplaces varies by product. We typically see meaningful electronification of new products within three to five years of their launch, with certain products experiencing significant revenue growth following that period of time, including as a result of market and regulatory developments. For example, our U.S.- and euro-denominated derivative products experienced increased rates of electronification and related revenue growth following the implementation of mandates under the Dodd-Frank Act in 2013 and MiFID II in 2018 and we saw strong electronification increases in U.S. corporate bonds, repurchase agreements and swaps during the COVID-19 pandemic. We are well positioned to continue to innovate and provide better electronic markets and solutions that satisfy the needs of our clients and that meet changing market demands and evolving regulatory standards. 
 We believe that U.S. treasuries, global interest rate swaps, global ETFs, in particular, institutional block ETFs, U.S. credit products, including corporate high grade and high yield bonds, emerging markets and retail products overall, are key drivers of our potential growth. Our penetration of these markets, and their level of electronification, are at various stages. We are focused on growing our market share for these products by continuing to invest in new technology solutions that will attract new market participants to our platforms and increase the use of our platforms by existing clients. 
 Expand Our Product Set and Reach 
 We have grown our business by prudently expanding our offerings to add new products and asset classes, and we expect to continue to invest to add new products and expand into new complementary markets as client demand and market trends evolve. In 2017, we expanded into China to offer our global clients access to the Chinese bond market through our initiative with BondConnect, where Northbound trading began in 2017, and in 2020 we launched CIBM Direct. During 2021, we completed our first Southbound BondConnect transactions for various bonds tradable in the Hong Kong bond market, offering onshore investors enhanced access to oversees liquidity, pre-trade transparency and innovative trading protocols. We continue to focus on these initiatives and on expanding opportunities with clients in the Asia region more broadly. In addition, we have expanded our product set to include wholesale electronic repurchase agreements, as well as U.S. and European bilateral repurchase agreements, European cash equities and U.S. options for our institutional client sector. We also intend to leverage innovation and technology capabilities to develop new solutions that help our clients trade more effectively and efficiently. For example, our swap compression functionality allows clients to reduce their swap positions at the clearinghouse, resulting in significant cost savings. On our institutional U.S. credit platform, our portfolio trading solution allows clients to obtain competitive prices on a full basket of securities and trade on net present value from dealers. In addition, multi-asset package (MAP) trading allows clients to simultaneously execute interest rate swaps, inflations swaps and government bonds in a single electronic package enabling clients to achieve more competitive pricing, reduce manual booking errors and increase execution speed. Net spotting, which links our institutional U.S. credit and U.S. treasury markets allows clients to reduce the operational stress and financial cost of executing offsetting Treasury hedges for corporate bonds that trade at a spread to the U.S. treasury. Given the breadth of expertise of our sales people and management, we have the ability to focus on new client opportunities and on selling additional solutions to existing clients. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we believe our business model is well suited to serve market participants in other asset classes and geographies where our guiding principles can continue to transform markets and broaden our reach and we expect to grow our emerging markets footprint moving forward. Our international strategy involves offering our existing products in new geographies and then adding local products. In addition, we believe our trading models in one product or asset class are transferable to other products or asset classes, irrespective of geography. For example, we have leveraged our session-based trading technology in European corporate bonds for session-based trading in U.S. corporate bonds and Off-the-Run U.S. treasuries. We have significant scale and breadth across our platforms, which position us well to take advantage of favorable market dynamics when introducing new products or solutions or entering into new markets. 
 Enhance Underlying Data and Analytics Capabilities to Develop Innovative Solutions 
 As the demand for data and analytics solutions grows across markets and geographies, we plan to continue to expand the scope of our underlying data, improve our tools and technology and enhance our analytics and trade decision support capabilities to provide innovative solutions that address this demand. As the needs of market participants evolve, we expect to continue to help them meet their challenges, which our continuous investments in data, technology and analytics enable us to do more quickly and efficiently. For example, we enhance our solutions by linking indicative pre-trade data to our clients specific trades to create predictive insights from client trading behavior. Our technology architecture reduces the time to market for new data solutions, which allows us to react quickly to client needs. 
 In November 2018, we extended our long-term agreement with Refinitiv, pursuant to which Refinitiv licenses certain data from us, which provides us with a predictable and growing revenue stream. In addition, we will continue to selectively pursue new strategic partnerships to expand our data and analytics offering over time. 
 We also have a roster of closing prices partnering with the Financial Times Stock Exchange Group FTSE for UK Gilts and Intercontinental Exchange ICE for U.S. treasuries in response to the growing demand for trusted reference price data that enables firms to manage investment portfolios, evaluate the fair value of securities, perform compliance monitoring and satisfy general accounting standards. 
 Pursue Strategic Acquisitions and Alliances 
 As part of our culture of collaborative innovation, throughout our history we have completed various acquisitions and initiated several formal strategic alliances. These alliances have taken several forms, including distribution partnerships, technological alliances and other financial arrangements. We intend to continue to selectively consider opportunities to grow through strategic alliances and acquisitions. For example, in November 2022, we entered into a multi-year partnership with BlackRock with the goal to integrate our credit trading solutions and data into BlackRock s Aladdin order execution management system and in June 2021, we acquired Nasdaq s U.S. fixed income electronic trading platform. These and other opportunities should enhance our existing capabilities, allow us to leverage the scale of other parties and accelerate our ability to enter new markets or provide new solutions. Our focus continues to be on opportunities that we believe can enhance or benefit from our technology platform and client network, provide significant market share and profitability and are consistent with our corporate culture. 
 Our Client Sectors 
 We have a powerful network of approximately 2,500 clients across the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors. Our clients include leading global asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, central banks, banks and dealers, proprietary trading firms and retail brokerage and financial advisory firms, as well as regional dealers. Since the founding of Tradeweb more than 25 years ago, we have developed trusted relationships with many of our clients and have invested to integrate with their capital markets technology infrastructures. This has facilitated the collaborative approach we employ to solve our clients evolving workflow needs. 
 We provide deep liquidity pools to the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors through our Tradeweb Institutional, Dealerweb and Tradeweb Direct platforms. We are dependent on our dealer clients to support our marketplaces by providing liquidity on our trading platforms, and certain of our dealer clients may account for a significant portion of our trading volume. Market knowledge and feedback from these dealer clients have also been important factors in the development of many of our offerings and solutions. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our client sectors are continuing to become more interwoven and we believe we are well positioned to deliver the benefits of cross-marketplace network effects. Many of our asset manager, hedge fund, insurance, central bank/sovereign entity and regional dealer clients actively trade multiple products on our platforms. In addition, many of the commercial banks and dealers providing liquidity on Tradeweb Institutional are also active traders on Dealerweb, our wholesale platform, and provide odd-lot inventory for our retail client sector. We believe that this overlapping of client sectors and asset classes will continue and, in the long-term, will eliminate the distinctions across institutional, retail and wholesale channels. Given our technological capabilities, the diversity of our client sectors and the breadth of our products and trading protocols, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on this emerging trend. 
 Institutional 
 Tradeweb Institutional offers dealer-to-client and all-to-all trading and related solutions to approximately 1,950 liquidity-taking clients. Our clients include leading asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, regional dealers and central banks/sovereign entities. The Tradeweb Institutional platform serves 90 of the world s largest 100 asset managers, over 80 of the top 25 insurance companies and over 55 central banks/sovereign entities with more than 150 dealers providing liquidity. 
 Tradeweb Institutional offers trading in a wide variety of products, including U.S. treasuries, European government bonds, TBA MBS, global interest rate swaps, global corporate bonds and ETFs, among others. Our trading protocols include RFQ, Request-for-Market, Request-for-Stream, list trading, compression, blast all-to-all, Click-to-Trade, portfolio trading and inventory-based. 
 Wholesale 
 We provide fully electronic, hybrid and voice trading for the wholesale community on our Dealerweb platform. Our clients include approximately 300 dealers and financial institutions with more than 100 actively trading on our electronic and hybrid markets. Nearly all of our electronic and hybrid dealer clients also trade on the Tradeweb Institutional and Tradeweb Direct platforms. Dealerweb s leading markets include TBA MBS, global credit products, U.S. treasuries, repurchase agreements, U.S. dollar-denominated swaps and U.S. ETFs. Our electronic trading protocols include directed streams, central limit orderbook and session-based trading. We are well positioned to facilitate and capitalize on the continued transition of wholesale client trading from voice or hybrid trading to fully electronic trading. To that end, we have had over 85 growth in the number of e-participants on our wholesale client sector markets since 2016. 
 Retail 
 Tradeweb Direct, our regulated Alternative Trading System ATS ), offers financial advisors and their retail clients access to micro-lot liquidity provided by our network of broker-dealers. Tradeweb Direct serves over 40,000 financial advisors at approximately 250 retail brokerage and advisory firms. In addition, certain Tradeweb Direct clients provide access to over 40,000 retail clients through white-labeled, web-based front ends. Tradeweb Direct also provides access to its ATS to large and middle-market asset managers. Tradeweb Direct offers trading in a range of products, including U.S. corporate bonds, treasuries, municipal bonds, structured products and certificates of deposit (CDs), using our Click-to-Trade, inventory-based and RFQ trading protocols. Participants on Tradeweb Direct have the ability to connect to our marketplaces via workstations or APIs or through access to websites that are white-labeled for our clients. 
 Our Asset Classes and Products 
 We offer efficient and transparent trading across a diverse range of asset classes: 
 Rates : We facilitate trading in a broad range of cash and derivatives rates products, including major government securities, such as U.S. treasury securities and European government bonds, mortgage-backed securities, interest rate swaps and agency/supranational securities and other rates products. 
 Credit : We offer deep pools of liquidity for our clients in cash and derivatives credit products, including U.S. and European high grade and high yield bonds, China bonds, municipal bonds, index, single name and sovereign credit default swaps and other credit products. 
 Equities : We offer trading in a range of cash and derivatives equities products, including global ETFs, equity derivatives and other equities products. 
 Money Markets : We offer trading in a broad range of cash money market products, including commercial paper, agency discount notes, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit and treasury bills and other money markets products. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Our Geographies 
 We have a global footprint serving approximately 2,500 clients in over 65 countries across the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and APAC (Asia Pacific) regions and with offices in North America, Europe and Asia. By region: 
 We serve approximately 1,500 clients in the Americas across North, Central and South America. 
 We serve approximately 700 clients in EMEA across Europe, the Middle East and North Africa. 
 We serve approximately 300 clients in APAC across Asia, the Pacific, Oceania and the Indian sub-continent. 
 In addition, we currently support trading across over 25 currencies globally. 
 We believe our platforms, technology and solutions have made trading in markets globally more efficient and transparent. Furthermore, our expertise in multiple jurisdictions positions us as a partner of choice as our clients expand their trading operations to new geographies. As the global markets move to electronic trading, we expect to be at the forefront of this change. 
 Our Solutions 
 We provide clients with solutions across the trade lifecycle including pre-trade data and analytics, intelligent trade execution, straight-through processing and post-trade data, analytics and reporting. 
 Pre-Trade Data and Analytics : We provide clients with accurate, real-time market data and streaming price updates across more than 40 products. Major financial publications across the globe reference our market data. Our real-time market data services include major government bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, fixed income derivatives and money markets. For example, data and analytics power our Automated Intelligent Price, or Ai-Price, functionality, which delivers benchmark pricing and insights for approximately 25,000 U.S. corporate bonds. We integrate directly with order management systems allowing for order entry and pre-trade compliance and risk analysis. Clients are also able to perform credit checks for cleared derivatives trading either with limits on our system or through connectivity to the futures commission merchants. 
 In addition, we provide Refinitiv with certain real-time market data feeds for multiple fixed income and derivatives products under an exclusive license pursuant to which Refinitiv redistributes such market data to its customers on its Eikon platform and through direct feeds. 
 Trade Execution : Trade execution is at the core of our business. We provide marketplaces and tools that facilitate trading by our clients and streamline their related workflows. Our market specialists and technology team work closely with our clients to continuously innovate and improve their trading practices. The trading protocols we currently offer on our platforms include: 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Request-for-quote. Our multi-dealer request-for-quote, or RFQ, protocol provides institutional clients with the ability to hold a real-time auction with multiple dealers and select the best price. RFQ was pioneered by Tradeweb in 1998 and has been deployed across all of our rate markets, including government bonds, mortgage-backed securities and U.S. agencies, and our other asset classes. The RFQ is a fully-disclosed trading protocol both buy-side and sell-side names are known prior to execution. Multi-dealer RFQ assists clients with achieving best execution. 
 Request-for-market. Our request-for-market, or RFM, protocol provides institutional clients with the ability to request a two-sided market from a particular dealer. This mirrors the approach of a client calling a specific trader for market prices and rates before showing the direction they want to trade. The RFM protocol has been effective in some of our newer markets, including credit default swap indices, where it is integrated with the RFQ and click-to-trade protocols on a single trading screen. 
 Request-for-stream. Our request-for-stream, or RFS, protocol allows multiple dealers to show clients continuously updating rates, in line with market movements, during a client s request window. 
 List trading. Used by clients with multiple transactions to complete, our list trading protocol is a highly efficient workflow tool. By executing many trades at once, clients can request prices from multiple dealers to extract the best price and complete the hedging of the trades at one time, saving significant manual effort compared to executing on the telephone. 
 Compression . Clients utilize our interest rate swap compression tool as an efficient means to reduce the number of line items they have outstanding at a clearinghouse by netting offsetting positions in a single transaction. This functionality allows clients to submit up to 250 line items to liquidity providers for simultaneous list pricing, which they can execute, clear and report in one transaction, reducing both their risk and clearing costs. The Tradeweb compression tool is flexible and versatile in design allowing clients to adapt the tool to their workflow and customize for granular swaps. 
 Blast all-to-all. Our Blast all-to-all, or A2A, protocol allows clients to send RFQ trade inquiries to all market participants in a given market and receive responses for executions. Trades are exposed to all liquidity providers simultaneously to broaden their liquidity sources. Blast A2A is currently used by our institutional clients in our global credit marketplaces, including U.S. high grade, U.S. high yield, European credit products and other corporate bonds. The Blast A2A functionality provides alert and inquiry monitors so participants are notified of trading opportunities. Clients can send single or list trade inquiries and can receive responses for full or partial fills. Clients can also leverage our AiEX tool in conjunction with this trading protocol. 
 Click-to-trade. Our click-to-trade, or CTT, protocol enables a liquidity-taking client to view a set of prices in real-time and click on the price and the dealer with whom they wish to execute. This trading protocol is especially popular with clients that are looking to view a range of executable, real-time prices across dealers. 
 Portfolio Trading . To support rebalancing of passive portfolios and ETFs, our portfolio trading solution allows clients to obtain competitive prices and trade on net present value on a full basket of securities. 
 Session-based . Sweep, our session-based trading protocol, allows clients to manage inventory and balance sheets by entering orders to be matched against opposite orders at a specified time and price, concentrating market liquidity to a particular point in time. This protocol leverages our broker relationships, technology, and pricing from the overall Tradeweb network to fill the gap between voice brokering and fully electronic order book trading. 
 Central Limit Order Book. Our central limit order book, or CLOB, is a continuous electronic protocol that allows clients to trade on firm bids and offers from other market participants, as well as enter their own resting bids and offers for display to the market participants, typically anonymously. 
 Directed streams. Our directed streams protocol, which is currently used by our wholesale clients in the On-The-Run U.S. treasury marketplace, gives clients an efficient alternative to traditional voice and order book trading. Liquidity-taking and liquidity-providing clients can establish data-driven, customized bilateral trading relationships that deliver real-time price discovery and high quality execution. In this matched principal model, clients can connect to a single platform to transact with multiple pools of directed liquidity. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Inventory-based. Our inventory-based protocol allows liquidity-providing clients to submit a range of bids and offers for particular securities that a counterparty can then look to execute on. These prices are not necessarily updated in real-time but provide a good indication of where the counterparty is likely to complete the trade. This protocol is most commonly deployed in less liquid, security-specific marketplaces, such as certain credit and money markets marketplaces. 
 Rematch. Our Rematch protocol allows dealers to send accepted, but unmatched orders from a Sweep session to the all-to-all network as an anonymous RFQ. For a pre-set period of time, sell-side participants create a second opportunity to trade a given security with a larger and more diverse set of counterparties. Rematch connects our wholesale liquidity to our institutional and retail liquidity pools. 
 Voice. Voice-brokered products in our wholesale client sector include, among other products, U.S. treasuries, MBS, municipal bonds and repurchase agreements. Our voice brokers provide anonymity and insight for sell side traders and give us valuable high-touch relationships and market understanding and access. 
 Tradeweb Automated Intelligent Execution, or AiEX, is an innovative automated trading technology that allows clients to execute large volumes of trade tickets at a high speed using pre-programmed execution rules that are tailored to the client s trading strategy. Clients use AiEX to efficiently automate high volumes of small, basic trades to free up time and create capacity. In addition, clients apply AiEX to more complex execution strategies to open up new trading opportunities. The trading benefits of AiEX include efficient accelerated execution, better optimization to fine-tune dealer selection and enhanced automated compliance. 
 Trade Processing : Our trade processing technology allows our clients to increase productivity, reduce risk and improve overall performance. Our post-trade solutions allow clients to allocate their electronic or phone-executed trades electronically, including storing and communicating organizational and sub-account settlement, identity and confirmation preference information for processing trades. Our post-trade solutions also make it easier for clients to communicate trade settlement information to dealers, prime brokers, fund administrators and confirmation vendors. Additionally, clients can send trades to clearinghouses and reporting in real-time through third-party middleware or Tradeweb developed direct links. We work side by side with numerous industry partners to provide direct server-to-server connections. By eliminating manual re-entry of trade and allocation information, our solutions assist clients in reducing failed trades and saving time, effort and money. 
 Post-Trade Data, Analytics and Reporting : Our comprehensive post-trade services include transaction cost analysis, or TCA, best execution reporting and client performance reports. These powerful tools provide our clients with ways to measure and optimize their trade performance. Our TCA tools monitor the cost effectiveness and quality of execution of trading activities for trades executed on or off Tradeweb. Our post-trade performance reports provide a summary of trading activity including detailed exception reports, price benchmarking and peer group comparisons. In response to MiFID II, we also launched an APA reporting service to allow clients to meet post-trade transparency requirements for off-venue or OTC trading activity. Our APA service provides regulatory pre-trade and post-trade reporting across multiple asset classes, including for products not offered by Tradeweb. The APA service also provides venue reporting for clients for Refinitiv s FX trading venues and Forte Securities. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell and promote our offerings and solutions using a variety of sales and marketing strategies. Our sales organization, which is generally not commission based, follows a team-based approach to covering clients, deploying our product and regional expertise as best dictated by evolving market conditions. The team has historically been organized by client sector and then by region, but as markets have converged, we have increasingly leveraged our global and cross-product expertise to drive growth. Our sales team, which works closely with our technology team, is responsible for new client acquisition and the management of ongoing client relationships to increase clients awareness, knowledge and usage of our trading platforms, new product launches, information and data services and post-trade services. Our sales team is also responsible for training and supporting new and existing clients on their use of our platforms and solutions and for educating clients more broadly on the benefits of electronic trading, including how to optimize their trading performance and efficiency through our various trading protocols. 
 Given the breadth of our global client network, trading volume activity and engagement with regulatory bodies, we regularly work to help educate market participants on market trends, the impact of regulatory changes and technology advancements. Our senior executives often provide insight and thought leadership to the industry through conversations with the media, appearances at important industry events, roundtables and forums, submitting authored opinion pieces to media outlets and conducting topical webinars for our clients. We believe this provides a valued service for our constituents and enhances our brand awareness and stature within the financial community. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we employ various marketing strategies to strengthen our brand position and explain our offerings, including through our public website, advertising, digital and social media, earned media, direct marketing, promotional mailings, industry conferences and hosted events. 
 Competition 
 The markets for our solutions continue to evolve and are competitive in the asset classes, products and geographies in which we operate. We compete with a broad range of market participants globally. Some of these market participants compete in a particular market, while select others compete against the entire spectrum of our offerings and solutions. In addition, there are other companies that have the platform breadth and global reach that we provide. We believe that our comprehensive offerings, global reach, culture of collaboration and broad network increasingly differentiate us from other market participants. 
 We primarily compete on the basis of client network, domain expertise, breadth of offerings and solutions and ease of integration of our platforms with our client s technology, as well as the quality, reliability, security and ease of our platforms and solutions. We face six main areas of competition: 
 Other electronic trading platforms : We compete with a number of other electronic trading venues. These include MarketAxess, Bloomberg, ICE (Bondpoint, TMC Bonds, Creditex), Trumid, TP ICAP (Liquidnet) and others in the credit and municipal markets; Bloomberg, Euronext (MTS), CME Group (NEX Group), BGC Partners (Fenics), MarketAxess (LiquidityEdge) and others in the rates and derivatives markets; and Virtu (RFQ-hub) and Bloomberg in the equities and ETF markets. 
 Exchanges : In recent years, exchanges have pursued acquisitions that have put them in competition with us. For example, ICE acquired BondPoint and TMC Bonds, retail-focused platforms, and Interactive Data Corporation IDC ), a provider of fixed income data, in an effort to expand its portfolio of fixed income products and services. CME Group and Nasdaq also operate exchanges that compete with us. Exchanges also have data and analytics relationships with several market participants, which increasingly put their offerings in direct competition with Tradeweb. 
 Inter-dealer brokers : We compete with inter-dealer brokers, particularly in our wholesale markets in products such as MBS, U.S. Treasuries, U.S. repo and products traded on Swap Execution Facilities SEFs ). Major competitors include TP ICAP, BGC Partners and Tradition. Many of these firms also offer voice, electronic and hybrid trading protocols. As larger, full service inter-dealer brokers have consolidated, numerous boutique firms and alternative electronic start-ups are attempting to capture select markets. 
 Single-bank systems : Major global and regional investment and commercial banks offer institutional clients electronic trade execution through proprietary trading systems. Many of these banks expend considerable resources on product development, sales and support to promote their single-bank systems. 
 Dealers : Many of our markets are still traded through traditional voice-based protocols. Institutional investors have historically purchased fixed-income securities, large blocks of equity securities, or ETFs, or entered into OTC derivative transactions, by telephoning sales professionals at dealers. We face competition from trading conducted over the telephone between dealers and their institutional clients. 
 Market data and information vendors : Market data and information providers, such as Bloomberg, IDC (now part of ICE) and IHS Markit, have a pervasive presence across the financial trading community. Their data and pre- and post-trade analytics compete with offerings we provide to support trading on our marketplaces. 
 We face intense competition, and we expect competition with a broad range of competitors to continue to intensify in the future. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Market and Industry Dynamics and Competition Failure to compete successfully could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Proprietary Technology 
 For more than 25 years, we have collaborated with our clients to continually innovate and evolve with the structure of our markets. This collaboration enables us to remain agile across client sectors, geographies, asset classes and products providing speed to market and a distinct cost and innovation advantage to our clients. Critical to our ability to collaborate with clients and remain at the forefront of evolving market trends is our team of over 350 technologists, which works closely with our client, product and sales teams and has deep market knowledge and domain expertise. This knowledge and expertise not only allows us to address client demand but also to focus on those solutions that can be scaled across client sectors, asset classes and trading protocols. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our systems are built to be scalable, flexible and resilient. Our core software solutions span the trading lifecycle and include pre-trade analytics, trade execution and post-trade data, analytics and reporting, connectivity and straight-through processing. 
 A significant portion of our operating budget is dedicated to system design, development and operations in order to achieve high levels of overall system performance. We continually monitor our performance metrics and upgrade our capacity configurations and requirements to handle anticipated peak trading activity in our highest volume products. 
 The key aspects of our proprietary technology infrastructure include facilitating client-driven innovation, launching new solutions quickly and investing in talent, machine learning and AI capabilities. These aspects of our technology lead to the following: 
 Nimble product development in collaboration with clients : Our approach to product development facilitates continuous releases of important product features. This allows us to be opportunistic in what we decide to release at any point in time and inject newly discovered opportunities into the trade lifecycle. We have designed our platforms to be component-based and modular. New components can be built quickly and have detailed monitoring and command capabilities embedded. 
 Scalable architecture : Our scalable architecture was designed to address increased trading activities and evolving market structures in a cost efficient manner. Furthermore, the diversity and breadth of our platforms allow us to expand our capabilities across new markets. We use third-party data centers to more flexibly manage our capacity needs and costs, as well as to leverage security, network and service capabilities. 
 Strong business continuity and disaster recovery planning : During 2022, we have continued to enhance our business continuity plans in place in the event of a significant business disruption or disaster recovery situation to ensure the resilience of critical systems required for normal operations and the safety of all employees. The plans cover a range of scenarios and adhere to industry standards and regulatory mandates as outlined by the Interagency Paper on Sound Practices to Strengthen the Resilience of the U.S. Financial System, the SEC s Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity, Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC rules concerning system safeguards and other agencies and entities. Activities covered by the plans include the primary responsible parties at Tradeweb, actions to restore essential systems and applications with target recovery times to accomplish all stated objectives and communications to staff, partners, clients and regulators. The plans are periodically updated based on the most relevant threats to operations and tested to ensure effectiveness during emergency conditions. 
 We also maintain redundant networks, hardware, data centers and alternate operational facilities to address interruptions. We have eight datacenters across the United States, the United Kingdom UK and Japan. Our data center infrastructure is designed to be resilient and responsive with built-in redundancies. 
 Ongoing security, system monitoring and alerting : We prioritize security throughout our platforms, operations and software development. We make architectural, design and implementation choices to structurally address security risks, such as logical and physical access controls, perimeter firewall protection and embedded security processes in our systems development lifecycle. Our cyber security program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework (the Framework ). The Framework consists of standards, guidelines and best practices to manage cybersecurity-related risks and promote the protection and resilience of critical infrastructure. Our Global Chief Information Security Officer leads a qualified cyber security team in assessing, managing and reducing the relevant risks to assure critical operations and continuous delivery of service. We constantly monitor connectivity, and our global operations team is alerted if there are any suspect events. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Like most companies that develop their technology in-house, we rely upon a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret and trademark laws, written agreements and common law to protect our proprietary technology, processes and other intellectual property. 
 To that end, we have patents or patents pending in the United States and other jurisdictions covering significant trading protocols and other aspects of our trading system technology. 
 In addition, we own, or have filed applications for, the rights to trade names, trademarks, copyrights, domain names and service marks that we use in the marketing of our platforms and solutions to clients. We have registered for trademarks in many of our markets, including our major markets, with registrations pending in others. Trademarks registered include, but are not limited to, Tradeweb, Dealerweb, and Tradeweb Direct. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We also enter into written agreements with third parties, employees, clients, contractors and strategic partners to protect our proprietary technology, processes and other intellectual property, including agreements designed to protect our trade secrets. Examples of these written agreements include third-party non-disclosure agreements, employee non-disclosure and inventions assignment agreements, licensing agreements and restricted use agreements. 
 Regulation 
 Many aspects of our business are subject to regulation in a number of jurisdictions, including the United States, the UK, the Netherlands, France, Germany, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Australia. In these jurisdictions, government regulators and self-regulatory organizations oversee the conduct of our business, and have broad powers to promulgate and interpret laws, rules and regulations that may serve to restrict or limit our business. As a matter of public policy, these regulators are tasked with ensuring the integrity of the financial and securities markets and protecting the interests of investors in those markets generally. Rulemaking by regulators, including resulting market structure changes, has had an impact on our business by directly affecting our method of operation and, at times, our profitability. 
 As registered trading platforms, broker-dealers, introducing brokers and other types of regulated entities as described below, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations (including the rules of self-regulatory organizations) that cover all aspects of their business, including manner of operation, system integrity, anti-money laundering and financial crimes, handling of material non-public information, safeguarding data, capital requirements, reporting, record retention, market access, licensing of employees and the conduct of officers, employees and other associated persons. 
 Regulation can impose, and has imposed, obligations on our regulated subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries. These increased obligations require the implementation and maintenance of internal practices, procedures and controls, which have increased our costs. Many of our regulators, as well as other governmental authorities, are empowered to bring enforcement actions and to conduct administrative proceedings, examinations, inspections and investigations, which may result in increased compliance costs, penalties, fines, enhanced oversight, increased financial and capital requirements, additional restrictions or limitations, censure, suspension or disqualification of the entity and/or its officers, employees or other associated persons, or other sanctions, such as disgorgement, restitution or the revocation or limitation of regulatory approvals. Whether or not resulting in adverse findings, regulatory proceedings, examinations, inspections and investigations can require substantial expenditures of time and money and can have an adverse impact on a firm s reputation, client relationships and profitability. From time to time, we and our associated persons have been and are subject to routine reviews, none of which to date have had a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. As a result of such reviews, we may be required to amend certain internal structures and frameworks, such as our operating procedures, systems and controls. 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to constant change. We are unable to predict how certain new laws and proposed rules and regulations will be implemented or in what form, or whether any changes to existing laws, rules and regulations, including the interpretation, implementation or enforcement thereof or a relaxation or amendment thereof, will occur in the future. We believe that uncertainty and potential delays around the final form of certain new rules and regulations may negatively impact our clients and trading volumes in certain markets in which we transact, although a relaxation of or the amendment of existing rules and requirements could potentially have a positive impact on certain markets. While we generally believe the net impact of the laws, rules and regulations may be positive for our business, it is possible that unintended consequences may materially adversely affect us in ways yet to be determined. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Considerations Our business, and the businesses of many of our clients, could be materially adversely affected by new laws, rules or regulations or changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, including the interpretation and enforcement thereof. 
 U.S. Regulation 
 In the United States, the SEC is the federal agency primarily responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws, including adopting and enforcing rules and regulations applicable to broker-dealers. Two of our broker-dealers operate alternative trading systems subject to the SEC s Regulation ATS, which includes certain specific requirements and compliance responsibilities in addition to those faced by broker-dealers generally. Broker-dealers are also subject to regulation by state securities administrators in those states in which they conduct business or have registered to do business. We are also subject to the various anti-fraud provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Commodity Exchange Act, certain state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We also may be subject to vicarious and controlling person liability for the activities of our subsidiaries and our officers, employees and affiliated persons. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The CFTC is the federal agency primarily responsible for the administration of federal laws governing activities relating to futures, swaps and other derivatives including the adoption of rules applicable to SEFs. Our SEFs are subject to regulations that relate to trading and product requirements, governance and disciplinary requirements, operational capabilities, surveillance obligations and financial information and resource requirements, including the requirement that they maintain sufficient financial resources to cover operating costs for at least one year. 
 Much of the regulation of broker-dealers operations in the United States has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations. These self-regulatory organizations adopt rules (which are generally subject to approval by the SEC) that govern the operations of broker-dealers and conduct periodic inspections and examinations of their operations. In the case of our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries, the principal self-regulatory organization is the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ). Accordingly, our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to both scheduled and unscheduled examinations by the SEC and FINRA. In addition, our broker-dealers municipal securities-related activities are subject to the rules of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board MSRB ). In connection with our introducing broker-related activities, we are also subject to the oversight of the National Futures Association NFA ), a self-regulatory organization that regulates certain CFTC registrants. 
 Following the 2008 financial crisis, legislators and regulators in the United States adopted new laws and regulations, including the Dodd-Frank Act. Various rules and regulations were promulgated following the financial crisis, such as the Volcker Rule and additional bank capital and liquidity requirements. 
 In addition, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act Title VII amended the Commodity Exchange Act and the Exchange Act to establish a regulatory framework for swaps, subject to regulation by the CFTC, and security-based swaps, subject to regulation by the SEC. The CFTC has completed the majority of its regulations in this area, most of which are in effect. The SEC has also finalized many of its security-based swap regulations. Among other things, Title VII rules require certain standardized swaps to be cleared through a central clearinghouse and/or traded on a designated contract market or SEF, subject to various exceptions. Title VII also requires the registration and regulation of certain market participants, including SEFs, and requires SEFs to maintain robust front-end and back-office information technology capabilities. The SEC proposed a number of rules relating to the registration and regulation of security-based swap execution facilities SBSEFs ), most recently on April 6, 2022. While we cannot yet predict the ultimate effect these rules will have on our business, we expect that certain of our subsidiaries may be required to register as SBSEFs if and when the SEC finalizes these rules. 
 The regulatory environment in the U.S. continues to evolve and while legislation to roll-back key pieces of the Dodd-Frank Act in an effort to loosen certain regulatory restrictions on financial institutions has been issued, the industry continues to be more heavily regulated than it was prior to the 2008 financial crisis. While it is still largely unknown at this time to what extent new legislation will be passed into law or whether pending or new regulatory proposals will be adopted or modified, or what effect such passage, adoption or modification will have, whether positive or negative, on our industry, our clients or us, both the SEC and the CFTC have issued a number of regulatory proposals and we may continue to see the same level of activity by these two regulators in the future. For example, in August 2022, the CFTC issued a final rule modifying the swap clearing requirement in support of the transition from LIBOR and other Interbank Offered Rates to Alternative Reference Rates. Additionally, the SEC has recently conducted a review of the regulatory framework for fixed-income electronic trading platforms for the purpose of evaluating the potential regulatory gaps that may exist among such platforms, including ours, with respect to access to markets, system integrity, surveillance, and transparency, among other things. In January 2022, as a result of this review, the SEC proposed rules that will expand Regulation ATS and Regulation SCI to alternative trading systems (ATS) that trade government securities and amend the SEC rule regarding the definition of an exchange to include Communication Protocol Systems, such as our RFQ protocols. In connection with these proposed rules, we expect that we will have to operate additional trading protocols in compliance with Regulation ATS. It is unknown at this time to what extent new legislation will be passed into law or whether pending or new regulatory proposals will be adopted or modified, or what effect such passage, adoption or modification will have, whether positive or negative, on our industry, our clients or us. 
 Non-U.S. Regulation 
 Outside of the United States, we are currently regulated by: the Financial Conduct Authority FCA in the UK, the De Nederlandsche Bank DNB and the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets AFM ), Autorit Des March s Financiers AMF and Autorit de contr le prudentiel et de resolution ACPR in France, Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht BaFin in Germany, the Japan Financial Services Agency (the JFSA ), the Japan Securities Dealers Association (the JSDA ), the Securities Futures Commission (the SFC of Hong Kong, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS ), the Australian Securities and Investment Commission (the ASIC ), the Comisi n Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (the CBNV in Mexico, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ), the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and provincial regulators in Canada. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The FCA s strategic objective is to ensure that the UK s markets function well and its operational objectives are to protect consumers, to protect and enhance the integrity of the UK financial system and to promote effective competition in the interests of consumers. It has investigative and enforcement powers derived from the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 FSMA and subsequent legislation and regulations. The FCA is responsible for supervision of our conduct and prudential compliance. Subject to section 178 of FSMA, individuals or companies that seek to acquire or increase their control in a firm that the FCA regulates is required to obtain prior approval from the FCA. 
 The legal framework in the Netherlands for financial undertakings is predominantly included in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht or FSA ). The AFM, like the DNB, is an autonomous administrative authority with independent responsibility for fulfilling its supervisory function. Pursuant to section 2:96 of the FSA, the AFM authorizes investment firms. The AFM is legally responsible for business supervision. The DNB is responsible for prudential supervision. The purpose of prudential supervision is to ensure the solidity of financial undertakings and to contribute to the stability of the financial sector. Holders of a qualifying holding (in short, shareholdings or voting rights of 10 or more) must apply to the DNB for a declaration of no objection and satisfy the applicable requirements pursuant to section 3:95 of the FSA. The DNB and the AFM co-operate under the provisions of the FSA and have concluded a covenant on the co-operation and co-ordination of supervision and other related tasks. 
 Much of our derivatives volume continues to be executed by non-U.S. based clients outside the United States and is subject to local regulations. In particular, the European Union EU has enhanced the existing laws and developed new rules and regulations targeted at the financial services industry, including MiFID II and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFIR ), which were implemented in January 2018 and which introduced significant changes to the EU financial markets designed to facilitate more efficient markets and greater transparency for participants. 
 Among other aspects of the regulations, MiFID II and MiFIR: (i) require a significant part of the market in certain derivative instruments to trade on regulated trading venues that are subject to transparency regimes, (ii) enhance pre- and post-trade transparency for instruments within the scope of the requirements that have been calibrated for different types of instruments and types of trading, (iii) enhance the transparency of fee structures and access to trading venues, (iv) increase and enhance post-trade reporting obligations with a requirement for systematic internalisers to submit certain post-trade data to APAs, (v) provide for the establishment of a consolidated tape for certain trade data, (vi) improve technology synchronization and best execution and (vii) enhance investor protection in other ways. MiFID II is also intended to help improve the functioning of the EU single market by achieving a greater consistency of regulatory standards. By design, therefore, it is intended that Member States should have very similar regulatory regimes in relation to the matters addressed by MiFID. In addition, the new regulated execution venue category introduced by MiFID II known as the Organized Trading Facility OTF (in addition to the venue category of Multilateral Trading Facility MTF for electronic trading) is intended to capture much of the voice and hybrid oriented trading within the EU. 
 The UK withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020 and entered a transitional period which expired on December 31, 2020, following which our UK authorized subsidiary no longer could passport its FCA regulatory permissions throughout the European Economic Area EEA ). In preparation for Brexit, we successfully ensured that services can continue to be provided in the UK and throughout the EEA, notably by establishing a legal entity in the Netherlands, Tradeweb EU B.V., which offers services from our Amsterdam office. Further effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the UK and EU may make, including in relation to access to the financial services markets. 
 Capital Requirements 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to jurisdiction specific regulatory capital requirements, designed to maintain the general financial integrity and liquidity of a regulated entity. In general, they require that at least a minimum amount of a regulated entity s assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain required minimum capital may subject a regulated subsidiary to a fine, requirement to cease conducting business, suspension, revocation of registration or expulsion by the applicable regulatory authorities, and ultimately could require the relevant entity s liquidation. As of December 31, 2022, each of our regulated subsidiaries had maintained sufficient net capital or financial resources to at least satisfy their minimum requirements. See Note 19 Regulatory Capital Requirements to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Regulatory Status of Tradeweb Entities 
 Our operations span jurisdictions across North America, Europe and Asia, and we operate through various regulated entities. The current regulatory status of our regulated entities is described below. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb LLC is a SEC-registered broker-dealer and a member of FINRA and MSRB. Tradeweb LLC is also a CFTC-registered introducing broker and a member of NFA. Tradeweb LLC relies on the international dealer exemption in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Alberta, British Columbia, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Quebec, Saskatchewan and Manitoba, and is recognized as a foreign trading venue in Switzerland. 
 Dealerweb Inc. is a SEC-registered broker-dealer, operates an ATS and is a member of FINRA and MSRB. Dealerweb Inc. is also a CFTC-registered introducing broker and a member of NFA. Dealerweb Inc. is recognized as a foreign trading venue in Switzerland. Dealerweb relies on the international dealer exemption in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Quebec and Nova Scotia and the ATS Order Exemption for Ontario, Quebec and Nova Scotia. 
 Execution Access, LLC, acquired in June 2021, was a SEC-registered broker-dealer that operated an ATS and was a member of FINRA. In November 2022, Execution Access, LLC merged with and into Dealerweb Inc. with Dealerweb Inc. being the surviving entity. 
 Tradeweb Direct LLC is a SEC-registered broker-dealer, operates an ATS and is a member of FINRA and MSRB. Tradeweb Direct LLC relies on the international dealer exemption in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. 
 Tradeweb Europe Limited is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA as a MiFID Investment Firm. It has permissions to operate an MTF, an OTF and an APA. Tradeweb Europe Limited is also regulated by ASIC and holds an Overseas Australian Market Operator License. In January 2022, Tradeweb Europe obtained a license to provide direct market access to trading participants (Handelsteilnehmer) domiciled in Germany via an electronic trading system pursuant to section 102(1) of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG). 
 The Singapore branch of Tradeweb Europe Limited is regulated by the MAS as a Recognised Market Operator RMO ). 
 The Hong Kong branch of Tradeweb Europe Limited is regulated by the SFC as an Automated Trading Service. 
 Tradeweb Commercial Information Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned foreign enterprise (WOFE) in China for the purpose of providing consulting and marketing activities in China. The Tradeweb offshore electronic trading platform is recognized by the People s Bank of China (PBOC) for the provision of Bond Connect and CIBM Direct. 
 TW SEF LLC is a CFTC-registered SEF. TW SEF LLC is formally exempt from registration as an exchange in the Canadian provinces of Alberta, Ontario and Quebec and is recognized as a foreign trading venue in Switzerland. TW SEF LLC is approved and regulated by ASIC as an Overseas Australian Market Operator Licensee and is recognized as Foreign Trading Venue in Mexico. 
 DW SEF LLC is a CFTC-registered SEF. DW SEF LLC is formally exempt from registration in the Canadian province of Ontario and is recognized as a foreign trading venue in Switzerland. 
 Tradeweb Japan KK is regulated by the JFSA and is registered as a Type 1 Financial Instruments Exchange Business Operator (reg. Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No.2997) pursuant to which it has been granted a Proprietary Trading System (PTS) Operator License. It is also a notified Electronic Trading Platform (ETP) operator for IRS intermediary business. Tradeweb Japan KK is a member of the JSDA, which is an authorized self-regulatory body under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan, the governing law of the financial services industry in Japan. 
 Tradeweb EU B.V. is authorized and regulated by the DNB and AFM as a MiFID Investment Firm with permissions to operate an MTF and an OTF. Tradeweb EU B.V. passports its permissions under MiFID and accordingly provides services throughout the EU and the EEA. Tradeweb EU B.V. is also regulated by ASIC and holds an Overseas Australian Market Operator License. 
 The Paris branch of Tradeweb EU B.V. is supervised by the ACPR. 
 Tradeweb Execution Services Limited is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA as an Investment Firm BIPRU Firm ). 
 Tradeweb Execution Services B.V. is authorized and regulated by the AFM as a MiFID investment firm with permission to trade on a matched principal basis. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 In order to maintain our role as a leader in building and operating electronic marketplaces for our global network of clients, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. To facilitate talent attraction and employee retention, we strive to make Tradeweb a diverse, inclusive and safe workplace. We firmly believe that a cared-for, proud, and diverse workforce will power our innovation into the future. We strive to provide opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by initiatives that build connections between our employees and the communities in which we operate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,091 employees, 782 of whom were based in the United States and 309 of whom were based outside of the United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider our relationships with our employees to be good and have not experienced any interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that diverse teams make better decisions and create greater long-term value, and we are committed to maintaining a safe and inclusive environment for everyone and attracting and retaining diverse talent at all levels. Our goal is to continue to reach for greater equality in the gender and ethnic diversity of our employees, to maintain and grow our culture of inclusiveness, education, acceptance and learning, and to ensure employees feel encouraged and equipped to be their genuine selves at work. Through our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE I) Committee, on which members of our executive team serve, including our Global Head of Human Resources and Head of Investor Relations, FP A and Treasury, we raise awareness, provide a forum to discuss diversity and inclusion and promote a diverse and inclusive culture. We seek to involve employees at all levels in DE I, including through recruitment, philanthropy and training. We also sponsor the Global Women s Network, which provides skills-building, educational, and career-relevant programming for employees and brings topics affecting women in the workplace front and center. Our commitment to DE I has been demonstrated through partnerships with approximately 18 organizations globally, including American Corporate Partners in the U.S. that focuses on helping return veterans and active duty spouse to the work force and Cowrie Scholarship Foundation in the U.K. that aims to empower disadvantaged Black students through university financial assistance. By focusing on employee volunteerism in these areas, our employees have the opportunity to take action and make a difference. 
 We also seek to advance the interests of our stakeholders through DE I initiatives. For example, in June 2022, we launched the Spotlight Dealer Diversity Program, designed to promote diverse dealers participating on our platforms, including woman-, veteran-, disabled- and minority-owned firms. The Spotlight Program was developed collaboratively with feedback from members of the buy-side and dealer communities to support our diverse dealer community through a combination of individual dealer profiles, direct consultation and other promotional programs designed to bring more visibility to diverse dealers operating in electronic markets. In addition, we enhanced our RFQ trading workflow for U.S. Institutional Credit to more prominently expose diverse dealer liquidity to our participating buy-side clients, further strengthening engagement between diverse dealers and buy-side users on the platform. We continue to receive positive feedback from our clients and diverse dealers regarding the Spotlight Program, and grew our universe of participating Spotlight Dealers throughout 2022. 
 In addition, we seek to cement our commitment to diversity at the intern, college graduate and experienced hire levels by leveraging relationships with a number of external organizations. 
 These efforts all support our multi-layered strategy for recruiting and retaining diverse talent. 
 Health and Well-Being 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide an evolving package of benefits and perks to employees (which varies by country and region), aiming to ensure our employees have access to comprehensive care relating to their physical and mental health and their family planning needs, as well as adequate time out of office for personal, vacation, sick and bereavement leave needs. Some examples of the initiatives we provide in certain countries include post-birth parental and adoptive parent leave, financial assistance in connection with eligible fertility treatment, adoption and surrogacy expenses, health and wellness speaker series, health club discounts and subsidized memberships through Healthkick and virtual health visits. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been focused on keeping our employees safe, helping our staff and clients stay connected and ensuring our platforms operate efficiently. Throughout the pandemic, we implemented a series of measures to protect the health and safety of our employees. Starting in mid-2021, we, like many companies, began to transition our workforce back to the office. Our office re-entry policy set out guidance to protect employee safety and implement, at a minimum, the local regulations including, where applicable, masking mandates, vaccination status for in-person work, quarantine time, testing requirements, appropriate distancing measures and capacity limitations. Our Workplace Safety Committee is governed by the heads of Risk, Human Resources, Facilities, Operations, Technology and Marketing and meets in frequencies determined by the necessity and severity of the current conditions. We will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19, including any related variants, and will adjust our plans accordingly. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help attract and retain talent and to meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary by country or region) include annual bonuses, stock awards, retirement savings plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, flexible work schedules, employee assistance programs, including confidential counseling services for employees and their family members and tuition assistance, among many others. In addition to our broad-based equity award programs, we have used targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions to facilitate retention of key personnel, particularly those with strong product and functional knowledge, critical technology and engineering skills and experience. 
 Talent Development 
 We invest significant resources to develop and retain the talent needed to continue to build our position as a global leader in electronic marketplaces. We are focused on providing continuous opportunities for our employees to garner new knowledge and skills. Events and resources such as product and business updates, as well as other programs such as Lunch Learns and Tradeweb U(niversity), which provides education courses on financial topics, are aimed at sharing information and improving our collective understanding of our industry and our clients needs. We sponsor a competitive summer internship program, from which we often make full-time hires, and provide assistance with numerous professional courses and qualifications through our tuition reimbursement program. Through our mentoring efforts and Tradeweb Achievers Program, we aim to strengthen our global culture of mentoring and developing our homegrown talent by equipping our senior leadership team with the tools and framework to share their professional experiences, motivate up-and-coming talent and build our future leadership pipeline. 
 Our employee engagement programs provide employees with the resources they need to help develop themselves and our shared culture celebrating our differences and common purpose as our people grow both as unique individuals and as a collective, positive force in the world. Tradeweb has established and supports a number of committees and affinity groups dedicated to improving our people s lives at work and advancing their personal and professional development. These include the Tradeweb Global Women s Network, Diversity Equity Inclusion Network, Tradeweb Cares philanthropy group, Sustainability Action Network and the Working Parents Network. 
 Community Involvement and Philanthropy 
 We believe it is our responsibility to do our part to help the communities around the world where our employees live and work. We bring these opportunities to our employees through our philanthropy group, Tradeweb Cares, which focuses on corporate partnerships, encouraging employee volunteerism and matching of qualifying charitable contributions by our employees up to 1,000 per year per employee. We partner with many organizations around the world that are focused on the four pillars of our philanthropy strategy: ensuring equitable access to quality education and economic opportunity for all, supporting environmental conservation efforts to restore our planet, enriching and empowering social mobility in the communities where we live and work, and providing access to healthcare and disease prevention for our society s most vulnerable. 
 Corporate Sustainability Environmental, Social and Governance Matters 
 We are committed to doing our part to help financial markets move toward a more sustainable global financial system. In August 2022 we published our second annual Corporate Sustainability Report, which reports on our environmental, social and governance ESG goals and priorities as well as our progress towards those goals during calendar year 2021. While the reporting structure is relatively new, our strong foundation in ESG principles is not. We have long been committed to creating and fostering an inclusive workplace, celebrating our diverse employee base, providing transparency and innovation for our markets and ensuring transparency and validity for the data that propels them. Our long-term view encompasses ever more sustainable ways of working and investing as we forge the links between better serving markets and better serving the world. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The Environment 
 We are committed to understanding the full extent of our environmental impact and to working toward minimizing our global emissions footprint. We seek to better understand the environmental impact of our operations through measurable means, and to set attainable targets and timelines for environmental impact reporting, including the eventual setting of science-based targets for greenhouse gas emissions. While our business involves limited direct environmental risks, we will endeavor to make our operations and impact more sustainable over time. Our primary environmental goals are to reduce our overall energy consumption and emissions where possible, and to move toward renewable energy coverage, or direct sourcing of renewable energy for our Scope 2 energy usage. 
 In April 2021, we joined the Climate Bonds Initiative s CBI Partnership Programme. CBI is an international, investor-focused not-for-profit organization promoting investment in projects and assets necessary for a rapid transition to a low-carbon and climate-resilient economy. The Climate Bonds Standard and Certification Scheme (the Scheme is a labeling scheme for bonds, loans and other debt instruments. The Scheme s rigorous scientific criteria are intended to ensure consistency with the Paris Agreement s goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. The Scheme is used globally by bond issuers, governments, investors and the financial markets seeking to prioritize investments that genuinely contribute to addressing climate change. CBI has been tracking the green-labeled bond Green Bond market since 2009. By partnering with CBI, we aim to promote the visibility and accessibility of Green Bond trading activity across a wide range of asset classes, and leverage CBI data to provide transparency and clarity around the Green Bond trading volumes and trends on our platforms. In 2022, CBI-screened Green Bond trading accounted for 198.4 billion of the total 207.6 billion in global Green Bond trading volume executed on Tradeweb (excluding ETF). This represents a trading volume increase of 39 from 2021, calculated using CBI-screened Green Bond alignment based on the CBI definition of Green as of December 31, 2022 for both the 2022 and 2021 comparative period. We provide Green Bond highlights across our institutional platform, including Global Credit, European Government Bonds, Supranationals, Repurchase Agreements, China Bonds, and Convertibles, and have Green Bond search tools across asset classes on our Retail platform. We plan to continually increase the data available to our clients around Green Bonds, and intend to expand this data set to include other ESG - related securities. 
 Our People and Communities 
 We value and encourage diverse perspectives, and strive to cultivate a team with varied and robust ideas. We aim to give everyone the access and ability to grow as an individual and, eventually, a leader. For more information on how we support our people and help foster a diverse workforce, please see Human Capital above. 
 Our Governance 
 We have invested in strong and well-established governance structures across our global enterprise, led by a diverse Board of Directors that is deeply experienced in our business and highly focused on advancing our ESG strategies across the company. As part of that commitment, during 2020, we established an ESG Steering Committee comprised of senior level executives covering major business directives across the company. The ESG Steering Committee is an advisory board assembled to guide our focus, and ensure delivery on our thoughtful approach to integrating our ESG strategy into our business and operations. To support the implementation of our ESG strategy, a dedicated role was also established in December 2020 to organize and manage our global Corporate Social Responsibility and ESG initiatives, as the first member of our ESG team. This role reports directly into our senior executive leadership team, which provides critical support for the integration of these initiatives across our business. In 2021, our ESG team was expanded to dedicate additional resources to support the project implementation of our sustainability efforts. We have designated two members of the Board to act as ESG Board Liaisons to oversee our ESG strategy and priorities. 
 Our Organizational Structure 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in November 2018. As a result of the Reorganization Transactions completed in connection with the IPO, Tradeweb Markets Inc. became a holding company whose only material assets consist of its equity interest in Tradeweb Markets LLC and related deferred tax assets. As the sole manager of Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb Markets Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Tradeweb Markets LLC and, through Tradeweb Markets LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts its business. As a result of this control, and because Tradeweb Markets Inc. has a substantial financial interest in Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb Markets Inc. consolidates the financial results of Tradeweb Markets LLC and its subsidiaries. For more information regarding our organizational structure, see Note 1 Organization and Note 11 Stockholders Equity to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 LSEG Transaction 
 On January 29, 2021, LSEG completed its acquisition of the Refinitiv business from a consortium, including certain investment funds affiliated with Blackstone as well as Thomson Reuters, in an all share transaction. 
 Following the consummation of the LSEG Transaction, LSEG is the controlling shareholder of Refinitiv and Refinitiv continues to be the controlling shareholder of Tradeweb, holding approximately 91.2 of our combined voting power as of December 31, 2022. Tradeweb remains a standalone, publicly-traded company, and the LSEG Transaction did not result in any changes to our stockholder voting rights, and we have not experienced and do not foresee any material impact on our strategy, day-to-day operations or Tradeweb management as a result of the LSEG Transaction. Our existing market data license agreement with Refinitiv remains unchanged. However, the non-compete period applicable to Refinitiv in their restrictive covenant agreement with us was terminated as of January 29, 2021. 
 Available Information 
 Our internet website address is www.tradeweb.com. Through our internet website, we will make available, free of charge, the following reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing them with, or furnishing them to, the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our Current Reports on Form 8-K; and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Our Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings are also available through our internet website. In addition, the SEC maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that includes filings of and information about issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. Our internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and operational information using our investor relations website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Information about Tradeweb, our business and our results of operations may also be announced by posts on Tradeweb s accounts on the following social media channels: Instagram, LinkedIn and Twitter. The information that we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. As a result, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in Tradeweb to monitor these social media channels in addition to following our investor relations website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. These social media channels may be updated from time to time on our investor relations website. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Class A common stock speculative or risky. 
 Risks Relating to Market and Industry Dynamics and Competition 
 Economic, political and market conditions may reduce trading volumes. 
 We may fail to compete successfully. 
 If we are unable to adapt our business effectively to keep pace with industry changes, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 We may face consolidation and concentration in the financial services industry. 
 Risks Relating to the Operation and Performance of our Business 
 We are dependent on our dealer clients to support our marketplaces by transacting with our other institutional, wholesale and retail clients. 
 We do not have long-term contractual arrangements with most of our liquidity taking clients. 
 Our business could be harmed if we are unable to maintain and grow the capacity of our trading platforms, systems and infrastructure. 
 We may experience design defects, errors, failures or delays with our platforms or solutions. 
 We rely on third parties to perform certain key functions, are dependent on third parties for our pre- and post-trade data, analytics and reporting solutions and are dependent upon trading counterparties and clearinghouses to perform their obligations. 
 Our ability to conduct our business may be impacted by unforeseen, catastrophic or uncontrollable events. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly. 
 Failure to retain our senior management team or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could materially adversely impact our ability to operate or grow our business. 
 We could face damage to our reputation or brand. 
 We may incur impairment charges for our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 We may be unable to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals. 
 Risks Relating to our Growth Strategies and other Strategic Opportunities 
 We may fail to maintain our current level of business or execute our growth plan. 
 It is possible that our entry into new markets will not be successful, and potential new markets may not develop quickly or at all. 
 We may undertake acquisitions or divestitures, which may not be successful. 
 If we enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures, we may not realize the anticipated strategic goals for any such transactions. 
 Risks Relating to our International Operations 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with our international operations. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Risks Relating to Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property 
 We could face actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems, networks and infrastructure, breaches of security controls, unauthorized access to confidential or personal information or cyber-attacks. 
 We could be subject to systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events and resulting interruptions in the availability of our platforms or solutions. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or rely on third-party intellectual property rights. 
 Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights. 
 Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platforms and solutions. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Considerations 
 Extensive regulation of our industry results in ongoing exposure to significant costs and penalties, enhanced oversight and restrictions and limitations on our business. 
 Our business, and the businesses of many of our clients, could be materially adversely affected by new laws, rules or regulations or changes in existing laws, rules or regulations. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, rules, regulations and obligations could harm our business. 
 We may face new U.S. tax legislation as well as unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns. 
 Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective. 
 We are exposed to litigation risk, including securities litigation risk. 
 Risks Relating to our Indebtedness 
 The credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility imposes significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our restricted subsidiaries. 
 Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will subject us to interest rate risk. 
 The phase-out, replacement or unavailability of LIBOR and/or other interest rate benchmarks could adversely affect our indebtedness. 
 Risks Relating to our Organizational Structure and Governance 
 Refinitiv controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders. 
 Our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC, and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from TWM LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement with the Continuing LLC Owners requires us to make cash payments to them in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing LLC Owners that will not benefit Class A common stockholders or Class B common stockholders to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing LLC Owners. 
 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the Continuing LLC Owners may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock 
 Refinitiv and Continuing LLC Owners may require us to issue additional shares of our Class A common stock. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be highly volatile. 
 Sales, or the potential for sales, of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to drop significantly. 
 If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our Class A common stock, our stock price and stock trading volume could materially decline. 
 We intend to continue to pay regular dividends, but our ability to do so may be limited. 
 The timing and amount of any share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, increase our costs and divert management s attention, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Market and Industry Dynamics and Competition 
 Economic, political and market conditions may reduce trading volumes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The electronic financial services industry is, by its nature, risky and volatile. Our business performance is impacted by a number of global and regional factors that are generally beyond our control. The occurrence of, or uncertainty related to, any one of the following factors may cause a substantial decline in the U.S. and/or global financial markets, which could result in reduced trading volumes and profitability for our business: 
 economic, political and social conditions in the United States, the UK, the EU and/or its member states, China or other major economies around the world, including, among other things, the strength and direction of the U.S. and global economy and the ongoing effects of COVID-19 and its variants; 
 the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations (see Risks Relating to our International Operations -- Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results for further information); 
 the effect of Federal Reserve Board and other central banks monetary policy, increased capital requirements for banks and other financial institutions and other regulatory requirements; 
 adverse market conditions, including unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading; 
 broad trends in business and finance, including the number of new issuances and changes in investment patterns and priorities; 
 concerns over a potential recession (in the United States or globally), inflation and weakening consumer and investor confidence levels; 
 the level and volatility of interest rates, including actual and anticipated increases in the federal funds rate by the Federal Reserve; 
 consolidation or contraction in the number, and changes in the financial strength, of market participants; 
 the availability of capital for borrowings and investments by our clients; 
 liquidity concerns, including concerns over credit default or bankruptcy of one or more sovereign nations or corporate entities; 
 legislative, regulatory or government policy changes, including changes to financial industry regulations and tax laws, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA and central clearing requirements for the U.S. Treasury market, that could limit the ability of market participants to engage in a wider array of trading activities or make certain corporate activities less desirable or more expensive; 
 actual or threatened trade war, including between the United States and China, or other governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements or trade policies; and 
 the current or anticipated impact of climate change, extreme weather events, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, actual or threatened acts of war, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, terrorism or other armed hostilities or outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases. 
 These factors also affect the degree of volatility (the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations) in the U.S. and global financial markets, including in the prices and trading volumes of the products traded on our platforms. Volatility increases the need to hedge price risk and creates opportunities for investment and speculative or arbitrage trading, and thus increases trading volumes. Although we generally experience increased trading volumes across our marketplaces during periods of volatility, use of our platforms and demand for our solutions may decline during periods of significant volatility as market participants in rapidly moving markets may seek to negotiate trades and access information directly over the telephone instead of electronically. 
 In the event of stagnant or deteriorating economic conditions or periods of instability or prolonged stability or decreased activity in the U.S. and/or global financial markets, we could experience lower trading volumes. A general decline in trading volumes across our marketplaces would lower revenues and could materially adversely affect our results of operations if we are unable to offset falling volumes through changes in our fee structure. If trading volumes decline substantially or for a sustained period, the critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable markets and generate valuable data could be jeopardized, which, in turn, could further discourage clients from using our platforms and solutions and further accelerate the decline in trading volumes. Additionally, if our total market share decreases relative to our competitors, our trading venues may be viewed as less attractive sources of liquidity. If our marketplaces are perceived to be less liquid, we could lose further trading volumes and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 There have been significant declines in trading volumes in the financial markets generally in the past and there may be similar declines in trading volumes generally or across our marketplaces in particular in the future. During periods of lower trading volumes or during an economic downturn, our clients may become more price sensitive and exert pricing pressure on us, and we may be forced to reduce our fees or to maintain our fees during periods of increased costs. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if use of our platforms and demand for our solutions decline for any reason or if we are forced to reduce fees, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure to counteract the associated decline in revenues, which would materially harm our profitability. 
 Failure to compete successfully could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face intense competition in both the financial services industry generally and the markets that we serve in particular, and we expect competition with a broad range of competitors to continue to intensify in the future. Within the electronic financial services industry in which we operate, we compete based on our ability to provide a broad range of solutions, trading venues with a broad network of market participants and deep liquidity, a competitive fee structure and comprehensive pre-trade, trade and post-trade functionality, as well as the reliability, security and ease of use of our platforms and solutions. 
 We primarily compete with other electronic trading platforms and trading business conducted directly between dealers and their institutional, wholesale and retail client counterparties over telephone, email or instant messaging. We also compete with securities and futures exchanges, other inter-dealer brokers and single bank systems. For example, our trading platforms face existing and potential competition from large exchanges, which have in recent years developed electronic capabilities in-house or through acquisitions. We also face competition from individual banks that offer their own electronic platforms to their institutional clients. In addition, we may face competition from companies with strong market share in specific markets or organizations and businesses that have not traditionally competed with us but that could adapt their products and services or utilize significant financial and information resources, recognized brands, or technological expertise to begin competing with us. We expect that we may compete in the future with a variety of companies with respect to our platforms and solutions. If we are not able to compete successfully in the future, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Certain of our current and prospective competitors are substantially larger than we are and have substantially greater market presence than we do, as well as greater financial, technological, marketing and other resources. These competitors may be better able to withstand reductions in fees or other adverse economic or market conditions than we can. Some competitors may be able to adopt new or emerging technologies, or incorporate customized features or functions into existing technologies, to address changing market conditions or client preferences at a relatively low cost and/or more quickly than we can. In addition, because we operate in a rapidly evolving industry, start-up companies can enter the market with new and emerging technologies more easily and quickly than they would in more traditional industries. If we are unable or unwilling to reduce our fees or make additional investments in the future, we may lose clients and our competitive position may be adversely affected. In addition, our competitive position may be adversely affected by changes in regulations that have a disproportionately negative affect on us or the products or trading protocols we offer our clients. 
 Competition in the markets in which we operate has intensified due to consolidation, which has resulted in increasingly large and sophisticated competitors. In recent years, our competitors have made acquisitions and/or entered into joint ventures and consortia to improve the competitiveness of their electronic trading offerings. For example, ICE acquired BondPoint, TMC Bonds and IDC, in an effort to expand its portfolio of fixed income products and services. In addition, in 2018, CME Group completed its acquisition of NEX Group, which expands CME Group s offerings to include NEX Group s OTC foreign exchange and rates products and market data. Further, in 2022, TP ICAP completed its acquisition of Liquidnet to further diversify its business. If, as a result of industry consolidation, our competitors are able to offer lower cost (including fixed cost fees compared to our variable fees for certain offerings) and/or a wider range of trading venues and solutions, obtain more favorable terms from third-party providers or otherwise take actions that could increase their market share, our competitive position and therefore our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our operations also include the sale of pre- and post-trade services, analytics and market data (including through a distribution agreement with Refinitiv). There is a high degree of competition among market data and information vendors in solutions for pre- and post-trade data, analytics and reporting, and such businesses may become more competitive in the future as new competitors emerge. Some of these companies are already in or may enter the electronic trading business. Accordingly, some of our competitors may be able to combine use of their electronic trading platforms with complementary access to market data and analytical tools and/or leverage relationships with existing clients to obtain additional business from such clients, which could preempt use of our platforms or solutions. For example, Bloomberg and ICE have trading platforms that compete with ours and also have data and analytics relationships with the vast majority of institutional, wholesale and retail market participants. If we are not able to compete successfully in this area in the future, our revenues could be adversely impacted and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The industry in which we operate is rapidly evolving. If we are unable to adapt our business effectively to keep pace with industry changes, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The electronic financial services industry is characterized by rapidly changing and increasingly complex technologies and systems, changing and increasingly sophisticated client demands (including access to new technologies and markets), frequent technology and service introductions, evolving industry standards, changing regulatory requirements and new business models. If we are not able to keep pace with changing market conditions or client demands or if our competitors release new technology before we do, our existing platforms, solutions and technologies may become obsolete or our competitive position may be materially harmed, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operating in a rapidly evolving industry involves a high degree of risk and our future success will depend in part on our ability to: 
 enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality, accessibility and reliability of our existing platforms and solutions; 
 develop, license or acquire new platforms, solutions and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our existing and prospective clients, and that allow us to grow within our existing markets and to expand into new markets, asset classes and products; 
 achieve and maintain market acceptance for our platforms and solutions; 
 adapt our existing platforms and solutions for new markets, asset classes and products; 
 respond to competitive pressures, technological advances, including new or disruptive technology, emerging industry standards and practices and regulatory requirements and changes on a cost-effective and timely basis; 
 attract highly-skilled technology, regulatory, sales and marketing personnel; 
 operate, support, expand, adapt and develop our operations, systems, networks and infrastructure; 
 manage cybersecurity threats; 
 take advantage of acquisitions, strategic alliances and other opportunities; and 
 obtain any applicable regulatory approval for our platforms and solutions. 
 Further, the development of new internet, networking, telecommunications or blockchain technologies may require us to devote substantial resources to modify and adapt our marketplaces. In particular, because our platforms and solutions are designed to operate on a variety of electronic systems, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our marketplaces to keep pace with changes in internet-related hardware and other software, communication and browser technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully adapt our existing technologies and systems to incorporate new, or changes to existing, technologies. 
 The success of new platforms or solutions, or new features and versions of existing platforms and solutions, depends on several factors, including the timely and cost-effective completion, introduction and market acceptance of such new or enhanced platform or solution. Development efforts entail significant technical and business risks. We may use new technologies ineffectively, fail to adequately address regulatory requirements, experience design defects or errors or fail to accurately determine market demand for new platforms, solutions and enhancements. Furthermore, development efforts may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and we may experience cost overrun, delays in delivery or performance problems and not be successful in realizing a return on these development efforts in a timely manner or at all. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to anticipate or respond in a timely manner to changing market conditions, and new platforms, technologies or solutions, or enhancements to existing platforms, technologies or solutions, may not meet regulatory requirements, address client needs or achieve market acceptance. If we are not able to successfully develop and implement, or face material delays in introducing, new platforms, solutions and enhancements, our clients may forego the use of our platforms and solutions and instead use those of our competitors. Any failure to remain abreast of changing market conditions and to be responsive to market preferences could cause our market share to decline and materially adversely impact our revenues. 
 Consolidation and concentration in the financial services industry could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There has been significant consolidation in the financial services industry over the past several years and several of our large broker-dealer clients have reduced their sales and trading businesses in certain products. Further consolidation in the financial services industry could result in a smaller client base and heightened competition, which may lower our trading volumes. If our clients merge with or are acquired by other companies that are not our clients, or companies that utilize our offerings to a lesser degree, such clients may discontinue or reduce their use of our platforms and solutions. Any such developments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The substantial consolidation of market share among companies in the financial services industry has resulted in concentration in markets by some of our largest dealer clients. Because our trading platforms depend on these clients, any event that impacts one or more of these clients or the financial services industry in general could negatively impact our trading volumes and revenues. In addition, some of our dealer clients have announced plans to reduce their sales and trading businesses in the markets in which we operate. This is in addition to the significant reductions in these businesses already completed by certain of our dealer clients. 
 The consolidation and concentration of market share and the reduction by large clients of certain businesses may lead to increased revenue concentration among our dealer clients, which may further increase our dependency on such clients and reduce our ability to negotiate pricing and other matters with such clients. Additionally, the sales and trading global market share has become increasingly concentrated over the past several years among the top investment banks, which will increase competition for client trades and place additional pricing pressure on us. If we are not able to compete successfully, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to the Operation and Performance of our Business 
 We are dependent on our dealer clients to support our marketplaces by transacting with our other institutional, wholesale and retail clients. 
 We rely on our dealer clients to provide liquidity on our trading platforms by posting prices on our platforms and responding to client inquiries, and certain of our dealer clients account for a significant portion of our total trading volume on our platforms. In addition, our dealer clients also provide us with data via feeds and through the transactions they execute on our trading platforms, which is an important input for our data and analytics offerings. We have historically earned a substantial portion of our revenues from dealer clients that were also stockholders. Market knowledge and feedback from dealer clients have been important factors in the development of many of our offerings and solutions. 
 There are inherent risks whenever a significant percentage of our trading volume and revenues are concentrated with a limited number of clients, and these risks are especially heightened for us due to the potential effects of increased industry consolidation and financial regulation on our business. The contractual obligations of our clients to us are non-exclusive and subject to termination rights by such clients. Any failure by us to meet a key dealer client s or other key client s expectations could result in cancellation or non-renewal of the contract. In addition, our reliance on any individual dealer client for a significant portion of our trading volume may also give that client a degree of leverage against us when negotiating contracts and terms of services with us. 
 Our dealer clients also buy and sell through traditional methods, including by telephone, e-mail and instant messaging, and through other trading platforms. Some of our dealer clients have developed electronic trading networks that compete with us or have announced their intention to explore the development of such electronic trading networks, and many of our dealer clients are involved in other ventures, including other trading platforms or other distribution channels, as trading participants and/or as investors. In particular, certain of our dealer clients have their own competing trading platform and frequently invest in such businesses and may acquire ownership interests in similar businesses, and such businesses may also compete with us. These competing trading platforms may offer some features that we do not currently offer or that we are unable to offer, including customized features or functions. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such dealer clients primary commitments will not be to one of our competitors or that they will not continue to rely on their own trading platforms or traditional methods instead of using our trading platforms. 
 Although we have established and maintain significant long-term relationships with our key dealer clients, we cannot assure you that all of these relationships will continue or will not diminish. Any reduction in the use of our trading platforms by our key dealer clients, for any reason, and any associated decrease in the pool of capital and liquidity accessible across our marketplaces, could reduce the volume of trading on our platforms, which could, in turn, reduce the use of our platforms by their counterparty clients. In addition, any decrease in the number of dealer clients competing for trades on our trading platforms, could cause our dealer clients to forego use of our platforms and instead use platforms that provide access to more competitive trading environments and prices. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We do not have long-term contractual arrangements with most of our liquidity taking clients, and our trading volumes and revenues could be reduced if these clients stop using our platforms and solutions. 
 Our business largely depends on certain of our liquidity taking clients to initiate inquiries on our trading platforms. A limited number of such clients can account for a significant portion of our trading volumes, which in turn, results in a significant portion of our transaction fees. Most of our liquidity taking clients do not have long-term contractual arrangements with us and utilize our platforms and solutions on a transaction-by-transaction basis and may choose not to use our platforms at any time. These clients buy and sell a variety of products within various asset classes using traditional methods, including by telephone, e-mail and instant messaging, and through other trading platforms. Any significant loss of these clients or a significant reduction in their use of our platforms and solutions could have a material negative impact on our trading volumes and revenues, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business could be harmed if we are unable to maintain and grow the capacity of our trading platforms, systems and infrastructure. 
 We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems and applications to support key product and service offerings. Our success depends on our clients confidence in our ability to provide reliable, secure, real-time access to our trading platforms. If our trading platforms cannot cope, or expand to cope, with demand, or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience disruptions in service, slow delivery times and insufficient capacity. Any material disruptions in our trading platforms could result in our clients deciding to stop using or to reduce their use of our trading platforms, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We will need to continually improve and upgrade our trading platforms, systems and infrastructure to accommodate increases in trading volumes, changes in trading practices of new and existing clients or irregular or heavy use of our trading platforms, especially during peak trading times or at times of increased market volatility. The maintenance and expansion of our trading platforms, systems and infrastructure has required, and will continue to require, substantial financial, operational and technical resources. As our operations grow in both size and scope, these resources will typically need to be committed well in advance of any potential increase in trading volumes. We cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volumes will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volumes without failure or degradation of performance, especially during periods of abnormally high volumes. If we do not successfully adapt our existing trading platforms, systems and infrastructure to the requirements of our clients or to emerging industry standards, or if our trading platforms otherwise fail to accommodate trading volumes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we experience design defects, errors, failures or delays with our platforms or solutions, our business could suffer serious harm. 
 Despite testing, our platforms and solutions may contain design defects and errors or fail when first introduced or when major new updates or enhancements are released. In our development of new platforms, platform features and solutions or updates and enhancements to our existing platforms and solutions, we may make a design error that causes the platform or solution to fail or operate incorrectly or less effectively than planned. Many of our solutions also rely on data and services provided by third-party providers over which we have no or limited control and may be provided to us with defects, errors or failures. Our clients may also use our platforms and solutions together with their own software, data or products from other companies. As a result, when problems occur, it might be difficult to identify the source of the problem and responsibility for any loss. In addition, we could experience delays while developing and introducing new or enhanced platforms, platform features and solutions, primarily due to difficulties in technology development, obtaining any applicable regulatory approval, licensing data inputs or adapting to new operating environments. 
 If design defects, errors or failures are discovered in our current or future platforms or solutions, we may not be able to correct or work around them in a cost-effective or timely manner, or at all. The existence of design defects, errors, failures or delays that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could also result in rejection or delay in market acceptance of our platforms or solutions, damage to our reputation, loss of clients and related revenues, diversion of resources, product liability claims, regulatory actions or increases in costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third parties to perform certain key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could result in the interruption of our operations and systems and could result in significant costs and reputational damage to us. 
 We rely on a number of third parties to supply, support and maintain critical elements of our operations, including our trading platforms, information technology and other systems. In addition, we depend on third parties, such as telephone companies, online service providers, hosting services and software and hardware vendors, for various computer and communications systems, such as our data centers, telecommunications access lines and certain computer software and hardware. Our clients also depend on third-party middleware and clearinghouses for clearing and settlement of certain trades on our trading platforms, which could impact our trading platforms. 
 We cannot assure you that any of these third-party providers will be able or willing to continue to provide these products and services in an efficient, cost-effective or timely manner, or at all, or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. In particular, like us, third-party providers are vulnerable to operational and technological disruptions, and we may have limited remedies against these third parties in the event of product or service disruptions. In addition, we have little control over and limited recourse to third-party providers, which increases our vulnerability to errors, failures, interruptions or disruptions or problems with their products or services. Further, the priorities and objectives of third-party providers may differ from ours, which may make us vulnerable to terminations of, or adverse changes to, our arrangements with such providers, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain good relationships or the same terms with such providers. If an existing third-party provider is unable or unwilling to provide a critical product or service, and we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the supply of such product or service on commercially reasonable terms or a timely basis, or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Further, we also face risks that providers may perform work that deviates from our standards or contracts. Moreover, our existing third-party arrangements may bind us for a period of time to terms that become uncompetitive or technology and systems that become obsolete. If we do not obtain the expected benefits from our relationships with third-party providers, we may be less competitive, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the future, if we choose to transition a function previously managed by us to a third party, we may spend significant financial and operational resources and experience delays in completing such transition, and may never realize any of the anticipated benefits of such transition. 
 We are dependent on third-party providers and our clients for our pre- and post-trade data, analytics and reporting solutions. 
 The success of our trading platforms depends in part on our pre- and post-trade data, analytics and reporting solutions. We depend upon data and information services from external sources, including data received from certain competitors, clients, self-regulatory organizations and other third-party data providers for information used on our platforms and by our solutions, including our data, analytical tools and other pre- and post-trade services. In particular, we depend on Refinitiv to source certain reference data for products that trade on our platforms. Our data sources and information providers, some of which are our competitors, could increase the price for or withdraw their data or information services for a variety of reasons. For example, data sources or information providers may enter into exclusive contracts with other third parties, including our competitors, which could preclude us from receiving certain data or information services from these providers or restrict our use of such data or information services, which may give our competitors an advantage. In addition, our clients, the majority of which are not subject to long-term contractual arrangements, may stop using or reduce their use of our trading platforms at any time, which would decrease our volume of trade data and may diminish the competitiveness of our market data offerings. 
 If a substantial number of our key data sources and information providers withdraw or are unable to provide us with their data or information services, or if a substantial number of clients no longer trade on our platforms or use our solutions, and we are unable to suitably replace such data sources or information services, or if the collection of data or information becomes uneconomical, our ability to offer our pre- and post-trade data, analytics tools and reporting solutions could be adversely impacted. If any of these factors negatively impact our ability to provide these data-based solutions to our clients, our competitive position could be materially harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, pursuant to a market data license agreement, Refinitiv currently distributes a significant portion of our market data. The cancellation of, or any adverse change to, our arrangement with Refinitiv or the inability of Refinitiv to effectively distribute our data may materially harm our business and competitive position. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We are dependent upon trading counterparties and clearinghouses to perform their obligations. 
 Our business consists of providing consistent two-sided liquidity to market participants across numerous geographies, asset classes and products. In addition, in the normal course of our business we, as an agent, execute transactions with, and on behalf of, other brokers and dealers. See Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Credit Risk. In the event of a systemic market event resulting from large price movements or otherwise, certain market participants may not be able to meet their obligations to their trading counterparties, who, in turn, may not be able to meet their obligations to their other trading counterparties, which could lead to major defaults by one or more market participants. Many trades in the securities markets, and an increasing number of trades in the over-the-counter derivatives markets, are cleared through central counterparties. These central counterparties assume and specialize in managing counterparty performance risk relating to such trades. However, even when trades are cleared in this manner, there can be no assurance that a clearinghouse s risk management methodology will be adequate to manage one or more defaults. Given the counterparty performance risk that is concentrated in central clearing parties, any failure by a clearinghouse to properly manage a default could lead to a systemic market failure. If trading counterparties do not meet their obligations, including to us, or if any central clearing parties fail to properly manage defaults by market participants, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our ability to conduct our business may be materially adversely impacted by unforeseen, catastrophic or uncontrollable events. In addition, our U.S. and European operations are heavily concentrated in particular areas and may be adversely affected by events in those areas. 
 We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen, catastrophic or uncontrollable events, including fire, natural disasters, extreme weather events, global health crises (including COVID-19 and its variants), power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, theft, cyber-attacks, acts of war, terrorist attacks or other armed hostilities. In addition, employee misconduct, fraud or error, such as improperly using confidential information or engaging in improper or unauthorized activities or transactions, could expose us to significant liability, losses, regulatory sanctions and reputational harm. These unforeseen, catastrophic or uncontrollable events could adversely affect our clients levels of business activity and precipitate sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. Certain of these events also pose significant risks to our employees and our physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our third-party providers or clients. If our systems, networks or infrastructure were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of an unforeseen, catastrophic or uncontrollable event, our business functions could be interrupted, our ability to make our platforms and solutions available to our clients could be impaired and, as a result, we could lose critical data and revenues. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after an unforeseen, catastrophic or uncontrollable event, and successfully execute on those plans should such an event occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially harmed. 
 In addition, our U.S. operations are heavily concentrated in the New York metro area and our European operations are heavily concentrated in London, United Kingdom. Any event that affects either of those geographic areas could affect our ability to operate our business. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 
 Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly in the future, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors and, as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuations in quarterly results may negatively impact the price at which our Class A common stock trades. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly financial results include, but are not limited to: 
 fluctuations in overall trading volumes or our market share for our key products; 
 the addition or loss of clients; 
 the unpredictability of the financial services industry; 
 our ability to drive an increase in the use of our trading platforms by new and existing clients; 
 the mix of products and volumes traded, changes in fee plans and average variable fees per million; 
 the amount and timing of expenses, including those related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 
 network or service outages, internet disruptions, the availability of our platforms, security breaches or perceived security breaches; 
 general economic, political, social, industry and market conditions; 
 changes in our business strategies and pricing policies (or those of our competitors); 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 the timing and success of our entry into new markets or introductions of new or enhanced platforms or solutions by us or our competitors, including disruptive technology, or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation or new entrants among competitors, market participants or strategic alliances; 
 the timing and success of any acquisitions, divestitures or strategic alliances; 
 the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition of platforms, solutions, technologies or businesses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired companies; 
 new, or changes to existing, regulations that limit or affect our platforms, solutions and technologies or which increase our regulatory compliance costs; and 
 the timing and magnitude of any adjustments in our consolidated financial statements driven by changes in the liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Failure to retain our senior management team or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could materially adversely impact our ability to operate or grow our business. 
 The success of our business depends upon the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. Although we have invested in succession planning, the loss of key members of our senior management team or other key personnel could nevertheless have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Should we lose the services of a member of our senior management team or other key personnel, we may have to conduct a search for a qualified replacement. This search may be prolonged, and we may not be able to locate and hire a qualified replacement. 
 Our business also depends on our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain a large number of highly qualified personnel in order to support our clients and achieve business results. There is a limited pool of employees who have the requisite skills, training and education. Identifying, recruiting, training, integrating and retaining qualified personnel requires significant time, expense and attention, and the market for qualified personnel, particularly those with experience in technology, clearing and settlement, product management and regulatory compliance, has become increasingly competitive as an increasing number of companies seek to enhance their positions in the markets we serve. In particular, we compete for technology personnel with highly innovative technology companies and large companies focused on technology development both in and outside our traditional geographic markets. Many of these companies have significant financial resources and more recognizable brands than ours and may be able to offer more attractive employment opportunities and more lucrative compensation packages. Our inability to attract, retain and motivate personnel with the requisite skills could impair our ability to develop new platforms, platform features or solutions, enhance our existing platforms and solutions, grow our client base, enter into new markets, operate under various regulatory frameworks or manage our business effectively. 
 Damage to our reputation or brand could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our reputation and the quality of our brand are critical to our business, and we must protect and grow the value of our brand in order for us to continue to be successful. Any incident that erodes client loyalty for our brand could significantly reduce its value and damage our business. We may be adversely affected by any negative publicity, regardless of its accuracy, including with respect to, among other things, the quality and reliability of our platforms and solutions, the accuracy of our market data, our ability to maintain the security of our data and systems, networks and infrastructure and any impropriety, misconduct or fraudulent activity by any person formerly or currently associated with us. 
 Also, there has been a marked increase in the use of blogs, social media platforms and other forms of Internet-based communications that provide individuals with access to a broad audience of interested persons. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information may be posted on such sites and platforms at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, each of which may harm our business and reputation. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 
 Ultimately, the risks associated with any negative publicity or actual, alleged or perceived issues regarding our business or any person formerly or currently associated with us cannot be completely eliminated or mitigated and may materially harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 We may incur impairment charges for our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets which would negatively impact our operating results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 2.8 billion and indefinite-lived intangible assets of 0.3 billion. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of an acquired business in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets represents the fair value of licenses and trade names as of the acquisition date. Determining the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and requires management to use significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates and asset lives. We do not amortize goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that we expect to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows, but instead we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment could exist. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the acquired assets, divestitures and market capitalization declines may impair our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. Any charges relating to such impairments could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to achieve our environmental, social and governance ESG goals. 
 We have established ESG goals for our business. These goals reflect our current plans and aspirations and we may not be able to achieve them. Our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities. 
 Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include our ability to accurately track Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions, the evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures and our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our workforce. 
 Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC and European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If our ESG practices and goals do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation or our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquirer, service provider or employer could be negatively impacted. 
 Risks Relating to our Growth Strategies and other Strategic Opportunities 
 If we fail to maintain our current level of business or execute our growth plan, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially harmed. 
 We have experienced significant growth in our operations over the years, including, in part, as a result of favorable industry and market trends, such as the increased electronification of markets, growing global markets and evolving regulatory requirements. However, we cannot assure you that our operations will continue to grow at a similar rate, if at all, or that we will continue to benefit from such favorable industry and market trends. In particular, we cannot assure you that the growth of electronic means of trading will continue at the levels expected or at all. Our future financial performance depends in large part on our ability to successfully execute our growth plan. To effectively manage the expected growth of our operations, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management processes and systems. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The success of our growth plan depends, in part, on our ability to implement our business strategies. In particular, our growth depends on our ability to maintain and expand our network by attracting new clients, increasing the use of our platforms and solutions by existing clients and by integrating them across geographies and a wide range of asset classes, products, trade types and trade sizes within our marketplaces. Our growth also depends on, among other things, our ability to increase our market share, add new products, enhance our existing platforms and solutions, develop new offerings that address client demand and market trends and stay abreast of changing market conditions and regulatory requirements. Our growth may also be dependent on our ability to further diversify our revenue base. As of December 31, 2022, we derived approximately 51 of our revenue from our Rates asset class. Our long-term growth plan includes expanding the number of products we offer across asset classes, by investing in our development efforts and increasing our revenues by growing our market share in our existing markets and entering into new markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully execute our growth plan or implement our business strategies within our expected timing or at all or be able to maintain or improve our current level of business, and we may decide to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our growth plan at any time. 
 Execution of our growth plan entails significant risks and may be impacted by factors outside of our control, including competition, general economic, political and market conditions and industry, legal and regulatory changes. Failure to manage our growth effectively could result in our costs increasing at a faster rate than our revenues and distracting management from our core business and operations. For example, we may incur substantial development, sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort to create a new platform, platform feature or solution, and the period before such platform, platform feature or solution is successfully developed, introduced and/or adopted may extend over many months or years, if ever. Even after incurring these costs, such platform, platform feature or solution may not achieve market acceptance. 
 It is possible that our entry into new markets will not be successful, and potential new markets may not develop quickly or at all. 
 Our long-term growth plan includes expanding our operations by entering into new markets, including new asset classes, products and geographies, including markets where we have little or no operating experience. We may have difficulties identifying and entering into new markets due to established competitors, lack of recognition of our brand and lack of acceptance of our platforms and solutions, as has occurred with certain of our initiatives in the past. 
 Expansion, particularly in new geographic markets, may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time. In particular, we may need to make additional investments in management and new personnel, infrastructure and compliance systems. Furthermore, our expansion efforts may divert management s attention or inefficiently utilize our resources. If we are not able to manage our expansion effectively, our expansion costs could increase at a faster rate than our revenues from these new markets. If we cannot successfully implement the necessary processes to support and manage our expansion, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully adapt our platforms, solutions and technologies for use in any new markets. Even if we do adapt our products, services and technologies, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract clients to our platforms and solutions and compete successfully in any such new markets. 
 These and other factors have led us to scale back our expansion efforts into new markets in the past, and there can be no assurance that we will not experience similar difficulties in the future. For example, although we have since re-entered the Asian market, following the 2008 financial crisis, we did not continue to actively invest in our operations in Asia, following our entry into that market in 2004. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain or grow our operations abroad. 
 It is possible that our entry into new markets will not be successful, and potential new markets may not develop quickly or at all. If these efforts are not successful, we may realize less than expected earnings, which in turn could result in a material decrease in the market value of our Class A common stock. 
 We may undertake acquisitions or divestitures, which may not be successful, and which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we consider acquisitions, which may not be completed or, if completed, may not be ultimately beneficial to us. We have made several acquisitions in the past, including the purchase of the Hilliard Farber Co. business in 2008, the Rafferty Capital Markets business in 2011, BondDesk in 2013, CodeStreet in 2016 and Nasdaq s U.S. fixed income electronic trading platform in 2021. We also may consider potential divestitures of businesses from time to time. We routinely evaluate potential acquisition and divestiture candidates and engage in discussions and negotiations regarding potential acquisitions and divestitures on an ongoing basis; however, even if we execute a definitive agreement, there can be no assurance that we will consummate the transaction within the anticipated closing timeframe, or at all. Moreover, there is significant competition for acquisition and expansion opportunities in the electronic financial services industry. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including (i) failing to properly identify appropriate acquisition targets and to negotiate acceptable terms; (ii) incurring the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisition targets and negotiating potential transactions; (iii) diverting management s attention from the operation of our existing business; (iv) using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, funding, liquidity, business, management and market risks with respect to the acquisition target or assets; (v) litigation relating to an acquisition, particularly in the context of a publicly held acquisition target, that could require us to incur significant expenses, result in or delay or enjoin the transaction; (vi) failing to properly identify an acquisition target s significant problems, liabilities or risks; (vii) not receiving required regulatory approvals on the terms expected or such approvals being delayed or restrictively conditional; and (viii) failing to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, in connection with any acquisitions, we must comply with various antitrust requirements, and it is possible that perceived or actual violations of these requirements could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement action or result in us not receiving the necessary approvals to complete a desired acquisition. 
 Furthermore, even if we complete an acquisition, the anticipated benefits from such acquisition may not be achieved unless the operations of the acquired business, platform or technology are integrated in an efficient, cost-effective and timely manner. The integration of any acquisition includes numerous risks, including an acquired business not performing to our expectations, our not integrating it appropriately and failing to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings as a result, and difficulties, inefficiencies or cost overruns in integrating and assimilating the organizational cultures, operations, technologies, data, products and services of the acquired business with ours. The integration of any acquisition will require substantial attention from management and operating personnel to ensure that the acquisition does not disrupt any existing operations, or affect our reputation or our clients opinions and perceptions of our platforms and solutions. We may spend time and resources on acquisitions that do not ultimately increase our profitability or that cause loss of, or harm to, relationships with key employees, clients, third-party providers or other business partners. 
 Divestitures also involve numerous risks, including: (i) failing to properly identify appropriate assets or businesses for divestiture and buyers; (ii) inability to negotiate favorable terms for the divestiture of such assets or businesses; (iii) incurring the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential divestitures and negotiating potential transactions; (iv) management s attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business, including to provide on-going services to the divested business; (v) encountering difficulties in the separation of operations, platforms, solutions or personnel; (vi) retaining future liabilities as a result of contractual indemnity obligations; and (vii) loss of, or damage to our relationships with, any of our key employees, clients, third-party providers or other business partners. 
 We cannot readily predict the timing or size of any future acquisition or divestiture, and there can be no assurance that we will realize any anticipated benefits from any such acquisition or divestiture. If we do not realize any such anticipated benefits, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures, we may not realize the anticipated strategic goals for any such transactions. 
 From time to time, we may enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures as a means to accelerate our entry into new markets, provide new solutions or enhance our existing capabilities. Entering into strategic alliances, partnerships and joint ventures entails risks, including: (i) difficulties in developing or expanding the business of newly formed alliances, partnerships and joint ventures; (ii) exercising influence over the activities of joint ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest; (iii) potential conflicts with or among our partners; (iv) the possibility that our partners could take action without our approval or prevent us from taking action; and (v) the possibility that our partners suffer reputational harm during the pendency of the partnership, become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations. 
 In addition, there may be a long negotiation period before we enter into a strategic alliance, partnership or joint venture or a long preparation period before we commence providing trading venues and solutions and/or begin earning revenues pursuant to such arrangement. We typically incur significant business development expenses, and management s attention may be diverted from the operation of our existing business, during the discussion and negotiation period with no guarantee of consummation of the proposed transaction. Even if we succeed in developing a strategic alliance, partnership or joint venture with a new partner, we may not be successful in maintaining the relationship. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, or that any strategic alliance, partnership or joint venture we have entered into or may enter into will be successful. In particular, these arrangements may not generate the expected number of new clients or increased trading volumes or revenues or other benefits we seek. Unsuccessful strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to our International Operations 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with our international operations. 
 We have operations in the United States, China, France, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, the UK and the Netherlands. We may further expand our international operations in the future. We have invested significant resources in our international operations and expect to continue to do so in the future. However, there are certain risks inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the financial services industry, which is heavily regulated in many jurisdictions. These risks include: 
 local economic, political and social conditions, including the possibility of economic slowdowns, hyperinflationary conditions, political instability, social unrest or outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19 and its variants; 
 differing legal and regulatory requirements, and the possibility that any required approvals may impose restrictions on the operation of our business; 
 changes in laws, government policies and regulations, or in how provisions are interpreted or administered and how we are supervised; 
 the inability to manage and coordinate the various legal and regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions that are constantly evolving and subject to change; 
 varying tax regimes, including with respect to imposition or increase of taxes on financial transactions or withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
 actual or threatened trade war, including between the United States and China, or other governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements or trade policies; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in currency policies or practices and restrictions on currency conversion; 
 limitations or restrictions on the repatriation or other transfer of funds; 
 potential difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 
 the inability to enforce agreements, collect payments or seek recourse under or comply with differing commercial laws; 
 managing the potential conflicts between locally accepted business practices and our obligations to comply with laws and regulations, including anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations; 
 compliance with economic sanctions laws and regulations; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 increased costs and difficulties in developing and managing our global operations and our technological infrastructure; and 
 seasonal fluctuations in business activity. 
 Our overall success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so without incurring unexpected or increased costs. If we are not able to manage the risks related to our international operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In certain regions, the degree of these risks may be higher due to more volatile economic, political or social conditions, less developed and predictable legal and regulatory regimes and increased potential for various types of adverse governmental action. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 36 of our revenues derived from our international operations. Since we operate in several different countries outside the United States, most notably the UK, the Netherlands, Japan, as well as China, Singapore, Hong Kong and Canada, among others, significant portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies, most notably the British pound sterling and euros, as well as Japanese Yen, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Singapore dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Canadian dollars, among others. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Accordingly, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, external events have caused, and may continue to cause, significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially among the U.S. dollar, the British pound sterling and the euro. 
 While we engage in hedging activity to attempt to mitigate currency exchange rate risk, these hedging activities may not fully mitigate the risk. Accordingly, if there are adverse movements in exchange rates, we may suffer significant losses, which would materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property 
 Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems, networks and infrastructure, breaches of security controls, unauthorized access to confidential or personal information or cyber-attacks could harm our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 The operation of our electronic trading platforms relies on the secure processing, storage and transmission of a large amount of transactional data and other confidential sensitive data. Because of our reliance on technology (including through our use of third-party service providers), we are susceptible to various cyber-threats to our systems, networks and infrastructure, in particular those that power our platforms and solutions. Similar to other financial services companies that provide services online, we have experienced, and likely will continue to experience, cyber-threats, cyber-attacks and attempted security breaches. Cyber-threats and cyber-attacks vary in technique and sources, are persistent, frequently change and have become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. These threats and attacks may come from external sources such as governments, crime organizations, hackers and other third parties or may originate internally from an employee or a third-party service provider, and can include unauthorized attempts to access, disable, interrupt, improperly modify or degrade our information, systems, networks and infrastructure or the introduction of computer viruses, ransomware, malware, and other malicious codes and fraudulent phishing emails or other forms of social engineering that seek to misappropriate data and information. Due to political uncertainty in certain regions, including military actions associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine, we, like other financial services companies, may be subject to a heightened risk of such attacks from nation-state and affiliated actors, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems, operations and platforms. While we maintain insurance coverage that is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the event we experience a cybersecurity incident, data breach, disruption, unauthorized access, interruption, significant delay, failure or malfunction in our systems, networks, infrastructure and other operations, affecting, in particular, our platforms and solutions, which could result in reputational damage, financial losses, client dissatisfaction, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties and/or private litigation. 
 While we have dedicated personnel who are responsible for maintaining our cybersecurity program and training our employees on cybersecurity, and while we utilize third-party technology products and services to help identify, protect and remediate our systems, networks and infrastructure, such measures and security controls may not be adequate or effective to prevent, identify or mitigate a cyber-attack, security breach, data breach, disruption, unauthorized access, interruption, significant delay, failure or malfunction. We are also dependent on security measures, if any, that our third-party service providers and clients take to protect their own systems, networks and infrastructures. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems, networks and infrastructures change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we, our third - party service providers or our clients may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate defensive measures or security controls. Additionally, we may be required in the future to incur significant costs to continue to minimize, mitigate against or alleviate the effects of cyber-attacks, security and data breaches or other security vulnerabilities and to protect against damage caused by such events. 
 There have been an increasing number of cyber-attacks in recent years in various industries, including ours, and cybersecurity risk management has been the subject of increasing focus by U.S. and foreign regulators. We have an Enterprise Risk Committee, chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, and comprised of the Chief Information Security Officer and heads of Risk Management, Global Compliance, Human Resources, Internal Audit and various business lines, as well as the General Counsel. Cybersecurity risk is overseen by our board of directors and audit committee. The Chief Risk Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer provide regular updates to the Executive Committee, our audit committee and the board of directors. 
 As regulatory focus increases, we may be required to devote significant additional financial, operational and technical resources to modify and enhance our defensive measures and security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In addition, any adverse regulatory actions that may result from a cybersecurity incident or a finding that we have inadequate defensive measures and security controls, could result in regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties, private litigation and/or reputational harm. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Although we have not been a victim of a cyber-attack or other cybersecurity incident that has had a material impact on our operations or financial condition, we have from time to time experienced cybersecurity incidents, including attempted distributed denial of service attacks, malware infections, phishing and other information technology incidents that are typical for an electronic financial services company of our size. If an actual, threatened or perceived cyber-attack or breach of our security occurs, our clients could lose confidence in our security measures and the reliability of our platforms and solutions, which would materially harm our ability to retain existing clients and gain new clients. As a result of any such attack or breach, we may be required to expend significant resources to repair system, network or infrastructure damage and to protect against the threat of future cyber-attacks or security breaches. We could also face litigation or other claims from impacted individuals as well as substantial regulatory sanctions or fines. 
 Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events and resulting interruptions in the availability of our platforms or solutions could materially harm our business and reputation. 
 Our business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our systems, networks and infrastructure, in particular those that power our platforms and solutions. From time to time, we have experienced, and we cannot assure you that we, or our third-party providers, will not experience, systems failures, delays in service or business interruptions. Our systems, networks, infrastructure and other operations, in particular our platforms and solutions, are vulnerable to impact or interruption from a wide variety of causes, including: irregular or heavy use of our trading platforms and related solutions during peak trading times or at times of increased market volatility; power, internet or telecommunications failures; hardware failures or software errors; human error, acts of vandalism or sabotage; catastrophic events, including those that are occurring with increasing frequency due to climate change such as natural disasters and extreme weather events; acts of war, terrorism or other armed hostilities; malicious cyberattacks, cyber-warfare or cyber incidents, such as unauthorized access, ransomware, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses or other malicious code; and the loss or failure of systems over which we have no control, such as loss of support services from critical third-party providers. In addition, we may also face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity and/or increased costs associated with such usage. 
 Any failure of, or significant interruption, delay or disruption to, or security breaches affecting, our systems, networks or infrastructure could result in: disruption to our operations, including disruptions in service to our clients; slower response times; distribution of untimely or inaccurate market data to clients who rely on this data for their trades; delays in trade execution; incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; significant expense to repair, replace or remediate systems, networks or infrastructure; financial losses and liabilities to clients; loss of clients; or legal or regulatory claims, proceedings, penalties or fines. Any system failure or significant interruption, delay or disruption in our operations, or decreases in the responsiveness of our platforms and solutions, could materially harm our reputation and business and lead our clients to decrease or cease their use of our trading platforms and solutions. 
 We internally support and maintain many of our systems and networks, including those underlying our trading platforms; however, we may not have sufficient personnel to properly respond to all systems, networks or infrastructure problems. Our failure to monitor or maintain our systems, networks and infrastructure, including those maintained or supported by our third-party providers, or to find a replacement for defective or obsolete components within our systems, networks and infrastructure in a timely and cost-effective manner when necessary, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we generally have disaster recovery and business continuity plans that utilize industry standards and best practices for much of our business, including redundant systems, networks, computer software and hardware and data centers to address interruption to our normal course of business, our systems, networks and infrastructure may not always be fully redundant and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may not always be sufficient or effective. Similarly, although some contracts with our third-party providers, such as our hosting facility providers, require adequate disaster recovery or business continuity capabilities, we cannot be certain that these will be adequate or implemented properly. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans are heavily reliant on the availability of the internet and mobile phone technology, so any disruption of those systems would likely affect our ability to recover promptly from a crisis situation. In addition, recent supply chain disruptions could affect our ability to procure hardware needed to recover from a crisis situation. If we are unable to execute our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, or if our plans prove insufficient for a particular situation or take longer than expected to implement in a crisis situation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, high-profile system failures in the electronic financial services industry, whether or not involving us directly, could negatively impact our business. In recent years, U.S. and foreign regulators have imposed new requirements on operations such as ours that have been costly for us to implement and that could result in a decrease in the use of our platforms and demand for some of our solutions or result in regulatory investigations, fines and penalties. For example, the SEC s Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity and the system safeguards regulations of the CFTC subject portions of our trading platforms and other technological systems related to our SEFs to more extensive regulation and oversight. In January 2022, the SEC proposed amendments which, among other things, would extend Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity to systems involving U.S. government securities trading. Ensuring our compliance with these (and any future proposed) regulations requires significant ongoing costs and there can be no assurance that government regulators will not impose additional costly obligations on us in the future. If system failures in the industry continue to occur, it is possible that confidence in the electronic financial services industry could diminish, leading to materially decreased trading volumes and revenues. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or rely on third-party intellectual property rights, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our brand and our business. 
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, processes, methodologies and information and on our ability to further build brand recognition using our tradenames and logos. We rely primarily on a combination of U.S. and foreign patent, copyright, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws and nondisclosure, license, assignment and confidentiality arrangements to establish, maintain and protect our proprietary rights as well as the intellectual property rights of third parties whose content, data, information and other materials we license (see also We rely on third parties to perform certain key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could result in the interruption of our operations and systems and could result in significant costs and reputational damage to us. ). We can give no assurances that any such patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property rights will protect our business from competition or that any intellectual property rights applied for in the future will be issued, or that the intellectual property rights licensed to us from third-parties will not be subject to challenge. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our rights, and third parties may successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that these protections will be adequate to prevent our competitors from independently developing platforms, solutions technologies or logos that are substantially equivalent or superior to our own. 
 The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of financial and managerial resources. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights or bring a claim against a third-party licensor could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and may result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some countries in which we now or in the future provide our platforms and solutions may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If our efforts to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates, dilutes or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights, which could cause us to suffer competitive injury, expend significant resources defending against such claims or be prevented from offering our platforms and solutions. 
 Our competitors, as well as other companies and individuals, may have obtained, and may be expected to obtain in the future, intellectual property rights related to the types of platforms and solutions we currently provide or plan to provide. In particular, as the number of trading platforms increases and the functionality of these platforms and related solutions further overlaps, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. We cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights that may pose a risk of infringement or misappropriation to our platforms, solutions, technologies or the manner in which we operate our business. 
 We have in the past been, are currently, and may from time to time in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. The costs of supporting legal and dispute resolution proceedings are considerable, and there can be no assurance that a favorable outcome will be obtained. We may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us, or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment. The terms of any settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations, pay substantial amounts to the other party and/or seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A license may not be available to us at all, and we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing platforms, solutions, technologies or practices or discontinue use of such platforms, solutions, technologies or practices. Any development efforts could require significant effort and expense and, as result, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platforms and solutions. 
 We use open source software in our technology, most often as small components within a larger solution. Open source code is also contained in some third-party software we rely on. The terms of many open source licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. or other courts, and these licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platforms and solutions, license the software on unfavorable terms, require us to re-engineer our platforms and solutions or take other remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Considerations 
 Extensive regulation of our industry results in ongoing exposure to significant costs and penalties, enhanced oversight and restrictions and limitations on our ability to conduct and grow our business. 
 The financial services industry, including our business, is subject to extensive regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These regulators have broad powers to promulgate and interpret laws, rules and regulations that often serve to restrict or limit our business. The SEC, the CFTC, FINRA, the National Futures Association NFA and other authorities extensively regulate the U.S. financial services industry, including most of our operations in the United States. Much of our international operations are subject to similar regulations in their respective jurisdictions, including regulations overseen by the FCA in the UK, De Nederlandsche Bank DNB ), the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets AFM ), the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and provincial regulators in Canada, the Japanese Financial Services Agency, the Japan Securities Dealers Association and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission. 
 Most aspects of our business, and in particular our broker-dealer, SEF and introducing broker subsidiaries, are subject to laws, rules and regulations that cover all aspects of our business, including manner of operation, system integrity, anti-money laundering and financial crimes, handling of material non-public information, safeguarding data, capital requirements, reporting, record retention, market access, licensing of employees and the conduct of officers, employees and other associated persons. See Part I, Item 1. Business Regulation, for a further description of the laws, rules and regulations that materially impact our business. There can be no assurance that we or our directors, officers and employees will be able to fully comply with these laws, rules and regulations. Any failure to comply with such legal and regulatory requirements could subject us to increased costs, fines, penalties or other sanctions, including suspensions of, or prohibitions on, certain of our activities, revocations of certain of our licenses or registrations, such as our membership in FINRA or our registration as a broker-dealer, or suspension of personnel. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to net capital and similar financial resource requirements. For example, our SEF subsidiaries are required to maintain sufficient financial resources to cover operating costs for at least one year. These net capital and related requirements may restrict our ability to withdraw capital from our regulated subsidiaries in certain circumstances, including through the payment of dividends, stock repurchases or the making of unsecured advances or loans. 
 Some of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations, including under FINRA, the FCA and the DNB, regarding changes in control of their ownership or organizational structure as defined by the applicable regulatory body. These regulations generally provide that prior regulatory approval must be obtained in connection with any transaction resulting in a change in control or organizational structure of the subsidiary, such as changes in direct and indirect ownership or changes in the composition of the board of directors or similar body or the appointment of new officers, and may include similar changes that occur at the Company or any of its stockholders that may be deemed to hold a controlling interest as defined by the applicable regulatory body. As a result of these regulations, our future efforts to sell shares or raise additional capital, or to make changes to our organizational structure, may be delayed or prohibited in circumstances in which such a transaction would give rise to a change in control or organizational structure as defined by the applicable regulatory body. 
 Our ability to operate our trading platforms or offer our solutions in a particular jurisdiction is dependent on continued registration or authorization in that jurisdiction (or the maintenance of a valid exemption from such registration or authorization). In addition, regulatory approval may be required to expand certain of our operations and activities, and we may not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals on a timely or cost-effective basis, or at all. Even if regulatory approvals are obtained, they may limit or impose restrictions on our operations and activities, and we may not be able to continue to comply with the terms of such approvals. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We incur significant costs, and will continue to devote significant financial and operational resources, to develop, implement and maintain policies, systems and processes to comply with our evolving legal and regulatory requirements. Future laws, rules and regulations, or adverse changes to, or more stringent enforcement of, existing laws, rules and regulations, could increase these costs and expose us to significant liabilities. 
 Our regulators generally require strict compliance with their laws, rules and regulations, and may investigate and enforce compliance and punish non-compliance. Many of our regulators, as well as other governmental authorities, are empowered to bring enforcement actions and to conduct administrative proceedings, examinations, inspections and investigations, which may result in increased compliance costs, penalties, fines, enhanced oversight, increased financial and capital requirements, additional restrictions or limitations, censure, suspension or other sanction, such as disgorgement, restitution or the revocation of regulatory approvals. The risks associated with such actions are difficult to assess or quantify. 
 In the normal course of our business, we have been, and continue to be from time to time, a party to various legal and regulatory proceedings related to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including audits, examinations and investigations of our operations and activities. Legal and regulatory actions, from subpoenas and other requests for information to potential criminal investigations, may divert management s attention, cause us to incur significant expenses, including fees for legal representation and costs for remediation efforts, and result in fines, penalties or other sanctions. We may also be required to change or cease aspects of our operations or activities if a legal or regulatory authority determines that we have failed to comply with any laws, rules or regulations applicable to our business and/or otherwise determines to prohibit any of our operations or activities or revoke any of our approvals. In addition, regardless of the outcome, such actions may result in substantial costs and negative publicity, which may damage our reputation and impair our ability to attract and retain clients. 
 Firms in the financial services industry have experienced increased scrutiny in recent years, and penalties, fines and other sanctions sought by governmental and regulatory authorities, including the SEC, the CFTC, the Department of Justice, state securities administrators and state attorneys general in the United States, the FCA in the UK and other foreign regulators, have increased accordingly. This trend toward a heightened regulatory oversight and enforcement environment is expected to continue for the foreseeable future, and may create uncertainty and may increase our exposure to scrutiny of our operations and activities, significant penalties and liability and negative publicity. 
 Our business, and the businesses of many of our clients, could be materially adversely affected by new laws, rules or regulations or changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, including the interpretation and enforcement thereof. 
 Our business, and the business of many of our clients, is subject to extensive regulation. 
 Governmental and regulatory authorities periodically review legislative and regulatory policies and initiatives, and may promulgate new or revised, or adopt changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing, laws, rules and regulations at any time. Any such changes in laws, rules or regulations or in governmental policies could create additional regulatory exposure for our business, cause us to incur significant additional costs, require us to change or cease aspects of our business or restrict or limit our ability to grow our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There have been in the past, and could be in the future, significant technological, operational and compliance costs associated with the obligations that derive from compliance with evolving laws, rules and regulations. 
 Changes in legislation and in the rules and regulations promulgated by domestic and foreign regulators, and how they are applied, often directly affect the method of operation and profitability of dealers and other financial services intermediaries, including our dealer clients, and could result in restrictions in the way we and our clients conduct business. For example, current financial regulations impose certain capital requirements on, and restrict certain trading activities by, our dealer clients, which could adversely affect such clients ability to make markets across a variety of asset classes and products. If our existing dealer clients reduce their trading activity and that activity is not replaced by other market participants, the level of liquidity and pricing available on our trading platforms would be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business and that of our clients could also be affected by the monetary policies adopted by the Federal Reserve and foreign central banking authorities, which may affect the credit quality of our clients or increase the cost for our clients to trade certain instruments on our trading platforms. In addition, such changes in monetary policy, such as the Federal Reserve s recent increases to the federal funds rate, may directly impact our cost of funds for financing and investment activities and may impact the value of any financial instruments we hold. 
 Furthermore, many of the underlying markets in which we facilitate trading, and in which our clients trade, are subject to regulation. For example, trading in interest rate swaps has been subject to extensive regulation in the past, and any future regulation could lead to a decline in trading in these markets, which could have a negative impact on our trading volumes and, as a result, our revenues. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, regulatory bodies in Europe have developed and continue to develop rules and regulations targeted at the financial services industry. Additionally, most of the world s major economies have introduced and continue to introduce regulations implementing Basel III, a global regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy, stress testing and market liquidity risk. The continued implementation of new rules and regulations concerning bank capital standards could restrict the ability of our large bank and dealer customers to raise additional capital or use existing capital for trading purposes, which might cause them to trade less on our trading platforms and diminish transaction velocity. In addition, as regulations are introduced which affect our prudential obligations, the regulatory capital requirements imposed on certain of our subsidiaries may change. 
 It is difficult to know conclusively how future regulatory developments may directly affect our business. We cannot predict whether additional changes to the laws, rules and regulations that govern our business and operations, including changes to their interpretation, implementation or enforcement, will occur in the future or the extent to which any such changes will impact our business and operations. In addition, we cannot predict how current proposals that have not yet been finalized or that remain subject to ongoing debate will be implemented or in what form. We believe that uncertainty and potential delays around the final form of such new laws, rules and regulations may negatively impact our clients and trading volumes in certain markets in which we transact. Additionally, unintended consequences of such new laws, rules and regulations may adversely affect our industry, our clients and us in ways yet to be determined. Any such legal and regulatory changes could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, rules, regulations and obligations could harm our business. 
 Certain types of information we collect, compile, store, use, transfer and/or publish are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and information security. These laws, rules and regulations govern the storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure and protection of personal information and other content. The scope of these laws, rules and regulations are changing, subject to differing interpretations, may be inconsistent among jurisdictions or conflict with other laws, rules or regulations. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related to applicable privacy, data protection and information security. 
 The regulatory framework for privacy, data protection and information security worldwide is uncertain, and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we expect that there will continue to be new laws, rules regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, in the European Economic Area (the EEA ), the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR imposes more stringent EU data protection requirements for entities using, processing, and transferring personal data and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. The GDPR prohibits the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the European Union/EEA (including the U.S.) that are not considered by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection, except if the data controller meets very specific requirements, including use of standard contractual clauses SCCs ), issued by the European Commission. The SCCs impose obligations on companies relating to cross-border personal data transfers, including, for example, depending on a party s role in the transfer, implementation of additional security measures and to update internal privacy practices. We rely on a mixture of mechanisms to transfer personal data from our EU business to the U.S. and we evaluate what additional mechanisms may be required to establish adequate safeguards for personal information. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal information export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used and/or start taking enforcement action, we could incur substantial costs and/or regulatory investigations or fines. We are also subject to the GDPR as incorporated into United Kingdom law UK GDPR ). Following Brexit, the European Commission adopted a UK adequacy decision in June 2021 which organizations can rely on for EEA to UK personal data transfers. This decision will automatically expire four years after its entry into force, but it might be renewed provided the UK maintains an adequate level of data protection. The relationship between the UK and the EU in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains unclear, however, and it is unclear how UK data protection laws and regulations will develop in the medium to longer term, and how data transfers to and from the UK will be regulated in the long term. Outside of Europe and the UK, several other countries in which we operate, including China, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong have established specific legal requirements for privacy, data protection and information security, including data localization and/or cross-border transfer restrictions. 
 If we are otherwise unable to transfer personal information between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services and could adversely affect our financial results. Moreover, any changes to these laws may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 There has also been increased regulation of data privacy and security in the U.S. at the state level. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which came into force in 2020, broadly defines personal information, gives California residents expanded data privacy rights and protections to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal data is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. The CCPA contained certain exemptions for personal information of employees and job applicants, and personal information collected in a business-to-business context, each of which expired as of January 1, 2023, expanding compliance obligations under the CCPA. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which took effect on January 1, 2023, significantly expanded the CCPA. Among other changes, the CPRA introduced additional obligations such as data minimization and storage limitations; established a dedicated privacy regulator in California, the California Privacy Protection Agency, to implement and enforce the law; and granted additional rights to consumers, such as correction of personal information and additional opt-out rights with respect to a new category of sensitive information. The CCPA has marked the beginning of a trend toward more stringent state data privacy legislation in the U.S., which may result in significant costs to our business, damage our reputation, require us to amend our business practices, and could adversely affect our business, especially to the extent the specific requirements vary from those and other existing laws. For example, Virginia, Utah, Connecticut and Colorado have adopted new state data privacy laws that take effect in 2023. 
 Our efforts to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, rules and regulations could entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and could impact our ability to provide certain solutions. Additionally, if our third-party providers violate any of these laws or regulations, such violations may also put our operations at risk. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any of our obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims or negative publicity and could result in significant liability, increased costs or cause our clients to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 New U.S. tax legislation may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective. Any such law, regulation or interpretation could take effect retroactively, and could adversely affect our business and financial condition, and the impact of any such law, regulation or interpretation on holders of our Class A common stock could be adverse. For example, the IRA enacted, among other changes, a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain United States corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to taxation by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities, and our tax liabilities will be affected by the allocation of expenses to differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
 future earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In certain circumstances, liability for adjustments to a partnership s tax return may be imputed to the partnership itself absent an election to the contrary. TWM LLC may be subject to material liabilities if, for example, its calculations of taxable income are incorrect. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance and risk management programs, including audit and reporting systems, that can quickly adapt and respond to changes in the legal and regulatory landscape, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, audit, legal, cybersecurity and other compliance and risk management personnel. While we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks and regulatory obligations, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. Our risk-management programs may prove to be ineffective because of their design, their implementation and maintenance or the lack of adequate, accurate or timely information. If our risk-management programs and efforts are ineffective, we could suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our compliance and risk management programs, we must rely upon our analysis of laws, rules, regulations and information regarding our industry, markets, personnel, clients and other matters. That information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly analyzed. Furthermore, we rely on a combination of technical and human controls and supervision that are subject to error and potential failure. 
 In case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations by us or third parties on which we may rely, we could be subject to regulatory investigations and proceedings that may be very expensive to defend against and may result in substantial fines and penalties or civil lawsuits, including by clients, for damages which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the implementation of new legislation or regulations, or changes in or unfavorable interpretations of existing legislation or regulations by courts or regulators, could require us to incur significant compliance costs and impede our ability to operate, expand and enhance our platforms and solutions as necessary to remain competitive and grow our business, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to litigation risk, including securities litigation risk. 
 We are from time to time involved in various litigation matters and claims, including lawsuits regarding employment matters, breach of contract matters and other business and commercial matters. See Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our clients, involve substantial risks of liability. These risks include, among others, disputes over the terms of a trade and claims that a system failure or delay caused monetary loss to a client or that an unauthorized trade occurred. Although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some matters, we may still sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance, and we could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. Due to the uncertain nature of the litigation process, it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of any particular litigation matter or claim, and we could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The ultimate outcome of litigation matters and claims against us may require us to change or cease certain operations and may result in higher operating costs. An adverse resolution of any litigation matter or claim could cause damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our stock price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to our Indebtedness 
 The credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility imposes significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our restricted subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities, and we may incur additional debt in the future that may include similar or additional restrictions. 
 We are party to a 500.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), with a syndicate of banks. The credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility imposes significant operating and financial restrictions. These restrictions, which are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, could limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 
 create or incur liens; 
 pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; 
 make investments, loans and advances; and 
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates. 
 In addition, the credit agreement that governs our Revolving Credit Facility requires us to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio and a minimum cash interest coverage ratio. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 These covenants could materially adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs. Furthermore, they may restrict our ability to expand and pursue our business strategies and otherwise conduct our business. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by circumstances and events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such covenants. These restrictions could also limit our ability to obtain future financings to withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategies and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions. 
 Our failure to comply with the covenants and other terms of the Revolving Credit Facility and/or the terms of any future indebtedness could result in an event of default. If any such event of default occurs and is not waived, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility could elect to declare all amounts outstanding and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, under the Revolving Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable, and could foreclose on the assets securing the Revolving Credit Facility. The lenders would also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further credit extensions. If we are forced to refinance any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility on less favorable terms or if we cannot refinance these borrowings, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, although the credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in compliance with these restrictions in the future. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. 
 Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will be at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, as they did throughout 2022, our debt service obligations on any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will increase even though the amount borrowed may remain the same, and our net income and cash flows will correspondingly decrease. Assuming that the 500.0 million Revolving Credit Facility was fully drawn, each 0.125 change in interest rates would result in an approximate change of 0.6 million in annual interest expense on the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The phase-out, replacement or unavailability of LIBOR and/or other interest rate benchmarks could adversely affect our indebtedness. 
 The interest rates applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility are based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). In July 2017, the UK s FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. On November 30, 2020, ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR tenors, with the support of the Federal Reserve and the FCA, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR on December 31, 2021 for the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR, and on June 30, 2023 for all other U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors. The Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new U.S. dollar LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the IBA confirmed its intention to cease publication of (i) one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors after December 31, 2021 and (ii) remaining USD U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors after June 30, 2023. In response to concerns regarding the future of LIBOR, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York convened the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC to identify alternatives to LIBOR. The ARRC has recommended a benchmark replacement waterfall to assist issuers in continued financial market entry while safeguarding against LIBOR s discontinuation. The initial steps in the ARRC s recommended provision reference variations of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities. At this time, it is not possible to predict the extent to which and how quickly SOFR will attain market traction as a LIBOR replacement. Additionally, it is uncertain whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR and whether one-month, three-month, six-month, and twelve-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates will continue to be published until June 2023, or whether additional reforms to LIBOR may be enacted, or whether alternative reference rates will gain market acceptance as a replacement for LIBOR. In anticipation of LIBOR s phase-out, the credit agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility provides for alternative base rates as well as a transition mechanism for selecting a benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR, with such benchmark replacement rate to be mutually agreed with the administrative agent and subject to the majority lenders not objecting to such benchmark replacement. There can be no assurance that we will be able to reach any agreement on a replacement benchmark, and there can be no assurance that any agreement we reach will result in effective interest rates at least as favorable to us as our current effective interest rates. The failure to reach an agreement on a replacement benchmark, or the failure to reach an agreement that results in an effective interest rate at least as favorable to us as our current effective interest rates, could result in a significant increase in our debt service obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the overall financing market may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to refinance, reprice or amend the Revolving Credit Facility, or incur additional indebtedness, on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Risks Relating to our Organizational Structure and Governance 
 Refinitiv controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 Following the consummation of the LSEG Transaction, LSEG is the controlling shareholder of Refinitiv and Refinitiv continues to be the controlling shareholder of Tradeweb. As of December 31, 2022, Refinitiv controls approximately 91.2 of the combined voting power of our common stock as a result of its ownership of our Class B common stock and Class D common stock, each share of which is entitled to 10 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Moreover, under our amended and restated bylaws and the Stockholders Agreement, for so long as Refinitiv continues to beneficially own at least 10 of the combined voting power of our common stock, we will agree to nominate to our board of directors a certain number of individuals designated by Refinitiv. Even when Refinitiv ceases to own shares of our common stock representing a majority of the combined voting power, for so long as Refinitiv continues to own a significant percentage of our common stock, Refinitiv will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval through its combined voting power. Accordingly, for such period of time, Refinitiv will continue to have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies. In particular, Refinitiv is able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. The concentration of voting power could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of Class A common stock as part of a sale of our company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Refinitiv engages in a broad spectrum of activities. In the ordinary course of its business activities, Refinitiv may engage in activities where its interests conflict with our interests or those of our stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that none of Refinitiv, any of its affiliates (including LSEG) or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates has any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Refinitiv also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, Refinitiv may have an interest in our pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 Refinitiv owns a majority of the combined voting power in us. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. A company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board of directors, by its independent directors or by a nominations committee that is composed entirely of independent directors; and 
 the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. 
 We intend to continue to rely on all of the exemptions listed above. If we continue to utilize the exemptions, we will not have a majority of independent directors and our nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees will not consist entirely of independent directors. As a result, our board of directors and those committees may have more directors who do not meet Nasdaq independence standards than they would if those standards were to apply. The independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the merger or acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 provide for a multi-class common stock structure with a 10 vote per share feature of our Class B common stock and Class D common stock; 
 allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of our common stock; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent from and after the date on which Refinitiv ceases to beneficially own at least 50 of the total voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock unless such action is recommended by all directors then in office; 
 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws and that our stockholders may only amend our bylaws with the approval of 66 2 3 or more in voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock, if Refinitiv beneficially owns less than 50 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, while we have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that Refinitiv and its affiliates, and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 
 Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. See Exhibit 4.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our capital stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain what such stockholders believe to be a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of our company to our company or our stockholders, (iii) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring an interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. These choice-of-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that he, she or it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 Our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC, and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from TWM LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 We are a holding company and our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC. We have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes and operating expenses or declare and pay dividends, if any, in accordance with our dividend policy will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of TWM LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from TWM LLC. There can be no assurance that TWM LLC and its subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions will permit such distributions. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We also incur expenses related to our operations, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which we expect could be significant. See Note 10 Tax Receivable Agreement to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend, as its sole manager of TWM LLC, to cause TWM LLC to continue to make cash distributions to the owners of LLC Interests, including us, in an amount sufficient to (i) fund all or part of their tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to them and (ii) cover our operating expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. When TWM LLC makes distributions, Continuing LLC Owners will be entitled to receive proportionate distributions based on their economic interests in TWM LLC at the time of such distributions. TWM LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, such as restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which TWM LLC is then a party, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering TWM LLC insolvent. If we do not have sufficient funds to pay tax or other liabilities or to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, including under the Revolving Credit Facility, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such indebtedness. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. See Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock. 
 In certain circumstances, TWM LLC will be required to make distributions to us and the other holders of LLC Interests, and the distributions that TWM LLC will be required to make may be substantial and in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash, the Continuing LLC Owners would benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock or Class B common stock following an exchange of their LLC Interests. 
 TWM LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to holders of LLC Interests, including us. Accordingly, we incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of TWM LLC. Under the TWM LLC Agreement, TWM LLC is generally required from time to time to make pro rata distributions in cash to us and the other holders of LLC Interests in amounts that are intended to be sufficient to cover the taxes on our and the other LLC Interests holders respective allocable shares of the taxable income of TWM LLC. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and the other LLC Interest holders, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations as compared to individuals and (iii) the favorable tax benefits that we anticipate receiving from (a) acquisitions of LLC Interests in connection with future taxable redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests for shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, and (b) payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we expect that these tax distributions will be in amounts that exceed our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our board of directors will determine the appropriate uses for any excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, any potential dividends, the payment of obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the payment of other expenses. We have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the redemption or exchange ratio of LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, will be made as a result of either (i) any cash distribution by TWM LLC or (ii) any cash that we retain and do not distribute to our stockholders. To the extent that we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to TWM LLC, Continuing LLC Owners would benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, following a redemption or exchange of their LLC Interests. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The Tax Receivable Agreement with the Continuing LLC Owners requires us to make cash payments to them in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make will be substantial. 
 We are a party to the Tax Receivable Agreement with TWM LLC and the Continuing LLC Owners. Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to a Continuing LLC Owner equal to 50 of the U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from such Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO, the October 2019 and the April 2020 follow-on offerings and any future offerings or (b) redemptions or exchanges by such Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of our Class A common stock or Class B Common Stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We expect that the amount of the cash payments that we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial. Any payments made by us to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. Furthermore, our obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 The actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the timing of any future redemptions, exchanges or purchases of the LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners, the price of our Class A common stock at the time of the redemption, exchange or purchase, the extent to which redemptions or exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income that we generate in the future, the timing and amount of any earlier payments we make under the Tax Receivable Agreement itself, the tax rates then applicable and the portion of our payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement constituting imputed interest. We expect that, as a result of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of TWM LLC attributable to the redeemed or exchanged LLC Interests, the payments that we may make to the existing Continuing LLC Owners could be substantial. For example, as of December 31, 2022, we recorded a liability of 425.7 million related to our projected obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement with respect to LLC Interests that were purchased by Tradeweb Markets Inc. using the net proceeds from the IPO and the October 2019 and the April 2020 follow-on offerings and LLC Interests that were exchanged by Continuing LLC Owners during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned on any Continuing LLC Owner s continued ownership of LLC Interests or our Class A common stock or Class B common stock. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as described below, the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual benefits we receive in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or distributions to us by TWM LLC are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing LLC Owners that will not benefit Class A common stockholders or Class B common stockholders to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing LLC Owners. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing LLC Owners that will not benefit the holders of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing LLC Owners. The Tax Receivable Agreement with TWM LLC and the Continuing LLC Owners provides for the payment by us to the Continuing LLC Owners of 50 of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from such Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO, the October 2019 and April 2020 follow-on offerings and any future offerings or (b) redemptions or exchanges by the Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests for shares of our Class A common stock or Class B Common Stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Although we will retain 50 of the amount of such tax benefits, this and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the future trading market for the Class A common stock. 
 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the Continuing LLC Owners may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that upon certain changes of control or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our obligations, or our successor s obligations, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would be accelerated and calculated based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 As a result of the foregoing, (i) we could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement (for example, if we do not end up having any income in the relevant period) and (ii) we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain change of control transactions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fund or finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the Internal Revenue Service or another tax authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases, as well as other related tax positions we take, and a court could sustain such challenge. We will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by us and for which payment has been made to a Continuing LLC Owner are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to a Continuing LLC Owner will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make to such Continuing LLC Owner under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment to a Continuing LLC Owner for a number of years following the initial time of such payment and, if any of our tax reporting positions are challenged by a taxing authority, we will not be permitted to reduce any future cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement until any such challenge is finally settled or determined. As a result, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of the tax savings that we realize in respect of the tax attributes with respect to a Continuing LLC Owner that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), as a result of our ownership of TWM LLC, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an investment company, as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act. 
 As the sole manager of TWM LLC, we control and operate TWM LLC. On that basis, we believe that our interest in TWM LLC is not an investment security as that term is used in the 1940 Act. However, if we were to cease participation in the management of TWM LLC, our interest in TWM LLC could be deemed an investment security for purposes of the 1940 Act. 
 We and TWM LLC intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock 
 Refinitiv and Continuing LLC Owners may require us to issue additional shares of our Class A common stock. 
 As of February 17, 2023, we have an aggregate of 888,774,111 shares of Class A common stock authorized but unissued, including approximately 123,275,273 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the redemption or exchange of LLC Interests that are held by the Continuing LLC Owners or the exchange of shares of Class B common stock that are held by Refinitiv and any other future holders of Class B common stock. Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the TWM LLC Agreement, Continuing LLC Owners are entitled to have their LLC Interests redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, in each case, on a one-for-one basis (in which case such holders shares of Class C common stock or Class D common stock, as the case may be, will be cancelled on a one-for-one basis upon any such issuance). Shares of our Class B common stock may also be exchanged at any time, at the option of the holder, for newly issued shares of Class A common stock (in which case such holders shares of Class B common stock will be cancelled on a one-for-one basis upon any such issuance). 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our Class A common stock may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock, including shares issued in connection with an acquisition, or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur, may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be highly volatile. 
 The market price and trading volumes of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies in our industry. The following factors, in addition to other factors described in this Risk Factors section, may have a significant impact on the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock: 
 negative trends in global economic conditions or activity levels in our industry, including any potential recession in the U.S. or global economies; 
 changes in our relationship with our clients or in client needs or expectations or trends in the markets in which we operate; 
 announcements concerning or by our competitors or concerning our industry or the markets in which we operate in general; 
 announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 
 our ability to implement our business strategy; 
 our ability to complete and integrate acquisitions; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results or failure to meet guidance given by us or any change in guidance given by us or in our guidance practices; 
 trading volume of our Class A common stock; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover the Company or changes in financial estimates by the analysts who cover us, our competitors or our industry in general; 
 economic, political, social, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 the loss of any of our management or key personnel; 
 sales of our Class A common stock by us, our executive officers, directors or our stockholders in the future; 
 investor perception of us, our competitors and our industry; 
 any adverse consequences related to our multi-class capital structure, such as stock index providers excluding companies with multi-class capital structures from certain indices; and 
 overall fluctuations in the U.S. equity markets generally. 
 In addition, broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and factors beyond our control may cause our stock price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly. 
 Sales, or the potential for sales, of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to drop significantly. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock, impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities or make it more difficult for you to sell your Class A common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. As of February 17, 2023 we have 111,225,889 outstanding shares of Class A common stock and 123,275,273 shares of Class A common stock that are authorized but unissued that would be issuable upon redemption or exchange of LLC Interests or exchange of shares of our Class B common stock. 
 In addition, shares of Class A common stock issued or issuable upon exercise of options that have currently vested and vesting of the PRSUs and RSUs are eligible for sale. We have filed registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act covering approximately 32 million shares of Class A common stock issued or issuable under our equity incentive plans. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statements are available for sale in the open market following the vesting of awards, as applicable, the expiration or waiver of any applicable lockup period and subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates. 
 In addition, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, Refinitiv, its affiliates and certain of its transferees have the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to require us to register under the Securities Act shares of Class A common stock. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act, would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, our industry or markets or our competitors, or if they adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our Class A common stock, our stock price and trading volume could materially decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our industry or markets or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts and we cannot provide any assurance that analysts will continue to cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price could materially decline. If any analyst who covers us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or stock trading volumes to materially decline. 
 We intend to continue to pay regular dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited. 
 We intend to continue to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock on a quarterly basis, subject to the discretion of our board of directors and our compliance with applicable law, and depending on our and our subsidiaries results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Because we are a holding company and all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, we expect to pay dividends, if any, only from funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is dependent on the earnings and distributions of funds from our subsidiaries. As the sole manager of TWM LLC, we intend to cause, and will rely on, TWM LLC to make distributions in respect of LLC Interests to fund our dividends. When TWM LLC makes such distributions, Continuing LLC Owners will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions pro rata based on their economic interests in TWM LLC at the time of such distributions. In order for TWM LLC to make distributions, it may need to receive distributions from its subsidiaries. Certain of these subsidiaries are or may in the future be subject to regulatory capital requirements that limit the size or frequency of distributions. If TWM LLC is unable to cause these subsidiaries to make distributions, it may have inadequate funds to distribute to us and we may be unable to fund our dividends. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility, any future credit agreement or any future debt or preferred equity securities of Tradeweb or its subsidiaries. 
 Our dividend policy entails certain risks and limitations, particularly with respect to our liquidity. By paying cash dividends rather than investing that cash in our business or repaying any outstanding debt, we risk, among other things, slowing the expansion of our business, having insufficient cash to fund our operations or make capital expenditures or limiting our ability to incur borrowings. Our board of directors will periodically review the cash generated from our business and the capital expenditures required to finance our growth plans and determine whether to modify the amount of regular dividends and/or declare any periodic special dividends. There can be no assurance that our board of directors will not reduce the amount of regular cash dividends or cause us to cease paying dividends altogether. 
 The timing and amount of any share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 On December 5, 2022, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program with an indefinite term under which the Company may purchase up to 300 million of its Class A common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase its Class A common stock from time to time, in amounts, at prices and at such times as it deems appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. The Company may make repurchases in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated repurchase programs, or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans. The Share Repurchase Program will be conducted in compliance with applicable legal requirements and shall be subject to market conditions and other factors. The Share Repurchase Program has no termination date, may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate the company to acquire any amount of Class A common stock, and our board of directors may not authorize any increases to or extensions of the Share Repurchase Program or any new repurchase program in the future. 
 The manner, timing and amount of any purchase will be based on an evaluation of market conditions, stock price and other factors. For example, the IRA imposes a 1 excise tax on the repurchase after December 31, 2022 of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations. The imposition of the excise tax on repurchases of our shares will increase the cost to us of making repurchases and may cause management to reduce the number of shares repurchased pursuant to the program. Additional considerations that could cause management to limit, suspend or delay future stock repurchases include unfavorable market conditions, the trading price of our Class A common stock, the nature and magnitude of other investment opportunities available to us from time to time and the allocation of available cash. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. For example, the existence of the Share Repurchase Program could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our Class A common stock. Our repurchases may also not enhance stockholder value because the stock price of our Class A common stock may decline below the prices at which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance or pursue our business strategies. 
 The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Nasdaq, may strain our resources, increase our costs and divert management s attention, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the corporate governance standards of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Nasdaq. These requirements may place a strain on our management, systems and resources. In addition, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses in connection with being a public company. The Exchange Act requires us to file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition within specified time periods and to prepare a proxy statement with respect to our annual meeting of stockholders. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Nasdaq requires that we comply with various corporate governance requirements. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and comply with the Exchange Act and Nasdaq requirements, significant resources and management oversight are required. This may divert management s attention from other business concerns and lead to significant costs associated with compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on us and the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect to incur additional costs in connection with compliance with the SEC s new climate-related disclosure rules. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or its committees or as our executive officers. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt even more changes in governance and reporting requirements. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of these costs. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our Class A common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in New York, New York. As of December 31, 2022, our principal offices consisted of the following properties: 
 Location Square Feet Lease Expiration Date Use New York, New York 41,062 12/31/2023 Office Space Jersey City, New Jersey 65,242 12/31/2027 Office Space London, United Kingdom 16,259 9/30/2024 Office Space 
 We also lease offices in Boston, Massachusetts, Garden City, New York, Shanghai, China, Paris, France, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Japan, Amsterdam, Netherlands and Singapore. 
 Our infrastructure operates out of third-party data centers in Secaucus, New Jersey, Weehawken, New Jersey, Piscataway, New Jersey and Chicago, Illinois and, outside the United States, in Hounslow, United Kingdom, Slough, United Kingdom, Saitama, Japan and Tokyo, Japan. 
 We believe that our facilities are in good operating condition and adequately meet our current needs, and that additional or alternative space to support future use and expansion will be available on reasonable commercial terms. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 From time to time, we are subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings, including reviews, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business. Set forth below is a summary of our currently pending material legal proceedings. While the ultimate resolution of these matters cannot presently be determined, we do not believe that, taking into account any applicable insurance coverage, any of our pending legal proceedings, including the matters set forth below, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. As such, there can be no assurance that the final outcome of any of our pending or future legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including for any particular reporting period. In addition, regardless of the outcome, legal proceedings may have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, reputational loss and other factors. 
 We record our best estimate of a loss, including estimated defense costs, when the loss is considered probable and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. Based on our experience, we believe that the amount of damages claimed in a legal proceeding is not a meaningful indicator of the potential liability. At this time, we cannot reasonably predict the timing or outcomes of, or estimate the amount of loss, or range of loss, if any, related to, our pending legal proceedings, including the matters described below, and therefore we do not have any contingency reserves established for any of these matters. 
 Treasuries Matter 
 In December 2015, more than 40 substantially similar putative class action complaints filed by individual investors, pension funds, retirement funds, insurance companies, municipalities, hedge funds and banks were consolidated in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York under the caption In re Treasuries Securities Auction Antitrust Litigation , No. 1:15-md-2673 (S.D.N.Y.) (PGG). In November 2017, the plaintiffs in these consolidated actions filed a consolidated amended complaint in which they allege (a) an Auction Conspiracy among primary dealers of United States Treasury securities in auctions for Treasury securities and in the when-issued and secondary markets for such securities and other derivative financial products; and (b) a Boycott Conspiracy among certain primary dealers and Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb IDB Markets, Inc. and Dealerweb Inc. (collectively, the Tradeweb Parties ). The plaintiffs purport to represent two putative classes: an Auction Class consisting of all persons who purchased Treasuries in an auction, transacted in Treasuries with a dealer defendant or through an exchange from January 1, 2007 through June 8, 2015, and a Boycott Class consisting of all persons who transacted in Treasury securities in the secondary market with a dealer defendant from November 15, 2013 to the present. 
 The consolidated amended complaint alleges that the Tradeweb Parties participated in the alleged Boycott Conspiracy through which certain primary dealers are alleged to have boycotted trading platforms permitting all-to-all trading of Treasury securities. The complaint asserts claims against the Tradeweb Parties under Section 1 of the Sherman Antitrust Act and for unjust enrichment under state law and seeks to permanently enjoin the Tradeweb Parties and the dealer defendants from maintaining the alleged Boycott Conspiracy and an award of treble damages, costs and expenses. 
 Defendants filed motions to dismiss in February 2018, including a separate motion to dismiss filed by the Tradeweb Parties. The cases were dismissed in March 2021, with the Court granting the Plaintiffs leave to further amend the complaint by no later than May 14, 2021. The Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on or about May 14, 2021, and the Company served its motion to dismiss the amended compliant on June 14, 2021. By order dated March 31, 2022, the Court granted the Company s motion and dismissed all of the claims against it in the amended complaint. The Court also denied the Plaintiffs request for leave to file a further amended complaint. On April 28, 2022, the Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal of the decision and filed their opening brief on the appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit on August 18, 2022. The Company filed its brief in response on November 17, 2022. Plaintiffs filed their brief in reply in further support of their appeal on December 14, 2022. The parties have requested oral argument on the appeal, which request is currently pending, and no date for oral argument has yet been set. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the claims set forth in the complaint and intend to continue to vigorously defend our position . 
 Interest Rate Swaps Matter 
 In November 2015, Public School Teachers Pension and Retirement Fund of Chicago, on behalf of itself and a putative class of other similar purchasers of interest rate swaps IRS ), filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Tradeweb Markets LLC, ICAP Capital Markets LLC and several investment banks and their affiliates (the Dealer Defendants ), captioned Public School Teachers Pension and Retirement Fund of Chicago v. Bank of America Corporation , Case No. 15-cv-09219 (S.D.N.Y.). Additional plaintiffs, including Tera Group Inc. and Javelin Capital Markets LLC, filed lawsuits and, ultimately, the cases were consolidated under the caption In re Interest Rate Swaps Antitrust Litigation , No. 1:16-md-2704. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The plaintiffs allege that defendants conspired to forestall the emergence of exchange style trading for IRS and seek treble damages and declaratory and injunctive relief under federal antitrust laws with respect to Tradeweb Markets LLC. Plaintiffs allege that Tradeweb agreed with the Dealer Defendants to shutter its plans to launch an exchange-like trading platform for IRS in furtherance of the conspiracy and provided a forum where the Dealer Defendants carried out their alleged collusion. 
 Tradeweb Markets LLC and certain other entities were dismissed from the lawsuit in July 2017, following the court s order and opinion on defendants motions to dismiss. In May 2018, the court denied plaintiffs request for leave to amend their complaint to reinstate Tradeweb Markets LLC as a defendant, but granted leave to amend to include additional allegations. In October 2018, plaintiffs filed a motion seeking leave to file a proposed fourth amended complaint. They did not seek to name Tradeweb Markets LLC as a defendant but instead purported to reserve all rights with respect to Tradeweb Markets LLC. While Tradeweb Markets LLC is not a party to the litigation, it was actively engaged in third-party discovery and responded to the parties data and document requests. Additionally, in June 2018, the plaintiffs notified the court that they are likely to move for entry of judgment of the dismissed claims. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to any allegations asserted against us in this litigation and, if necessary, intend to vigorously defend our position. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol TW. There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock, Class C common stock or Class D common stock. 
 Holders 
 As of December 31, 2022, there are two holders of record of our Class A common stock, one holder of record of our Class B common stock, one holder of record of our Class C common stock and 12 holders of record of our Class D common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our Class A common stock are street name or beneficial owners, whose shares of Class A common stock are held of record by banks, brokerage firms and other financial institutions. Such shares of Class A common stock held by banks, brokerage firms and other financial institutions as nominees for beneficial owners are considered to be held of record by Cede Co., a nominee for The Depository Trust Company, who is considered to be one of the two holders of record of our Class A common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 Subject to legally available funds, we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock equal to 0.09 per share. The declaration, amount and payment of any dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our and our subsidiaries results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Because we are a holding company and all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, we expect to pay dividends, if any, from funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is dependent on the earnings and distributions of funds from our subsidiaries. As the sole manager of TWM LLC, we intend to cause, and will rely on, TWM LLC to make distributions in respect of LLC Interests to fund our dividends. When TWM LLC makes such distributions, the Continuing LLC Owners will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions pro rata based on their economic interests in TWM LLC at the time of such distributions. Because Tradeweb must pay taxes and make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, amounts ultimately distributed as dividends to holders of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock are expected to be less than the amounts distributed by TWM LLC to its members on a per LLC Interest basis. In order for TWM LLC to make distributions, it may need to receive distributions from its subsidiaries. If TWM LLC is unable to cause these subsidiaries to make distributions, it may have inadequate funds to distribute to us and we may be unable to fund our dividends. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility or any future credit agreement or any future debt or preferred equity securities of Tradeweb or its subsidiaries. 
 Our board of directors will periodically review the cash generated from our business and the capital expenditures required to finance our growth plans and determine whether to modify the amount of regular dividends and/or declare any periodic special dividends. Any future determination to change the amount of dividends and/or declare special dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon then-existing conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. 
 See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Organizational Structure and Governance Our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC, and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from TWM LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock We intend to continue to pay regular dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited . 
 During 2022, Tradeweb Markets Inc. paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.08 per share, in an aggregate amount of 66.0 million, to the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 of this Report for information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased the following shares of Class A common stock: 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 (in thousands) October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 167,174 53.84 167,174 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 387,198 64.57 387,198 275,000 Total 554,372 61.33 554,372 
 (1) On February 4, 2021, we announced that our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ), primarily to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program authorized the purchase of up to 150.0 million of our Class A common stock at the Company s discretion through the end of fiscal year 2023. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program was effected through regular open-market purchases (which included repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1). The 2021 Share Repurchase Program did not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and was able to be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. As of October 31, 2022, no shares remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. 
 On December 5, 2022, we announced that our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), to continue to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans, as well as to opportunistically repurchase our stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizes the purchase of up to 300.0 million of our Class A common stock at the Company s discretion and has no termination date. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be effected through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), through privately negotiated transactions or through accelerated share repurchases, each in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. 
 Each share of Class A common stock repurchased pursuant to the 2021 and 2022 Share Repurchase Programs was funded with the proceeds, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, from the repurchase by Tradeweb Markets LLC of an LLC Interest from the Corporation in order to maintain the one-to-one ratio between outstanding shares of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock and the LLC Interests owned by the Corporation. 
 The table above does not reflect shares surrendered to cover the payroll tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs and restricted stock units RSUs ). During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company withheld 25,630 shares of common stock from employee stock option, PRSU and/or RSU awards. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison from April 4, 2019 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on Nasdaq) through December 31, 2022 of the cumulative total return for (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the S P 500 Index and (iii) the Dow Jones U.S. Financials Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 in our Class A common stock and in each index on April 4, 2019, and that all dividends were reinvested. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance . 
 
 The stock performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the sections titled Introductory Note , Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and other information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the sections titled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following discussion includes a comparison of our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and capital resources for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A comparison of our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and capital resources from the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 may be found in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leader in building and operating electronic marketplaces for our global network of clients across the financial ecosystem. Our network is comprised of clients across the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors, including many of the largest global asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, central banks, banks and dealers, proprietary trading firms and retail brokerage and financial advisory firms, as well as regional dealers. Our marketplaces facilitate trading across a range of asset classes, including rates, credit, equities and money markets. We are a global company serving clients in over 65 countries with offices in North America, Europe and Asia. We believe our proprietary technology and culture of collaborative innovation allow us to adapt our offerings to enter new markets, create new platforms and solutions and adjust to regulations quickly and efficiently. We support our clients by providing solutions across the trade lifecycle, including pre-trade, execution, post-trade and data. 
 Our institutional client sector serves institutional investors in over 65 countries around the globe and across over 25 currencies. We connect institutional investors with pools of liquidity using our flexible order and trading systems. Our clients trust the integrity of our markets and recognize the value they get by trading electronically: enhanced transparency, competitive pricing, efficient trade execution and regulatory compliance. 
 In our wholesale client sector, we provide a broad range of electronic, voice and hybrid platforms to more than 300 dealers and financial institutions with more than 100 actively trading on our electronic or hybrid markets with our Dealerweb platform. This platform was launched in 2008 following the acquisition of inter-dealer broker Hilliard Farber Co., Inc. In 2011, we acquired the brokerage assets of Rafferty Capital Markets and in June 2021, we acquired Nasdaq s U.S. fixed income electronic trading platform (formerly known as eSpeed) (the NFI Acquisition ). Today, Dealerweb actively competes across a range of rates, credit, money markets, derivatives and equity markets. 
 In our retail client sector, we provide advanced trading solutions for financial advisory firms and traders with our Tradeweb Direct platform. We entered the retail sector in 2006 and launched our Tradeweb Direct platform following the 2013 acquisition of BondDesk Group LLC, which was built to bring innovation and efficiency to the wealth management community. Tradeweb Direct has provided financial advisory firms access to live offerings, accurate pricing in the marketplace and fast execution. 
 Our markets are large and growing. Electronic trading continues to increase across the markets in which we operate as a result of market demand for greater transparency, higher execution quality, operational efficiency and lower costs, as well as regulatory changes. We believe our deep client relationships, asset class breadth, geographic reach, regulatory knowledge and scalable technology position us to continue to be at the forefront of the evolution of electronic trading. Our platforms provide transparent, efficient, cost-effective and compliant trading solutions across multiple products, regions and regulatory regimes. As market participants seek to trade across multiple asset classes, reduce their costs of trading and increase the effectiveness of their trading, including through the use of data and analytics, we believe the demand for our platforms and electronic trading solutions will continue to grow. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance 
 CEO Transition 
 On February 16, 2022, we announced that Mr. Lee Olesky would retire as Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company, effective December 31, 2022. On February 11, 2022, the board of directors elected our then-current President, Mr. Billy Hult, to succeed Mr. Olesky as CEO of the Company, effective January 1, 2023. Following his retirement as CEO, Mr. Olesky has continued in his role as Chairman of the board of directors. 
 As of the beginning of Mr. Olesky s six month notice period under our 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, there were (i) approximately 6.7 million in total unamortized stock-based compensation associated with equity awards previously granted to Mr. Olesky plus (ii) 5.0 million in unamortized stock-based compensation awards granted to Mr. Olesky during 2022 that were accelerated and amortized into expense over a revised estimated service period that ended on August 11, 2022, the date that such six month notice period ended. In addition, in December 2022, 5.5 million in stock-based compensation awards, relating to 2022 performance, were granted to Mr. Olesky and immediately recognized into expense upon grant. Of these amounts, 3.1 million represents regular amortization that would have been recognized through August 11, 2022 if Mr. Olesky had not announced his retirement and 14.1 million represents accelerated stock-based compensation (the CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense that is excluded from our non-GAAP measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income as it is recorded as expense. Total amortization amounts disclosed were based on a 100 multiplier achieved for the 2022 performance-based restricted stock units and were adjusted, up by 0.7 million, based on the final performance multiplier achieved for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for further details. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a total of 15.0 million in CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense and related payroll taxes. 
 President Transition 
 On July 13, 2022, we announced that the board of directors appointed Mr. Thomas Pluta as our next President effective as of January 1, 2023. Mr. Pluta succeeded Mr. Hult in this role, when, as previously announced and discussed above, Mr. Hult assumed the position of CEO of the Company on January 1, 2023. Mr. Pluta joined the Company as President-elect on October 3, 2022. Upon announcement, Mr. Pluta was a standing non-independent member of our board of directors and has remained on the board in his new role. 
 CFO Transition 
 On August 30, 2021, our Board of Directors appointed Sara Furber to serve as our new Chief Financial Officer CFO ), effective September 7, 2021. She succeeded Robert Warshaw, our former CFO, who left the Company following a period of transition ending on January 4, 2022. In connection with her employment offer, Ms. Furber was granted RSUs and PRSUs with grant date fair values totaling 3.9 million, collectively referred to as the CFO Special Equity Awards . See Note 13 Stock-Based Compensation Plans to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details of the CFO Special Equity Awards. As of August 30, 2021, there was approximately 1.8 million in unamortized stock-based compensation expense associated with equity awards previously granted to Mr. Warshaw, which was accelerated and amortized into expense over a revised estimated service period ending on January 4, 2022 (the Former CFO Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a total of 1.3 million in GAAP stock-based compensation expense relating to the CFO Special Equity Awards and 1.7 million relating to the Former CFO Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense. The Former CFO Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense is excluded from our non-GAAP measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income. 
 COVID-19 
 Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been focused on keeping our employees safe, helping our staff and clients stay connected and ensuring our platforms operate efficiently. Throughout the pandemic, we implemented a series of measures to protect the health and safety of our employees. During 2022, we, like many companies, began to transition our workforce back to the office. Our office re-entry policy set out guidance to protect employee safety and implement, at a minimum, the local regulations including, where applicable, masking mandates, vaccination status for in-person work, quarantine time, testing requirements, appropriate distancing measures and capacity limitations. Our Workplace Safety Committee is governed by the heads of Risk, Human Resources, Facilities, Operations, Technology, and Marketing and meets in frequencies determined by the necessity and severity of the current conditions. We will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19, including any related variants, and will adjust our plans accordingly. 
 In light of the market volatility and economic disruption that has arise n in the wake of the pandemic, we have worked closely with our clients to provide flexible, stable, resilient and secure access to our platforms across our multi-asset offerings so they can reliably manage their core cash and derivatives needs in the diverse geographic, product and customer sector markets we serve. Our employees and clients together have adapted to working remotely or on a hybrid basis. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 We are focused on minimizing any future disruptive impact of COVID-19 on our business. Although we have implemented risk management and contingency plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, our efforts to mitigate the effects of any disruptions may prove to be inadequate. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented and continuously evolving, COVID-19, including any related variants, may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or in a manner that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Economic Environment 
 Our business is impacted by the overall market activity and, in particular, trading volumes and market volatility. Lower volatility may result in lower trading volume for our clients and may negatively impact our operating performance and financial condition. Factors that may impact market activity in 2023 include, among other things, evolving monetary policies of central banks, economic, political and social conditions, and legislative, regulatory or government policy changes. 
 Because the majority of our financial assets are short-term in nature, they are not significantly affected by inflation. However, the rate of inflation may affect our expenses, such as employee compensation and benefits and technology and communication expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in the prices of our services. We believe any effects of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition have not been significant during any of the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To the extent inflation, along with other factors, continue to result in rising interest rates and have other adverse effects on the securities markets and the overall economy, they may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 While our business is impacted by the overall activity of the market and market volatility, our revenues consist of a mix of fixed and variable fees that partially mitigates this impact. More importantly, we are actively engaged in the further electronification of trading activities, which will help mitigate this impact as we believe secular growth trends can partially offset market volatility risk. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulations in the United States and internationally, which may expose us to significant regulatory risk and cause additional legal costs to ensure compliance. See Part I, Item 1. Business Regulation. The existing legal framework that governs the financial markets is periodically reviewed and amended, resulting in enforcement of new laws and regulations that apply to our business. The current regulatory environment in the United States and abroad may be subject to future legislative and regulatory changes driven by U.S. and global issues and priorities. The impact of any changes in the legal or regulatory landscape on us and our operations remains uncertain. Compliance with regulations may require us to dedicate additional financial and operational resources, which may adversely affect our profitability. In addition, compliance with regulations may require our clients to dedicate significant financial and operational resources, which may negatively affect their ability to pay our fees and use our platforms and, as a result, our profitability. However, under certain circumstances regulation may increase demand for our platforms and solutions, and we believe we are well positioned to benefit from any potential increased electronification due to regulatory changes as market participants seek platforms that meet regulatory requirements and solutions that help them comply with their regulatory obligations. 
 Competitive Environment 
 We and our competitors compete to introduce innovations in market structure and new electronic trading capabilities. While we endeavor to be a leader in innovation, new trading capabilities of our competitors are also adopted by market participants. On the one hand, this increases liquidity and electronification for all participants, but it also puts pressure on us to further invest in our technology and to innovate to ensure the continued growth of our network of clients and continued improvement of liquidity, electronic processing and pricing on our platforms. Our ability to compete is influenced by key factors such as (i) developments in trading platforms and solutions, (ii) the liquidity we provide on transactions, (iii) the transaction costs we incur in providing our solutions, (iv) the efficiency in execution of transactions on our platforms, (v) our ability to hire and retain talent and (vi) our ability to maintain the security of our platforms and solutions. Our competitive position is also influenced by the familiarity and integration of our clients with our electronic, voice and hybrid systems. When either a client wants to trade in a new product or we want to introduce a new product, trading protocol or other solution, we believe we benefit from our clients familiarity with our offerings as well as our integration into their order management systems and back offices. See Part I, Item 1. Business Competition for more detail on our competitors. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Technology and Cybersecurity Environment 
 Our business and its success are largely impacted by the introduction of increasingly complex and sophisticated technology systems and infrastructures and new business models. Offering specialized trading venues and solutions through the development of new and enhanced platforms is essential to maintaining our level of competitiveness in the market and attracting new clients seeking platforms that provide advanced automation and better liquidity. We believe we will continue to increase demand for our platforms and solutions and the volume of transactions on our platforms, and thereby enhance our client relationships, by responding to new trading and information requirements through utilizing technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in an effective and efficient way. We plan to continue to focus on and invest in technology infrastructure initiatives and continually improve and expand our platforms and solutions to further enhance our market position. We experience cyber-threats and attempted security breaches. If these were successful, these cybersecurity incidents could impact revenue and operating income and increase costs. We therefore continue to make investments to strengthen our cybersecurity infrastructure, which may result in increased costs. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Environment 
 We earn revenues, pay expenses, hold assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect our results of operations from period to period. In particular, fluctuations in exchange rates for non-U.S. dollar currencies may reduce the U.S. dollar value of revenues, earnings and cash flows we receive from non-U.S. markets, increase our operating expenses (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. Future fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and their impact on our results of operations and financial condition are inherently uncertain. As we continue to grow the size of our global operations, these fluctuations may be material. See Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Foreign Currency and Derivative Risk elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the change in revenue and operating income caused by fluctuations in foreign currency rates and realized and unrealized gains/losses from foreign currency during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 On February 16, 2023, the Board of Directors (the Board appointed Mr. Troy Dixon as an independent director of the Board, effective as of March 1, 2023. Mr. Dixon is the Founder and Chief Investment Officer of Hollis Park Partners LP, an alternative asset manager that specializes in structured products, a position he has held since 2013. Mr. Dixon has nearly thirty years of industry experience, including leading residential mortgage-backed securities trading at UBS Inc. from 2002 to 2006 and at Deutsche Bank from 2006 to 2013. 
 
 Taxation 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions, we became the sole manager of TWM LLC. As a result, beginning with the second quarter of 2019, we became subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income of TWM LLC and are taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. Our actual effective tax rate is impacted by our ownership share of TWM LLC, which has increased over time primarily due to Continuing LLC Owners redeeming or exchanging their LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, and our purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners. Furthermore, in connection with the IPO, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement pursuant to which we began to make payments in January 2021, and we expect future payments to be significant. We intend to continue to cause TWM LLC to make distributions in an amount sufficient to allow us to pay our tax obligations, operating expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and our quarterly cash dividends, as and when declared by our board of directors. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law. The IRA establishes a 15 corporate minimum tax effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022, and imposes a 1 excise tax on the repurchase after December 31, 2022 of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations. We are currently evaluating the impacts, if any, of the provisions of the IRA however, do not expect a material impact to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We do not currently anticipate the adoption of the IRA will have an impact to our non-GAAP adjusted effective tax rate used for purposes of calculating our non-GAAP measure of Adjusted Net Income. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Our revenue is derived primarily from transaction fees, commissions, subscription fees and market data fees. 
 Transaction Fees and Commissions 
 We earn transaction fees from transactions executed on our trading platforms through various fee plans. Transaction fees are generated on both a variable and fixed price basis and vary by geographic region, product type and trade size. For most of our products, clients pay both fixed minimum monthly transaction fees and variable transaction fees on a per transaction basis in excess of the monthly minimum. For certain of our products, clients also pay a subscription fee in addition to the minimum monthly transaction fee. For other products, instead of a minimum monthly transaction fee, clients pay a subscription fee and a fixed transaction fee or variable transaction fees on a per transaction basis. For variable transaction fees, we charge clients fees based on the mix of products traded and the volume of transactions executed. 
 Transaction volume is determined by using either a measure of the notional volume of the products traded or a count of the number of trades. We typically charge higher fees for products that are less actively traded. In addition, because transaction fees are sometimes subject to fee plans with tiered pricing based on product mix, volume, monthly minimums and monthly maximum fee caps, average transaction fees per million generated for a client may vary each month depending on the mix of products and volume traded. Furthermore, because transaction fees vary by geographic region, product type and trade size, our revenues may not correlate with volume growth. 
 We earn commission revenue from our electronic and voice brokerage services on a riskless principal basis. Riskless principal revenues are derived on matched principal transactions where revenues are earned on the spread between the buy and sell price of the transacted product. For TBA-MBS, U.S. treasury and repurchase agreement transactions executed by our wholesale clients, we also generate revenue from fixed commissions that are generally invoiced monthly. 
 Subscription Fees 
 We earn subscription fees primarily for granting clients access to our markets for trading and market data. For a limited number of products, we only charge subscription fees and no transaction fees or commissions. Subscription fees are generally generated on a fixed price basis. 
 For purposes of our discussion of our results of operations, we include Refinitiv market data fees in subscription fees. We earn fixed license fees from our market data license agreement with Refinitiv. We also earn royalties from Refinitiv for referrals of new Eikon (a Refinitiv data platform) customers based on customer conversion rates. Royalties may fluctuate from period to period depending on the numbers of customer conversions achieved by Refinitiv during the applicable royalty fee earning period, which is typically five years from the date of the initial referral. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Employee compensation and benefits expense consists of wages, employee benefits, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation cost and related taxes. Factors that influence employee compensation and benefits expense include revenue and earnings growth, hiring new employees and trading activity which generates broker commissions. We expect employee compensation and benefits expense to increase as we hire additional employees to support revenue and earnings growth. As a result, employee compensation and benefits can vary from period to period. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense consists of costs relating to the depreciation and amortization of acquired and internally developed software, other intangible assets, leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists of travel and entertainment, marketing, value-added taxes, state use taxes, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts entered into for foreign exchange risk management purposes, charitable contributions, other administrative expenses and credit loss expense. We expect general and administrative expense to increase as we expand the number of our employees and product offerings and grow our operations. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Technology and Communications 
 Technology and communications expense consists of costs relating to software and hardware maintenance, our internal network connections, data center costs, clearance and other trading platform related transaction costs and data feeds provided by third-party service providers, including Refinitiv. Factors that influence technology and communications expense include trading volumes and our investments in innovation, data strategy and cybersecurity. 
 Professional Fees 
 Professional fees consist primarily of accounting, tax and legal fees and fees paid to technology and software consultants to maintain our trading platforms and infrastructure, as well as costs related to business acquisition transactions. 
 Occupancy 
 Occupancy expense consists of operating lease rent and related costs for office space and data centers leased in North America, Europe and Asia. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Adjustment 
 The tax receivable agreement liability adjustment reflects changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our tax savings. 
 Net Interest Income (Expense) 
 Interest income consists of interest earned from our cash deposited with large commercial banks and money market funds. Interest expense consists of commitment fees payable on, and, if applicable, interest payable on any borrowings outstanding under, the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Income (Loss) from Investments 
 Income (loss) from investments consists of income and losses earned from investments. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our taxable income, including our allocable share of any taxable income of TWM LLC, and are taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. TWM LLC is a multiple member limited liability company taxed as a partnership and accordingly any taxable income generated by TWM LLC is passed through to and included in the taxable income of its members, including to us. Income taxes also include unincorporated business taxes on income earned or losses incurred for conducting business in certain state and local jurisdictions, income taxes on income earned or losses incurred in foreign jurisdictions on certain operations and federal and state income taxes on income earned or losses incurred, both current and deferred, on subsidiaries that are taxed as corporations for U.S. tax purposes. 
 Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests 
 We are the sole manager of TWM LLC. As a result of this control, and because we have a substantial financial interest in TWM LLC, we consolidate the financial results of TWM LLC and report a non-controlling interest in our consolidated financial statements, representing the economic interests of TWM LLC held by Continuing LLC Owners. Income or loss is attributed to the non-controlling interests based on the relative ownership percentages of LLC Interests held during the period by us and any Continuing LLC Owners. 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions, the TWM LLC Agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (i) provide for LLC Interests and (ii) exchange all of the then existing membership interests in TWM LLC for LLC Interests. LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement, at the election of such holders, for newly issued shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as the case may be, on a one-for-one basis. In the event of such election by a Continuing LLC Owner, we may, at our option, effect a direct exchange of Class A common stock or Class B common stock for such LLC Interests of such Continuing LLC Owner in lieu of such redemption. In connection with any redemption or exchange, we will receive a corresponding number of LLC Interests, increasing our total ownership interest in TWM LLC. Following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO, we owned 64.3 of TWM LLC and Continuing LLC Owners owned the remaining 35.7 of TWM LLC. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 88.7 of TWM LLC and Continuing LLC Owners owned the remaining 11.3 of TWM LLC. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Total revenue 1,188,781 1,076,447 112,334 10.4 Total expenses 776,208 717,619 58,589 8.2 Operating income 412,573 358,828 53,745 15.0 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment 
 13,653 12,745 908 7.1 Net interest income (expense) 11,907 (1,590) 13,497 (848.9) Income (loss) from investments (1,000) (1,000) N/M Income before taxes 437,133 369,983 67,150 18.1 Provision for income taxes (77,520) (96,875) 19,355 (20.0) Net income 359,613 273,108 86,505 31.7 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 50,275 46,280 3,995 8.6 Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 309,338 226,828 82,510 36.4 
 N/M = not meaningful 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 
 of Total Revenue 
 of Total Revenue Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Transaction fees and commissions 950,269 79.9 846,354 78.6 103,915 12.3 Subscription fees (1) 
 228,643 19.2 219,609 20.4 9,034 4.1 Other 9,869 0.8 10,484 1.0 (615) (5.9) Total revenue 1,188,781 100.0 1,076,447 100.0 112,334 10.4 Components of total revenue growth: Constant currency change (2) 
 14.0 Foreign currency impact (3.6) Total revenue growth 10.4 
 (1) Subscription fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include 62.7 million and 61.2 million, respectively, of Refinitiv market data fees. 
 (2) Constant currency revenue change, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as total revenue change excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Total revenue excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations is calculated by translating the current period and prior period s total revenue using the annual average exchange rates for the prior period. We use constant currency change as a supplemental metric to evaluate our underlying total revenue performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing constant currency change provides a useful comparison of our total revenue performance and trends between periods. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Our diversified offering across products, client sectors and geographies supported sustained growth amidst a complex macroeconomic backdrop, including evolving central bank policy, sustained elevated volatility, economic concerns and a stronger U.S. dollar. The primary driver of the 112.3 million increase in revenue is related to a 103.9 million increase in transaction fees and commissions to 950.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 846.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased volumes and fees for rates derivatives products, municipals, U.S. ETFs, U.S. government bonds and U.S. corporate bonds. 
 Our total revenue by asset class for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Rates 605,406 562,878 42,528 7.6 Credit 331,803 292,437 39,366 13.5 Equities 93,474 71,076 22,398 31.5 Money Markets 49,958 44,294 5,664 12.8 Market Data 85,913 82,142 3,771 4.6 Other 22,227 23,620 (1,393) (5.9) Total revenue 1,188,781 1,076,447 112,334 10.4 
 Our variable and fixed revenues by asset class for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Rates 383,780 221,626 338,395 224,483 45,385 (2,857) 13.4 (1.3) Credit 305,760 26,043 266,367 26,070 39,393 (27) 14.8 (0.1) Equities 84,354 9,120 60,579 10,497 23,775 (1,377) 39.2 (13.1) Money Markets 32,306 17,652 27,884 16,410 4,422 1,242 15.9 7.6 Market Data 85,913 82,142 3,771 4.6 Other 22,227 23,620 (1,393) (5.9) Total revenue 806,200 382,581 693,225 383,222 112,975 (641) 16.3 (0.2) 
 The key drivers of the change in total revenue by asset class are summarized as follows: 
 Rates. Revenues from our rates asset class increased by 42.5 million or 7.6 to 605.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 562.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for rates derivatives products and U.S. government bonds, partially offset by lower trading volumes for mortgages as historically high mortgage rates and inflation during 2022 impacted issuance and trading activity in mortgage products. 
 Credit. Revenues from our credit asset class increased by 39.4 million or 13.5 to 331.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 292.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for municipals, U.S. corporate bonds and credit derivatives products. 
 Equities. Revenues from our equities asset class increased by 22.4 million or 31.5 to 93.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 71.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for U.S. and European ETFs. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Money Markets. Revenues from our money markets asset class increased by 5.7 million or 12.8 to 50.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 44.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements . 
 Market Data. Revenues from our market data asset class increased by 3.8 million or 4.6 to 85.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 82.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was derived primarily from increased third party market data fees and Refinitiv market data fees. 
 Other. Revenues from our other asset class decreased by 1.4 million or 5.9 , to 22.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 23.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to decreased fees from retail client fee minimums. 
 We generate revenue from a diverse portfolio of client sectors. Our total revenue by client sector for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Institutional 719,211 668,812 50,399 7.5 Wholesale 273,189 254,927 18,262 7.2 Retail 110,468 70,566 39,902 56.5 Market Data 85,913 82,142 3,771 4.6 Total revenue 1,188,781 1,076,447 112,334 10.4 
 Institutional. Revenues from our institutional client sector increased by 50.4 million or 7.5 to 719.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 668.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was derived primarily from increased volumes for rates derivatives products, U.S. ETFs and credit derivatives products, partially offset by lower trading volumes for mortgages as historically high mortgage rates and inflation during 2022 impacted issuance and trading activity in mortgage products. 
 Wholesale. Revenues from our wholesale client sector increased by 18.3 million or 7.2 to 273.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 254.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was derived primarily from increased volumes for U.S. government bonds. 
 Retail. Revenues from our retail client sector increased by 39.9 million or 56.5 to 110.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 70.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was derived primarily from increased volumes for municipals, U.S. corporate bonds and U.S. government bonds. 
 Market Data. Revenues from our market data client sector increased by 3.8 million or 4.6 to 85.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 82.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was derived primarily from increased third party market data fees and Refinitiv market data fees. 
 Our revenues and client base are also diversified by geography. Our total revenue by geography (based on client location) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues U.S. 760,642 673,223 87,419 13.0 International 428,139 403,224 24,915 6.2 Total revenue 1,188,781 1,076,447 112,334 10.4 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Revenues from U.S. clients increased by 87.4 million or 13.0 to 760.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 673.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher revenues for municipals, U.S. ETFs and U.S. corporate bonds. 
 International. Revenues from International clients increased by 24.9 million or 6.2 to 428.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 403.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Fluctuations in foreign currency rates decreased our total International revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 by 37.4 million when comparing to International revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 determined using constant currency foreign currency exchange rates. Excluding this foreign currency impact, international revenues increased by 62.3 million or 15.5 primarily due to higher revenues for rates derivatives products, European government bonds, credit derivatives products and European ETFs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) Employee compensation and benefits 432,421 407,260 25,161 6.2 Depreciation and amortization 178,879 171,308 7,571 4.4 Technology and communications 65,857 56,189 9,668 17.2 General and administrative 46,561 32,153 14,408 44.8 Professional fees 37,764 36,181 1,583 4.4 Occupancy 14,726 14,528 198 1.4 Total expenses 776,208 717,619 58,589 8.2 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits. Expenses related to employee compensation and benefits increased by 25.2 million or 6.2 to 432.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 407.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits as a result of increased employee headcount. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also incurred a total of 15.0 million in stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes relating to the CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense. See Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance CEO Transition for further details. During the year ended December 31, 2021 we incurred a total of 1.7 million of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our former CFO. 
 Depreciation and Amortization. Expenses related to depreciation and amortization increased by 7.6 million or 4.4 to 178.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 171.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily the result of assets acquired in connection with the NFI Acquisition. Also contributing to the increase were longer estimated useful lives of computer software and the adjusted fair value of the assets that were established in connection with pushdown accounting on October 1, 2018 (see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies Pushdown Accounting, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details). Assets which may have been fully depreciated or amortized prior to the application of pushdown accounting are still being depreciated or amortized in these periods. 
 Technology and Communications. Expenses related to technology and communications increased by 9.7 million or 17.2 to 65.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 56.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased investment in our data strategy and infrastructure and increased data and clearance fees driven primarily by higher trading volumes period over period. 
 General and Administrative. Expenses related to general and administrative costs increased by 14.4 million or 44.8 to 46.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 32.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher travel and entertainment expenses, as the COVID-19 pandemic contributed to a reduction in expenses during 2021. Also contributing to the increase were realized and unrealized foreign currency gains, which decreased by 2.4 million to 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily driven by the change in fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts used in connection with our foreign currency risk management program, partially offset by a decrease in foreign currency re-measurement losses on transactions in nonfunctional currencies. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Professional Fees. Expenses related to professional fees increased by 1.6 million or 4.4 to 37.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 36.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily the result of increased legal fees during 2022, partially offset by acquisition transaction costs related to the NFI Acquisition incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Occupancy. Expenses related to occupancy costs remained relatively flat at 14.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 14.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Adjustment 
 The tax receivable agreement liability adjustment increased by 0.9 million to 13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 12.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our tax savings. 
 Net Interest Income (Expense) 
 Net interest income increased by 13.5 million to 11.9 million of net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.6 million of net interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in interest income earned as a result of an increase in our average invested cash balance and an increase in interest rates period over period. 
 Income (Loss) From Investments 
 Our net loss from investments increased to 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to a write-off of an investment that was determined to be uncollectible. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense decreased by 19.4 million to 77.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 96.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for income taxes includes U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign taxes. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 17.7 , compared with 26.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to the state and local taxes including the tax impact of state apportionment rates changes on total tax expense as a result of the remeasurement of the Company s net tax deferred asset, the effect of non-controlling interests and the tax impact of the exercise of equity compensation. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 While inflation may impact our revenues and operating expenses, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition have not been significant during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. However, there can be no assurance that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. See Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance Economic Environment above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs to meet operating expenses, debt service, acquisitions, other commitments and contractual obligations. We consider liquidity in terms of cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. 
 Historically, we have generated significant cash flows from operations and have funded our business operations through cash on hand and cash flows from operations. 
 Our primary cash needs are for day to day operations, working capital requirements, clearing margin requirements, capital expenditures primarily for software and equipment, our expected dividend payments and our share repurchase program. In addition, we are obligated to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to fund our short and long-term liquidity requirements through cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from operations. While historically we have generated significant and adequate cash flows from operations, in the case of an unexpected event in the future or otherwise, we may fund our liquidity requirements through borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 We believe that our projected cash position, cash flows from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our future liquidity requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors. For example, any future investments, acquisitions, joint ventures or other similar transactions, which we consider from time to time, may reduce our cash balance or require additional capital. In addition, our ability to continue to meet our future liquidity requirements will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flows from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. In the event we require any additional capital, it will take the form of equity or debt financing, or both, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.3 billion and 972.0 million, respectively. All cash and cash equivalents were held in accounts with financial institutions or money market funds such that the funds are immediately available or in fixed term deposits with a maximum maturity of three months. 
 Factors Influencing Our Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Dividend Policy 
 Subject to legally available funds, we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock equal to 0.09 per share. As discussed below, our ability to pay these quarterly cash dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will depend on distributions to us from TWM LLC. 
 The declaration, amount and payment of any dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our and our subsidiaries results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws and other factors that our board of directors deem relevant. Because we are a holding company and all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, we expect to pay dividends, if any, only from funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is dependent on the earnings and distributions of funds from our subsidiaries. As the sole manager of TWM LLC, we intend to cause, and will rely on, TWM LLC to make distributions in respect of LLC Interests to fund our dividends. If TWM LLC is unable to cause these subsidiaries to make distributions, it may have inadequate funds to distribute to us and we may be unable to fund our dividends. In addition, when TWM LLC makes distributions to us, the other holders of LLC Interests will be entitled to receive proportionate distributions based on their economic interests in TWM LLC at the time of such distributions. 
 Our board of directors will periodically review the cash generated from our business and the capital expenditures required to finance our growth plans and determine whether to modify the amount of regular dividends and/or declare any periodic special dividends. Any future determination to change the amount of dividends and/or declare special dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon then-existing conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Organizational Structure and Governance Our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC, and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from TWM LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock We intend to continue to pay regular dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited. 
 Cash Dividends 
 On February 2, 2023, the board of directors of Tradeweb Markets Inc. declared a cash dividend of 0.09 per share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock for the first quarter of 2023. This dividend will be payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 1, 2023. The February 2023 dividend declaration of 0.09 represents a 12.5 per share increase from our historical quarterly dividend of 0.08 per share. During 2022, Tradeweb Markets Inc. paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.08 per share to holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, in an aggregate amount totaling 66.0 million. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Distributions 
 On February 2, 2023, Tradeweb Markets Inc., as the sole manager, approved a distribution by TWM LLC to its equityholders, including Tradeweb Markets Inc., in an aggregate amount of 20.3 million, as adjusted by required state and local tax withholdings that will be determined prior to the record date of March 1, 2023, payable on March 13, 2023. 
 During 2022, TWM LLC made quarterly cash distributions to its equityholders in an aggregate amount totaling 88.4 million, including distributions to Tradeweb Markets Inc. totaling 77.5 million and distributions to non-controlling interests totaling 10.9 million. The proceeds of the cash distributions were used by Tradeweb Markets Inc. to fund dividend payments, taxes and expenses. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 4, 2021, we announced that our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ), primarily to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program authorized the purchase of up to 150.0 million of our Class A common stock at the Company s discretion through the end of fiscal year 2023. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program was effected through regular open-market purchases (which included repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1). The amounts and timing of the repurchases were subject to general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our Class A common stock. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program did not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and was able to be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired a total of 959,869 shares of Class A common stock, at an average price of 77.43, for purchases totaling 74.3 million pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, no shares remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. 
 On December 5, 2022, we announced that our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), to continue to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans, as well as to opportunistically repurchase our stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizes the purchase of up to 300.0 million of our Class A common stock at the Company s discretion and has no termination date. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be effected through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), through privately negotiated transactions or through accelerated share repurchases, each in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The amounts, timing and manner of the repurchases will be subject to general market conditions, the prevailing price and trading volumes of our Class A common stock and other factors. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired a total of 387,198 shares of Class A common stock, at an average price of 64.57, for purchases totaling 25.0 million pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 275.0 million remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Other Share Repurchases 
 In addition to the share repurchase programs discussed above, we may also withhold shares to cover the payroll tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of PRSUs and RSUs. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company withheld 1,074,467 and 983,072 shares, respectively, of common stock from employee stock option, PRSU and RSU awards, at an average price per share of 94.64 and 72.25, respectively, and an aggregate value of 101.7 million and 71.0 million, respectively, based on the price of the Class A common stock on the date the relevant withholding occurred. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 We are obligated to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. See Note 10 Tax Receivable Agreement to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding the requirements for these payments. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will vary, we expect the payments required will be significant. Any payments made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flows that might have otherwise been available to us or to TWM LLC. These payments will offset some of the tax benefits that we expect to realize as a result of the ownership structure of TWM LLC. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. The first payment of the Tax Receivable Agreement was made in January 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total amounts due to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement were 425.7 million, substantially all due to be paid over 15 years following the purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners or redemption or exchanges by Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities under the Tax Receivable Agreement include amounts to be paid to Continuing LLC Owners, assuming we will have sufficient taxable income over the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement to utilize the related tax benefits. In determining the estimated timing of payments, the current year s taxable income is used to extrapolate an estimate of future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, we had the following obligations expected to be paid pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement: 
 Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years More than 5 years (in thousands) Tax receivable agreement liability 425,724 5,791 77,677 42,340 299,916 
 In addition to the above, our tax receivable agreement liability and future payments thereunder are expected to increase as we realize (or are deemed to realize) an increase in tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from any future purchases, redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners. We currently expect to fund these future tax receivable agreement liability payments from some of the realized cash tax savings as a result of this increase in tax basis. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no outstanding indebtedness. 
 On April 8, 2019, TWM LLC entered into the Revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks. The Revolving Credit Facility was subsequently amended on November 7, 2019. The Revolving Credit Facility provides borrowing capacity to be used to fund our ongoing working capital needs, letters of credit and for general corporate purposes, including potential future acquisitions and expansions. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility permits borrowings of up to 500.0 million by TWM LLC. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, we will be able to increase the Revolving Credit Facility by 250.0 million with the consent of lenders participating in the increase. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for the issuance of up to 5.0 million of letters of credit as well as borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as swingline loans, in an amount of up to 30.0 million. The Revolving Credit Facility will mature on April 8, 2024. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 0.5 million in letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility and no borrowings outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, we had availability of 499.5 million. 
 Under the terms of the credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a base rate equal to the greatest of (i) the administrative agent s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus of 1.0 and (iii) one month LIBOR plus 1.0 , in each case plus 0.75 , or (b) LIBOR plus 1.75 , subject to a 0.00 floor. The credit agreement also requires that we pay a commitment fee of 0.25 for available but unborrowed amounts. We are also required to pay customary letter of credit fees and agency fees. 
 We have the option to voluntarily repay outstanding loans at any time without premium or penalty other than customary breakage costs with respect to LIBOR loans. 
 There will be no scheduled amortization under the Revolving Credit Facility. The principal amount outstanding will be due and payable in full at maturity. 
 Obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by our existing and future direct and indirect material wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of TWM LLC and the guarantors under the facility, subject to certain exceptions. 
 The credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict the ability of TWM LLC and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 
 create or incur liens; 
 pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; 
 make investments, loans and advances; and 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 enter into certain transactions with affiliates. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains a financial covenant requiring compliance with a (i) maximum total net leverage ratio tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter not to exceed 3.5 to 1.0 (increasing to 4.0 to 1.0 for the four-quarter period following a material acquisition and the fiscal quarter in which such material acquisition is consummated) and (ii) minimum cash interest coverage ratio tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter not less than 3.0 to 1.0. 
 The credit agreement that governs the Revolving Credit Facility also contains certain affirmative covenants and events of default customary for facilities of this type, including relating to a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Revolving Credit Facility and all actions permitted to be taken by secured creditors under applicable law. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all the covenants set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Operating Lease Obligations 
 We have operating leases for corporate offices and data centers with initial lease terms ranging from one to 10 years. Our operating lease obligations are primarily related to rental payments under lease agreements for office space in the United States and the United Kingdom through December 2027. In March 2022, the lease for our New York headquarters was extended for an amended term through December 2023, as we continue to evaluate our office space needs for the future. As of December 31, 2022, our operating lease liabilities totaled 27.9 million, with payments pursuant to these obligations due within the next 12 months and thereafter totaling 11.9 million and 17.5 million, respectively. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our business also requires continued investment in our technology for product innovation, proprietary technology architecture, operational reliability and cybersecurity. We expect total capital expenditures and software development costs for fiscal 2023 to be between 56 million and 62 million, compared to expenditures of 60.1 million in fiscal year 2022 and 51.3 million in fiscal year 2021, with the midpoint of our 2023 capital expenditure guidance at slightly lower than fiscal year 2022 due to the acceleration of certain infrastructure enhancements during 2022. 
 Other Cash and Liquidity Requirements 
 Certain of our U.S. subsidiaries are registered as broker-dealers, SEFs or introducing brokers and are subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and CFTC. These rules contain minimum net capital or other financial resource requirements, as defined in the applicable regulations. These rules may also require a significant part of the registrants assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Certain of our foreign subsidiaries are regulated by the FCA in the UK, the Nederlandsche Bank in the Netherlands, the Japanese Financial Services Agency, the Japanese Securities Dealers Association and other foreign regulators, and must maintain financial resources, as defined in the applicable regulations, in excess of the applicable financial resources requirement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, each of our regulated subsidiaries had maintained sufficient net capital or financial resources to at least satisfy their minimum requirements, which in aggregate were 69.1 million and 66.7 million, respectively. We maintain capital balances in these subsidiaries in excess of our minimum requirements in order to satisfy working capital needs and to ensure that we have enough cash on hand to satisfy margin requirements and credit risk, including the excess capital expectations of our clients. The Fixed Income Clearing Corporation FICC and some of our clearing brokers require us to post collateral on unsettled positions, included within deposits with clearing organizations in our consolidated statements of financial condition. Collateral amounts are marked to market on a daily basis, requiring us to pay or receive margin amounts as part of the daily funds settlement. Margin call requirements can vary significantly across periods based on daily market changes and may represent a significant and unpredictable use of our liquidity. 
 At times, transactions executed on our wholesale platform fail to settle due to the inability of a transaction party to deliver or receive the transacted security. Until the failed transaction settles, we will recognize a receivable from (and a matching payable to) brokers and dealers and clearing organizations for the proceeds from the unsettled transaction. The impact on our liquidity and capital resources is minimal as receivables and payables for failed transactions are usually recognized simultaneously and predominantly offset. However, from time to time, we enter into repurchase and/or reverse repurchase agreements to facilitate the clearance of securities relating to fails to deliver or receive. We seek to manage credit exposure related to these agreements to repurchase (or reverse repurchase), including the risk related to a decline in market value of collateral (pledged or received), by entering into agreements to repurchase with overnight or short-term maturity dates and only entering into repurchase transactions with netting members of the FICC. The FICC operates a continuous net settlement system, whereby as trades are submitted and compared, the FICC becomes the counterparty. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Working Capital 
 Working capital is defined as current assets minus current liabilities. Current assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations, deposits with clearing organizations, accounts receivable and receivable from affiliates. Current liabilities consist of payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations, accrued compensation, deferred revenue, payable to affiliates, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, lease liabilities and tax receivable agreement liability. Changes in working capital, which impact our cash flows provided by operating activities, can vary depending on factors such as delays in the collection of receivables, changes in our operating performance, changes in trading patterns, changes in client billing terms and other changes in the demand for our platforms and solutions. 
 Our working capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 1,257,229 972,048 Restricted cash 1,000 1,000 Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations 11,632 Deposits with clearing organizations 23,906 20,523 Accounts receivable 142,676 129,937 Receivable from affiliates 6 3,313 Total current assets 1,436,449 1,126,821 Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations 11,264 Accrued compensation 150,884 154,824 Deferred revenue 22,827 24,930 Payable to affiliates 1,414 4,860 Current portion of: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 51,917 38,214 Lease liabilities 11,265 7,534 Tax receivable agreement liability 5,791 9,078 Total current liabilities 255,362 239,440 Total working capital 1,181,087 887,381 
 Current Assets 
 Current assets increased to 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents (see Cash Flows below) . 
 Current Liabilities 
 Current liabilities increased to 255.4 million as of December 31, 2022 from 239.4 million as of December 31, 2021 primarily due an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, primarily as a result of an increase in current income tax expense. 
 See Other Cash and Liquidity Requirements above for a discussion on how capital requirements can impact our working capital. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 632,822 578,021 443,234 Net cash used in investing activities (60,096) (259,110) (62,536) Net cash used in financing activities (276,703) (136,100) (52,693) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (10,842) (2,043) 2,564 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 285,181 180,768 330,569 
 Operating Activities 
 Operating activities consist primarily of net income adjusted for noncash items that primarily include depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense and deferred tax expense. Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for accrued compensation (primarily in the first quarter) and other items impact reported cash flows. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 632.8 million, an increase of 54.8 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in net income during 2022, partially offset by changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities consist primarily of software development costs, investments in technology hardware, purchases of equipment and other tangible assets, business acquisitions and investments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 60.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of 36.9 million of capitalized software development costs and 23.2 million of purchases of furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements. Net cash used in investing activities was 259.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of 207.8 million in total net cash paid related to the NFI Acquisition (net of cash acquired), 34.5 million of capitalized software development costs and 16.9 million of purchases of furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 276.7 million, and was primarily driven by 99.3 million in share repurchases pursuant to our share repurchase programs, 91.5 million in payroll tax payments for options, PRSUs and RSUs, net of proceeds from stock-based compensation option exercises and 66.0 million in cash dividends to our Class A and Class B common stockholders. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 136.1 million, and was primarily driven by 75.7 million in share repurchases pursuant to our 2021 Share Repurchase Program and 64.6 million in cash dividends to our Class A and Class B common stockholders, partially offset by 22.1 million in net proceeds from stock-based compensation option exercises, net of related stock-based compensation payroll tax payments for options, PRSUs and RSUs. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Free Cash Flow 
 In addition to cash flow from operating activities presented in accordance with GAAP, we use Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP measure, to measure liquidity. Free Cash Flow is defined as cash flow from operating activities less non-acquisition related expenditures for capitalized software development costs and furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 We present Free Cash Flow because we believe it is a useful indicator of liquidity that provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated from our core operations after non-acquisition related expenditures for capitalized software development costs and furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Free Cash Flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider Free Cash Flow in isolation or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or any other liquidity measure determined in accordance with GAAP. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment. In addition, in evaluating Free Cash Flow, you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenditures similar to the adjustments in the presentation of Free Cash Flow. In addition, Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of our cash flow from operating activities to Free Cash Flow for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) 
 Cash flow from operating activities 632,822 578,021 443,234 Less: Capitalization of software development costs (36,882) (34,470) (31,046) Less: Purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements (23,214) (16,878) (11,490) Free Cash Flow 572,726 526,673 400,698 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 In addition to net income, net income margin and net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc., each presented in accordance with GAAP, we present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin as non-GAAP measures of our operating performance and Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per diluted share Adjusted Diluted EPS as non-GAAP measures of our profitability. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before net interest income/expense, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs, certain stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, unrealized gains and losses from outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, gains and losses from the revaluation of foreign denominated cash and income and loss from investments. 
 Adjusted EBIT is defined as net income before net interest income/expense and provision for income taxes, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs, certain stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction, unrealized gains and losses from outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, gains and losses from the revaluation of foreign denominated cash and income and loss from investments. 
 Net income margin is defined as net income, divided by revenue for the applicable period. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin are defined as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT, respectively, divided by revenue for the applicable period. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. For example, we exclude non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award as defined in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and post-IPO options awarded in 2019 to management and other employees as well as payroll taxes associated with exercises of such options during the applicable period. We believe it is useful to exclude this stock-based compensation expense and associated payroll taxes because the amount of expense associated with the Special Option Award and the post-IPO option awards in 2019 may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business and will vary across periods. Beginning on August 30, 2021, we also exclude the non-cash accelerated stock - based compensation expense associated with our former CFO and beginning on February 11, 2022 the incremental non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense associated with our retired CEO, the CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense discussed above under Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance CEO Transition, and related payroll taxes are also excluded, as we do not consider these expenses indicative of our core ongoing operating performance. The accelerated stock-based compensation expense associated with our former CFO and retired CEO was fully amortized on January 4, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively. In addition, we exclude the tax receivable agreement liability adjustments discussed below under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Tax Receivable Agreement. We believe it is useful to exclude the tax receivable agreement liability adjustment because the recognition of income during a period due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions, or other factors that may impact our tax savings, may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business and will vary across periods. We also believe it is useful to exclude merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs as the incremental direct costs related to acquisitions and the related integration are not indicative of our core ongoing operating performance. With respect to Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin, we believe it is useful to exclude the depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets resulting from acquisitions and the application of pushdown accounting to the Refinitiv Transaction in order to facilitate a period-over-period comparison of our financial performance. 
 Management and our board of directors use Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin to assess our financial performance and believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. Further, our executive incentive compensation is based in part on components of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 Adjusted Net Income is defined as net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. assuming the full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock of Tradeweb Markets Inc., adjusted for certain stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs, depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction, unrealized gains and losses from outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, gains and losses from the revaluation of foreign denominated cash and income and loss from investments. Adjusted Net Income also gives effect to certain tax related adjustments to reflect an assumed effective tax rate. Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined as Adjusted Net Income divided by the diluted weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding for the applicable period (including the effect of potentially dilutive securities determined using the treasury stock method), plus the weighted average number of other participating securities reflected in earnings per share using the two-class method, plus the assumed full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS as supplemental metrics to evaluate our business performance in a way that also considers our ability to generate profit without the impact of certain items. We exclude stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award and the post-IPO option awards in 2019 and payroll taxes associated with exercises of such options, non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense associated with our former CFO and related payroll taxes, CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs and acquisition and Refinitiv Transaction-related depreciation and amortization for the reasons described above. Each of the normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments described in the definition of Adjusted Net Income helps to provide management with a measure of our operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations or are non-cash expenses. In addition to excluding items that are non-recurring or may not be indicative of our ongoing operating performance, by assuming the full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests, we believe that Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS for Tradeweb Markets Inc. facilitate comparisons with other companies that have different organizational and tax structures, as well as comparisons period over period, because it eliminates the effect of any changes in net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. driven by increases in our ownership of TWM LLC, which are unrelated to our operating performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as alternatives to net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc., net income, net income margin, operating income, gross margin, earnings per share or any other financial measure derived in accordance with GAAP. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment and, as applicable, the reasons we consider it appropriate for supplemental analysis. In addition, in evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of net income and net income margin to Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Net income 
 359,613 273,108 218,390 Merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs (1) 
 1,069 5,073 Net interest (income) expense 
 (11,907) 1,590 316 Depreciation and amortization 
 178,879 171,308 153,789 Stock-based compensation expense (2) 
 20,409 16,509 13,025 Provision for income taxes 
 77,520 96,875 56,074 Foreign exchange (gains) / losses (3) 
 4,409 (4,702) 6,279 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (4) 
 (13,653) (12,745) (11,425) (Income) loss from investments 1,000 Adjusted EBITDA 
 617,339 547,016 436,448 Less: Depreciation and amortization 
 (178,879) (171,308) (153,789) Add: D A related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction (5) 
 126,659 124,580 110,187 Adjusted EBIT 
 565,119 500,288 392,846 Net income margin 
 30.3 25.4 24.5 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 51.9 50.8 48.9 Adjusted EBIT margin 
 47.5 46.5 44.0 
 (1) Represents incremental direct costs associated with the acquisition and integration of completed and potential mergers and acquisitions. These costs generally include legal, consulting, advisory, due diligence, severance and other third party costs incurred that directly relate to the acquisition transaction or its integration. 
 (2) Represents non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award and post-IPO options awarded in 2019 and payroll taxes associated with the exercise of such options totaling 5.4 million, 14.8 million and 13.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, this adjustment also includes 15.0 million of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our retired CEO. During the year ended December 31, 2021, this adjustment also includes 1.7 million of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our former CFO. 
 (3) Represents unrealized gain or loss recognized on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign exchange gain or loss from the revaluation of cash denominated in a different currency than the entity s functional currency. 
 (4) Represents income recognized during the applicable period due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our tax savings. 
 (5) Represents intangible asset and acquired software amortization resulting from the NFI Acquisition and intangible asset amortization and increased tangible asset and capitalized software depreciation and amortization resulting from the application of pushdown accounting to the Refinitiv Transaction (where all assets were marked to fair value as of the closing date of the Refinitiv Transaction). 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Basis Point Change Constant Currency Basis Point Change (1) 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin 51.9 50.8 111 bps 113 bps Adjusted EBIT margin 47.5 46.5 106 bps 116 bps 
 (1) The changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin, both on a constant currency basis, are non-GAAP financial measures, and are defined as the changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations are calculated by translating the current period and prior period s results using the annual average exchange rates for the prior period. We use the changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin on a constant currency basis as supplemental metrics to evaluate our underlying margin performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin on a constant currency basis provide useful comparisons of our Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin and trends between periods. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and net income, as applicable, to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands except per share amounts) Earnings per diluted share 
 1.48 1.09 0.88 Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 309,338 226,828 166,296 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (1) 
 50,275 46,280 52,094 Net income 
 359,613 273,108 218,390 Provision for income taxes 
 77,520 96,875 56,074 Merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs (2) 
 1,069 5,073 D A related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction (3) 
 126,659 124,580 110,187 Stock-based compensation expense (4) 
 20,409 16,509 13,025 Foreign exchange (gains) / losses (5) 
 4,409 (4,702) 6,279 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (6) 
 (13,653) (12,745) (11,425) (Income) loss from investments 
 1,000 Adjusted Net Income before income taxes 
 577,026 498,698 392,530 Adjusted income taxes (7) 
 (126,946) (109,713) (86,357) Adjusted Net Income 
 450,080 388,985 306,173 Adjusted Diluted EPS (8) 
 1.90 1.63 1.31 
 (1) Represents the reallocation of net income attributable to non-controlling interests from the assumed exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A or Class B common stock. 
 (2) Represents incremental direct costs associated with the acquisition and integration of completed and potential mergers and acquisitions. These costs generally include legal, consulting, advisory, due diligence, severance and other third party costs incurred that directly relate to the acquisition transaction or its integration. 
 (3) Represents intangible asset and acquired software amortization resulting from the NFI Acquisition and intangible asset amortization and increased tangible asset and capitalized software depreciation and amortization resulting from the application of pushdown accounting to the Refinitiv Transaction (where all assets were marked to fair value as of the closing date of the Refinitiv Transaction). 
 (4) Represents non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award and post-IPO options awarded in 2019 and payroll taxes associated with the exercise of such options totaling 5.4 million, 14.8 million and 13.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, this adjustment also includes 15.0 million of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our retired CEO. During the year ended December 31, 2021, this adjustment also includes 1.7 million of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our former CFO. 
 (5) Represents unrealized gain or loss recognized on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign exchange gain or loss from the revaluation of cash denominated in a different currency than the entity s functional currency. 
 (6) Represents income recognized during the applicable period due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our tax savings. 
 (7) Represents corporate income taxes at an assumed effective tax rate of 22 applied to Adjusted Net Income before income taxes for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (8) For a summary of the calculation of Adjusted Diluted EPS, see Reconciliation of Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding to Adjusted Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding and Adjusted Diluted EPS below. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the calculation of Adjusted Diluted EPS for the periods presented: 
 Reconciliation of Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding to Adjusted Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding and Adjusted Diluted EPS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Diluted weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding 
 208,400,040 207,254,840 188,223,032 Weighted average of other participating securities (1) 
 193,441 Assumed exchange of LLC Interests for shares of Class A or Class B common stock (2) 
 28,830,686 30,699,577 45,828,289 Adjusted diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 237,424,167 237,954,417 234,051,321 Adjusted Net Income (in thousands) 
 450,080 388,985 306,173 Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 1.90 1.63 1.31 
 (1) Represents weighted average unvested restricted stock units and unsettled vested performance-based restricted stock units issued to certain retired executives that are entitled to non-forfeitable dividend equivalent rights and are considered participating securities prior to being issued and outstanding shares of common stock in accordance with the two-class method used for purposes of calculating earnings per share. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the two-class method. 
 (2) Assumes the full exchange of the weighted average of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A or Class B common stock, resulting in the elimination of the non-controlling interests and recognition of the net income attributable to non-controlling interests. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP which requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are based on judgment and the best available information at the time. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, observance of trends in particular areas, information available from outside sources and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Information from these sources form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that may not be readily apparent from other sources. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Management evaluates its accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. 
 Management evaluated the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates and believes that the following policies are most critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties. Our most critical policies and estimates include revenue recognition, current and deferred income taxes and the tax receivable agreement liability. With respect to critical accounting policies and estimates, even a relatively minor variance between actual and expected experience can potentially have a materially favorable or unfavorable impact on subsequent results of operations. More information on all of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We enter into contracts with our clients to provide a stand-ready connection to our electronic marketplaces, which facilitates the execution of trades by our clients. The access to our electronic marketplaces, including market data and continuous pricing data refreshes and the processing of trades thereon are highly interrelated and are considered a single performance obligation satisfied over time as the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit from our performance. This performance obligation constitutes a series of services that are substantially the same in nature and are provided over time using the same measure of progress. For our services, we earn subscription fees for granting access to our electronic marketplaces. 
 We earn transaction fees and/or commissions from transactions executed on our trading platforms, including commission revenue from electronic and voice brokerage transacted on a riskless principal basis. Riskless principal revenues are derived on matched principal transactions where revenues are earned on the spread between the buy and sell price of the transacted product. Fixed monthly transaction fees or commissions or monthly transaction fee or commission minimums are generally earned on a monthly basis in the period the stand-ready trading services are provided. Variable transaction fee or commission revenue is recognized and recorded on a trade-date basis when the individual trade occurs. Variable discounts or rebates on transaction fees or commissions are generally earned and applied monthly or quarterly, are resolved within the same reporting period and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the relevant trades occur. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 We earn fees from Refinitiv relating to the sale of market data to Refinitiv, which redistributes that data. Included in these fees are real-time market data fees which are recognized monthly on a straight-line basis as Refinitiv receives and consumes the benefit evenly, over the contact period, as the data is provided, and fees for historical data sets which are recognized when the historical data set is provided to Refinitiv. 
 We are required to make significant judgments for the Refinitiv market data fees. Significant judgments used in accounting for this contract include the following determinations: 
 The provision of real-time market data feeds and annual historical data sets are distinct performance obligations. 
 The performance obligations under this contract are recognized over time from the initial delivery of the data feeds or each historical data set until the end of the contract term. 
 The transaction price for the performance obligations is determined by using a market assessment analysis. Inputs in this analysis include a consultant study which determined the overall value of our market data and pricing information for historical data sets provided by other companies. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no material changes in the assumptions used to determine the Refinitiv market data fees. 
 Income Taxes 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to its taxable income, including its allocable share of any taxable income of TWM LLC, and is taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. TWM LLC is a multiple member limited liability company taxed as a partnership and accordingly any taxable income generated by TWM LLC is passed through to and included in the taxable income of its members, including to us. TWM LLC records taxes for conducting business in certain state, local and foreign jurisdictions and records U.S. federal taxes for subsidiaries that are taxed as corporations for U.S. tax purposes. We currently record deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and measure the deferred taxes using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such temporary differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred taxes often involves the exercise of significant judgment related to the realization of tax basis. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our assessment that tax positions taken in filed tax returns and the resulting tax basis are more likely than not to be sustained if they are audited by taxing authorities. Assessing tax rates that we expect to apply and determining the years when the temporary differences are expected to affect taxable income requires judgment about the future apportionment of our income among the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any changes in our practices or judgments involved in the measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 In connection with recording deferred tax assets and liabilities, we record valuation allowances when we believe that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future. We evaluate our deferred tax assets quarterly to determine whether adjustments to our valuation allowance are appropriate in light of changes in facts or circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. In making this evaluation, we rely on our recent history of pre-tax earnings, our forecasts of future earnings and the nature and timing of future deductions and benefits represented by the deferred tax assets, all of which involve the exercise of significant judgment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we established a valuation allowance of none and 0.7 million on gross deferred tax assets totaling 698.1 million and 625.4 million, respectively. If forecasts of future earnings and the nature and estimated timing of future deductions and benefits change in the future, we may determine that existing valuation allowances must be revised or new valuation allowances created, any of which could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. See Note 9 Income Taxes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. Accrued interest and penalties are included within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition. A U.S. shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation CFC is required to include in income, as a deemed dividend, the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI of the CFC. We have elected to treat taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income of GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with TWM LLC and the Continuing LLC Owners which provides for the payment by Tradeweb Markets Inc. to a Continuing LLC Owner of 50 of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that Tradeweb Markets Inc. actually realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from such Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO, the October 2019 and April 2020 follow-on offerings and any future offering or (b) redemptions or exchanges by such Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to Tradeweb Markets Inc. making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Substantially all payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement are payable over the 15 years following the purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners or redemption or exchanges by Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests. The timing of the payments over the 15 year period is dependent upon our annual taxable income over the same period. In determining the estimated timing of payments, the current year s taxable income is used to extrapolate an estimate of future taxable income. This requires significant judgment relating to projecting future earnings, the geographic mix of those earnings and the timing of deferred taxes becoming current. 
 The impact of any changes in the total projected obligations recorded under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of actual changes in the geographic mix of our earnings, changes in tax legislation and tax rates or other factors that may impact our actual tax savings realized will be reflected in income before taxes in the period in which the change occurs. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Foreign Currency and Derivative Risk 
 We have global operations and substantial portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are generated and denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. 
 The following table shows the percentage breakdown of our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 of revenue denominated in foreign currencies (1) 
 28 29 29 of operating expenses denominated in foreign currencies (2) 
 15 15 14 
 (1) Revenue in foreign currencies is primarily denominated in euros. 
 (2) Operating expenses in foreign currencies are primarily denominated in British pounds sterling. 
 Revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies are recorded in the appropriate functional currency for the legal entity at the rate of exchange prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in non-functional currencies are then remeasured at the end of each reporting period at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Foreign currency remeasurement gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities in nonfunctional currencies are recognized in the consolidated statements of income within general and administrative expenses. Realized and unrealized gains/losses from foreign currency re-measurement of transactions in nonfunctional currencies recognized in the consolidated statements of income within general and administrative expense totaled a 2.3 million loss, a 4.0 million loss and a 1.3 million gain for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Since our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we also translate all non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenue and expense amounts are translated into U.S. dollars monthly at the average exchange rate for the month. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency assets and liabilities are translated at the rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Gains or losses on translation in the financial statements, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included as a component of other comprehensive income. Accordingly, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against the other currencies will affect our operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Aside from U.S. dollars, a significant portion of our revenues are denominated in euros and a significant portion of our expenses are denominated in British pound sterling. The following table shows the average foreign currency exchange rates to the U.S. dollar for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Euros 1.05 1.18 1.14 British pound sterling 1.24 1.38 1.28 
 The following table shows the change in revenue and operating income caused by fluctuations in foreign currency rates used in translation during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended Impact of Foreign Currency Rate Fluctuations (amounts in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Increase (decrease) in revenue (38,300) 11,300 4,500 Increase (decrease) in operating income (26,200) 5,200 4,000 
 The following table shows the impact a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the U.S. dollar against all other currencies and a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in only euro or only British pound sterling exchange rates would have on the translation of actual revenue and operating income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended Hypothetical 10 Change in Value of U.S. Dollar (amounts in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 All currencies Effect of 10 change on revenue +/- 36,400 +/- 34,900 +/- 28,900 Effect of 10 change on operating income +/- 
 23,800 +/- 
 23,000 +/- 18,900 Euros Effect of 10 change on revenue +/- 33,300 +/- 32,000 +/- 26,300 Effect of 10 change on operating income +/- 32,100 +/- 31,000 +/- 25,900 British pound sterling Effect of 10 change on revenue +/- 1,400 +/- 1,500 +/- 1,300 Effect of 10 change on operating income +/- 8,500 +/- 7,700 +/- 7,100 
 We have derivative risk relating to our foreign currency forward contracts. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate our U.S. dollar and British pound sterling versus euro exposure, generally with a duration of not more than 12 months. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or s peculative purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amount of our foreign currency forward contracts was 162.8 million and 146.2 million , respectively. Realized and unrealized gains/losses on foreign currency forward contracts totaled a 4.9 million gain, a 9.0 million gain and a 6.3 million loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 By using derivative instruments to hedge exposures to foreign currency fluctuations, we are exposed to credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, we are not exposed to the counterparty s credit risk in those circumstances. We attempt to minimize counterparty credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties whose credit rating is at least upper-medium investment grade. 
 Credit Risk 
 We have credit risk relating to our receivables, which are primarily receivables from financial institutions, including investment managers and brokers and dealers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses with regard to these receivables totaled 0.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 In the normal course of our business we, as an agent, execute transactions with, and on behalf of, other brokers and dealers. If these transactions do not settle because of failure to perform by either counterparty, we may be obligated to discharge the obligation of the non-performing party and, as a result, may incur a loss if the market value of the instrument is different than the contractual amount. This credit risk exposure can be directly impacted by volatile trading markets, as our clients may be unable to satisfy their contractual obligations during volatile trading markets. 
 Our policy is to monitor our market exposure and counterparty risk. Counterparties are evaluated for creditworthiness and risk assessment prior to our initiating contract activities. The counterparties creditworthiness is then monitored on an ongoing basis, and credit levels are reviewed to ensure that there is not an inappropriate concentration of credit outstanding to any particular counterparty. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also recognized losses totaling 1.0 million, related to the write-off of an investment that was determined to be uncollectible. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID N o. 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 99 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 102 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Tradeweb Markets Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Income Taxes - Refer to Note 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Corporation or the Company which refers to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries) is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to its taxable income, including its allocable share of any taxable income of Tradeweb Markets LLC (TWM LLC), and is taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. TWM LLC is a multiple member limited liability company taxed as a partnership and accordingly, any taxable income generated by TWM LLC is passed through to and included in the taxable income of its members, including the Corporation. The Company has deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The Company also records uncertain tax positions and recognizes the amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Auditing management s estimates related to income taxes required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists, when performing procedures to audit the application of relevant domestic and foreign income tax laws, income allocations and apportionment among the taxing jurisdictions, and the flow-through of earnings to the partners of TWM LLC. Given the Company s legal structure, the multiple jurisdictions in which the Company files its tax returns, and the breadth of applicable tax laws and regulations, auditing management s tax balances is complex. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to income taxes included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over income tax balances, including the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we assessed the Company s provision for income taxes by: 
 
 Evaluating the Company s income tax provision calculation, including: (1) testing the appropriateness of income tax rates applied by agreeing to applicable Federal and state tax laws, (2) testing the accuracy of income allocations and apportionment among the taxing jurisdictions based on the Company s structure, source of revenues, and other factors, (3) testing, on a sample basis, the completeness and accuracy of book to tax differences, and (4) testing the mathematical accuracy of the income tax provision calculation. 
 
 Evaluating the Company s analyses supporting its conclusions, in the context of the Company s specific structure, as to the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities, including the calculation of the deferred tax asset related to the tax basis step-up received in connection with the Company s equity public offerings. We considered whether permanent and temporary differences had been appropriately identified by evaluating the Company s trial balance and transactions and applying tax specialist s knowledge of tax laws and the Company s business. We also tested that the tax rates used to measure the deferred tax assets and liabilities were appropriate in accordance with Federal and state tax laws. 
 
 Evaluating both positive and negative evidence in management s assessment of the Company s ability to utilize the deferred tax assets in future years to conclude if it is appropriate to continue to recognize a deferred tax asset. 
 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the recognition, measurement and accuracy of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits UTB to determine if they have been correctly recognized if they meet the more likely than not threshold to be realized. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Refer to Note 10 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 In connection with the Company s Reorganization Transactions, the Corporation entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement between the Company and former and continuing owners of Tradeweb Markets LLC (Continuing LLC Owner) which provides for the payment by the Corporation to a Continuing LLC Owner of 50 of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, realized due to tax benefits resulting from the Reorganization Transaction. The Corporation accounts for the income tax effects resulting from taxable redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests by the Continuing LLC Owners for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or cash, as the case may be, and purchases by the Corporation of LLC Interests from the Continuing LLC Owners by recognizing a change to its Tax Receivable Agreement liability, reflecting the amount expected to be due to Continuing LLC Owners, discounted at present value. 
 In addition, the Corporation recognizes a change in the Corporation s tax basis in its LLC interest (i.e., tax basis step up ). The tax basis step up, in turn, results in a change to the Corporation s deferred tax assets, based on enacted tax rates at the date of each redemption or exchange. The impact of any changes in the projected obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement for the tax basis step up as a result of changes in the geographic mix of the Company s earnings, changes in tax legislation and tax rates or other factors that may impact the Corporation s tax savings will be reflected in income before taxes on the statement of income in the period in which the change occurs. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Given the complexity of the calculation and high volume of inputs used to estimate the Tax Receivable Agreement liability and related deferred tax assets, performing audit procedures to evaluate the accuracy of the calculation and appropriateness of the inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists who possess significant tax regulation and Tax Receivable Agreement calculation expertise. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Tax Receivable Agreement liability included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls established by the Company around the Tax Receivable Agreement liability and related deferred tax assets. 
 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated: 
 
 the impact of partnership exchange transactions on the computation of the Tax Receivable Agreement liability. 
 
 whether the sources of management s estimated taxable income were of the appropriate character and sufficient to utilize the deferred tax assets and result in cash tax savings under the relevant tax laws. 
 
 the appropriateness of the tax rates, interest rates and tax amortization utilized in the determination of the Tax Receivable Agreement liability, by agreeing to the terms in the Tax Receivable Agreement and applicable Federal and state tax laws. 
 
 the reasonableness of the methods, inputs, and assumptions used by management to determine the Tax Receivable Agreement liability. We performed testing, on a sample basis, on contributions, distributions, and tax basis amounts and calculations related to the step-up in basis. 
 
 the mathematical accuracy of the Tax Receivable Agreement liability calculation and cash payments. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

96 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Tradeweb Markets Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 

97 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization Lease right-of-use assets Software development costs, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Receivable from affiliates Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Lease liabilities Payable to affiliates Deferred tax liability Tax receivable agreement liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class C common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class D common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Transaction fees and commissions Subscription fees Refinitiv market data fees Other Total revenue Expenses Employee compensation and benefits Depreciation and amortization Technology and communications General and administrative Professional fees Occupancy Total expenses Operating income Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (1) 
 Net interest income (expense) ) ) Income (loss) from investments ) Income before taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. Earnings per share attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. Class A and B common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments, with tax benefit for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Less: Foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. Stockholders Equity Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class D Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 Activities related to the follow-on offering and other exchanges of LLC Interests, net of offering costs and cancellations ) ) ) ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Deferred taxes arising from issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense under the PRSU Plan Stock-based compensation expense under the RSU Plan Stock-based compensation expense under the Option Plan Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at December 31, 2020 Activities related to exchanges of LLC Interests ) ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense under the PRSU Plan Stock-based compensation expense under the RSU Plan Stock-based compensation expense under the Option Plan Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other - See Note 14 Balance at December 31, 2021 Activities related to exchanges of LLC Interests ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense under the PRSU Plan Stock-based compensation expense under the RSU Plan Stock-based compensation expense under the Option Plan Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other - See Note 14 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred taxes Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment ) ) ) (Income) loss from investments (Increase) decrease in operating assets: Receivable from/payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations, net ) Deposits with clearing organizations ) ) Accounts receivable ) ) ) Receivable from/payable to affiliates, net ) Other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Employee equity compensation payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of furniture, equipment, software and leasehold improvements ) ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Purchase of equity investments ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Proceeds from stock-based compensation exercises Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock in follow-on offering, net of underwriting discounts Purchase of LLC Interests ) Offering costs from issuance of Class A common stock in follow-on offering ) Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) ) Payments on tax receivable agreement liability ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period End of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

102 

Table of Contents 

Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Income taxes paid, net of refunds Non-cash investing and financing activities: Furniture, equipment, software and leasehold improvement additions included in accounts payable Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities, net of modifications and terminations ) Stock-based compensation expense capitalized to software development costs Items arising from follow-on offering and other LLC Interest ownership changes: Establishment of liabilities under Tax Receivable Agreement Deferred tax asset Other - See Note 14 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as shown on the statements of financial condition: December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 
 Note 1 
 Organization 
 105 
 Note 2 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 107 
 Note 3 
 Restricted Cash 
 112 
 Note 4 
 Acquisitions 
 112 
 Note 5 
 Software Development Costs 
 114 
 Note 6 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 114 
 Note 7 
 Leases 
 115 
 Note 8 
 Revenue 
 116 
 Note 9 
 Income Taxes 
 117 
 Note 1 0 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 120 
 Note 1 1 
 Stockholders Equity 
 121 
 Note 1 2 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 123 
 Note 1 3 
 Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 123 
 Note 1 4 
 Related Party Transactions 
 127 
 Note 1 5 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 128 
 Note 16 
 Credit Risk 
 130 
 Note 17 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 131 
 Note 18 
 Earnings Per Share 
 132 
 Note 19 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 133 
 Note 20 
 Business Segment and Geographic Information 
 134 
 Note 2 1 
 Subsequent Events 
 135 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1. 
 of TWM LLC and the non-controlling interest holders own the remaining of TWM LLC. As of December 31, 2021, Tradeweb Markets Inc. owned of TWM LLC and the non-controlling interest holders owned the remaining of TWM LLC. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Company refer to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including TWM LLC, following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, and TWM LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the completion of the Reorganization Transactions. 
 The Company is a leader in building and operating electronic marketplaces for a global network of clients across the institutional, wholesale and retail client sectors. The Company s principal subsidiaries include: 
 Tradeweb LLC TWL ), a registered broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), a member of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board MSRB ), a registered independent introducing broker with the Commodities Future Trading Commission CFTC and a member of the National Futures Association NFA ). 
 Dealerweb Inc. DW (formerly known as Hilliard Farber Co., Inc.), a registered broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and a member of FINRA and MSRB. DW is also registered as an introducing broker with the CFTC and a member of the NFA. 
 Tradeweb Direct LLC TWD (formerly known as BondDesk Trading LLC), a registered broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and a member of FINRA and MSRB. 
 Tradeweb Europe Limited TEL ), a MiFID Investment Firm regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA in the UK and certain other global regulators and maintains branches in Asia. 
 TW SEF LLC TW SEF ), a Swap Execution Facility SEF regulated by the CFTC and certain other global regulators. 
 DW SEF LLC DW SEF ), a SEF regulated by the CFTC and certain other global regulators. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million, all-cash transaction closed on June 25, 2021 (the NFI Acquisition ). See Note 4 Acquisitions for additional details on this acquisition. The NFI Acquisition included the acquisition of Execution Access, LLC, EA ), a registered broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and a member of FINRA. In November 2022, EA merged with and into DW with DW being the surviving entity. 
 A majority interest of Refinitiv (formerly the Thomson Reuters Financial Risk Business) was acquired by BCP on October 1, 2018 (the Refinitiv Transaction from TR. The Refinitiv Transaction resulted in a new basis of accounting for certain of the Company s assets and liabilities beginning on October 1, 2018. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies for a description of pushdown accounting applied as a result of the Refinitiv Transaction. 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions, TWM LLC s limited liability company agreement (the TWM LLC Agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (i) provide for a new single class of common membership interests in TWM LLC (the LLC Interests ), (ii) exchange all of the then existing membership interests in TWM LLC for LLC Interests and (iii) appoint the Corporation as the sole manager of TWM LLC. LLC Interests, other than those held by the Corporation, are redeemable or exchangeable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement for shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class A common stock or Class B common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class B common stock ), as the case may be, on a -for-one basis. 
 As used herein, references to Continuing LLC Owners refer collectively to (i) those owners of TWM LLC prior to the Reorganization Transactions (the Original LLC Owners , incl uding an indirect subsidiary of Refinitiv, certain investment and commercial banks (collectively, the Bank Stockholders ), and members of management, that contin ued to own LLC Interests after the completion of the IPO and Reorganization Transactions and that received shares of Class C common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class C common stock ), shares of Class D common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class D common stock or a combination of both, as the case may be, in connection with the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, (ii) any subsequent transferee of any Original LLC Owner that has executed a joinder agreement to the TWM LLC Agreement and (iii) solely with respect to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined in Note 10 Tax Receivable Agreement), (x) those Original LLC Owners, including certain of the Bank Stockholders, that disposed of all of their LLC Interests for cash in connection with the IPO and (y) any party that has executed a joinder agreement to the Tax Receivable Agreement in accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022: 
 The public investors collectively owned shares of Class A common stock, representing of the combined voting power of Tradeweb Markets Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock and indirectly, through Tradeweb Markets Inc., owned of the economic interest in TWM LLC; 
 Refinitiv collectively owned shares of Class B common stock and shares of Class D common stock, representing of the combined voting power of Tradeweb Markets Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock and directly and indirectly, through Tradeweb Markets Inc., owned of the economic interest in TWM LLC; and 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class C common stock and shares of Class D common stock, representing of the combined voting power of Tradeweb Markets Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock. Collectively, these stockholders directly owned of the economic interest in TWM LL C. 
 In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s basic and diluted earnings per share calculation is impacted by of weighted average shares resulting from unvested restricted stock units and unsettled vested performance-based restricted stock units that were considered participating securities for purposes of calculating earnings per share in accordance with the two-class method, and for the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company s diluted earnings per share calculation also includes of weighted average shares resulting from the dilutive effect of its equity incentive plans. See Note 18 Earnings Per Share for additional details. 
 
 2. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

See Note 16 Credit Risk for additional information. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the leasehold improvements or the remaining term of the lease for office space. 
 Furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accumulated depreciation related to furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements totaled million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense for furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 . Software development costs acquired as part of the NFI Acquisition were amortized over . Costs capitalized as part of the Refinitiv Transaction pushdown accounting allocation are amortized over . The Company reviews the amounts capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or that their useful lives are shorter than originally expected. Non-capitalized software costs and routine maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. An impairment loss is recognized if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its net book value. Such loss is calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value of goodwill and its carrying value. 
 Goodwill was last tested for impairment on October 1, 2022 and impairment of goodwill was identified. 
 . These intangible assets subject to amortization are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset s or asset group s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least annually. An impairment loss is recognized if the sum of the estimated discounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding book value. 

109 

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, million of deferred costs related to the April 2020 follow-on offering discussed in Note 11 Stockholders Equity were recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital balance in the consolidated statements of financial condition. offering costs were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 See Note 8 Revenue for additional details regarding revenue types and the Company s policies regarding revenue recognition. 
 million loss, a million loss and a million gain for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Since the consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, the Company also translates all non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenue and expense amounts are translated into U.S. dollars monthly at the average exchange rate for the month. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency assets and liabilities are translated at the rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Gains or losses on translation in the financial statements, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included as a component of other comprehensive income. 
 Realized and unrea lized gains/losses on foreig n currency forward contracts totaled a million gain, a million gain and a million loss for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 15 Fair Value of Financial Instruments for additional details on the Company s derivative instruments. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

111 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 million has been segregated in the PAB reserve account, exceeding the requirements pursuant to SEC Rule 15c3-3. 
 
 4. 
 million was net of cash acquired, net of deposits with clearing organizations acquired and prior to working capital adjustments. At closing, preliminary working capital adjustments resulted in a million increase to the purchase price. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded final working capital and purchase price adjustments which resulted in a million decrease in accounts receivable, million increase in customer relationships, million decrease in other assets, million decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and a million decrease in goodwill. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 years. 
 Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable Equipment Software development costs Goodwill Intangible assets customer relationships Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Total Less: Cash acquired ) Less: Deposits with clearing organizations acquired ) Working capital adjustments Purchase price, net of cash and deposits acquired and excluding working capital adjustments 
 For GAAP purposes, the acquired software development costs were amortized over a useful life of and the customer relationships will be amortized over a useful life of years. The goodwill recognized in connection with the NFI Acquisition is primarily attributable to the acquisition of an assembled workforce and expected synergies from the integration of the operations of the NFI Acquisition into the Company s operations and its single business segment. All of the goodwill recognized in connection with the NFI Acquisition is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in transaction costs incurred to effect the NFI Acquisition, which are included as a component of professional fees in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. There were acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Software development costs, net of accumulated amortization 
 Amortization expense related to capitalized software development costs 
 (1) Software development costs capitalized does not include acquired software development costs. See Note 4 Acquisitions. 
 Non-capitalized software costs and routine maintenance costs are expensed as incurred and are included in employee compensation and benefits and professional fees on the consolidated statements of income. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 6. 
 Goodwill recognized in connection with the NFI Acquisition Balance at end of period 
 Intangible Assets 
 Tradename Total 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 years ) ) Customer relationships - NFI Acquisition years ) ) Content and data years ) ) ) ) 
 Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 7. 
 years. 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Activity related to the Company s leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Operating lease expense included as a component of occupancy expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of income Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liability 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average borrowing rate and weighted average remaining lease term are as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted average borrowing rate Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest ) Lease liability 
 million letter of credit issued under the Company s Credit Facility (as defined in Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies). As of December 31 2020, this lease was secured by a letter of credit in the amount of million, which was guaranteed by Refinitiv and during the year ended December 31, 2021, was replaced with the letter of credit issued under the Company s Credit Facility. 
 
 8. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

Subscription fees Refinitiv market data fees Other Total revenue 
 Deferred Revenue 
 The Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of services to be performed. 
 New billings Revenue recognized ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Deferred revenue balance - December 31, 2022 
 million in total revenue that was deferred as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in total revenue that was deferred as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 9. 
 million, consisting of million in the United States and million in foreign locations. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 ) State and Local Foreign Total current tax expense ) Deferred: Federal State and local ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred tax expense Total provision for income taxes 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Foreign tax rate differential ) Non-controlling interest ) ) ) Tax Receivable Agreement adjustment ) ) ) Rate change ) ) Equity Compensation ) ) ) Other Effective income tax rate 
 The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to the state and local taxes including the tax impact of state apportionment rates changes on total tax expense as a result of the remeasurement of the Company s net tax deferred asset, the effect of non-controlling interests and the tax impact of the exercise of equity compensation. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to the effect of non-controlling interests and the tax impact of the exercise of equity compensation, partially offset by state, local and foreign taxes. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Net operating losses Tax Receivable Agreement - Interest Employee compensation Tax credits Other Deferred tax assets, gross Valuation Allowance ) Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities Goodwill and Intangibles ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 The Company expects to obtain an increase in its share of the tax basis of the assets of TWM LLC when LLC Interests are redeemed or exchanged by Continuing LLC Owners and in connection with certain other qualifying transactions. This increase in tax basis may have the effect of reducing the amounts that the Corporation would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Corporation is required to make cash payments to the Continuing LLC Owners equal to of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that the Corporation actually realizes (or in some circumstances are deemed to realize) as a result of certain future tax benefits to which the Corporation may become entitled. The Corporation expects to benefit from the remaining of tax benefits, if any, that the Corporation may actually realize. See Note 10 Tax Receivable Agreement for further details. The tax benefit has been recognized in deferred tax assets on the consolidated statement of financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had tax effected U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes of million, state and local net operating loss carryforwards of million, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million. If not utilized, the state and local net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2035. The U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards and foreign net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Increase in current year tax positions Increase in prior year tax positions Decrease in prior year tax positions ) Settlements Gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income taxes within the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of income. Accrued interest and penalties are included within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The total amount of interest and penalties payable as of December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 LLC Interests and Refinitiv received shares of Class B common stock Refinitiv Contribution ). As a result of the Refinitiv Contribution, the Company assumed the tax liabilities of the contributed entity. The contributed entity is under audit by the State of New Jersey for the tax years 2012 - 2015 and is appealing a tax assessment from an audit by the State of New Jersey for the tax years 2008 - 2011. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the tax liability related to the Refinitiv Contribution is million and is included within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial condition. The Company is indemnified by Refinitiv for these tax liabilities that were assumed by the Company as a result of the Refinitiv Contribution. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, million is included in other assets on the consolidated statement of financial condition related to this indemnification. 
 The above tax positions were recognized using the best estimate of the amount expected to be paid based on available information and assessment of all relevant factors. Due to the uncertainty associated with tax audits, it is possible that at some future date liabilities resulting from these audits could vary significantly from these positions. Nevertheless, based on currently enacted legislation and information currently known to us, the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these audits will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition taken as a whole. Furthermore, the Company does not anticipate any material changes to net uncertain tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 
 10. 
 of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that the Corporation actually realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from such Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO and any subsequent offerings or (b) redemptions or exchanges by such Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Corporation making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are made within 150 days after the filing of the tax return based on the actual tax savings realized by the Corporatio n. The first payment of the Tax Receivable Agreement was made in January 2021. Substantially all payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement are payable over following the purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners or redemption or exchanges by Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests. 
 The Corporation accounts for the income tax effects resulting from taxable redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests by Continuing LLC Owners for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or cash, as the case may be, and purchases by the Corporation of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners by recognizing an increase in deferred tax assets, based on enacted tax rates at the date of each redemption, exchange, or purchase, as the case may be. Further, the Corporation evaluates the likelihood that it will realize the benefit represented by the deferred tax asset, and, to the extent that the Corporation estimates that it is more likely than not that it will not realize the benefit, it reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax asset with a valuation allowance. 
 million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized a tax receivable agreement liability adjustment o f million, million and million 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 vote on all matters presented to the Corporation s stockholders generally. Each share of Class B common stock and Class D common stock entitles its holder to votes on all matters presented to the Corporation s stockholders generally. The holders of Class C common stock and Class D common stock have no economic interests in the Corporation (where economic interests means the right to receive any dividends or distributions, whether cash or stock, in connection with common stock). 
 Yes Class B common stock Yes Class C common stock No Class D common stock No 
 Holders of outstanding shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, Class C common stock and Class D common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the Corporation s stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 Holders of Class B common stock may from time to time exchange all or a portion of their shares of Class B common stock for newly issued shares of Class A common stock on a -for-one basis (in which case their shares of Class B common stock will be cancelled on a -for-one basis upon any such issuance). Continuing LLC Owners that hold shares of Class D common stock may from time to time exchange all or a portion of their shares of Class D common stock for newly issued shares of Class C common stock on a -for-one basis (in which case their shares of Class D common stock will be cancelled on a -for-one basis upon such issuance). 
 Each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into share of Class A common stock and each share of Class D common stock will automatically convert into share of Class C common stock (i) immediately prior to any sale or other transfer of such share by a holder or its permitted transferees to a non-permitted transferee or (ii) once Refinitiv no longer beneficially owns a number of shares of common stock and LLC Interests that together entitle them to at least of TWM LLC s economic interest. Holders of LLC Interests that receive shares of Class C common stock upon any such conversion may continue to elect to have their LLC Interests redeemed for newly issued shares of Class A common stock as described below (in which case their shares of Class C common stock will be cancelled on a -for-one basis upon such issuance). 
 In addition, the Corporation s board of directors adopted the Omnibus Equity Plan, under which equity awards may be made in respect of shares of Class A common stock. It also assumed sponsorship of the Option Plan and a PRSU plan formerly sponsored by TWM LLC. See Note 13 Stock-Based Compensation Plans for further details. 
 LLC Interests 
 The TWM LLC Agreement requires that TWM LLC at all times maintain (i) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock issued by the Corporation and the number of LLC Interests owned by the Corporation and (ii) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class C common stock and Class D common stock issued by the Corporation and the number of LLC Interests owned by the holders of such Class C common stock and Class D common stock. 
 LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement, at the election of such holders, for newly issued shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as the case may be, on a -for-one basis (and such holders shares of Class C common stock or Class D common stock, as the case may be, will be cancelled on a -for-one basis upon any such issuance). In the event of such election by a Continuing LLC Owner, the Corporation may, at its option, effect a direct exchange of Class A common stock or Class B common stock for such LLC Interests of such Continuing LLC Owner in lieu of such redemption. In addition, the Corporation s board of directors may, at its option, instead of the foregoing redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests, cause the Corporation to make a cash payment equal to the volume weighted average market price of share of Class A common stock for each LLC Interest redeemed or exchanged (subject to customary adjustments, including for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications) in accordance with the terms of the TWM LLC Agreement. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class A Common stock at a public offering price of per share, which included shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock. Tradeweb Markets Inc. received net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions but before deducting estimated offering expenses, which were used to purchase (i) issued and outstanding LLC Interests from certain of the Bank Stockholders and certain executive officers (and the corresponding shares of Class C common stock and/or Class D common stock held by such holders were cancelled) and (ii) issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock from certain executive officers (which shares of Class A common stock were cancelled), at a purchase price per interest and share equal to the public offering price per share of , less the underwriting discounts and commissions payable thereon. 
 Redemptions and Exchanges of LLC Interests 
 In addition to the April 2020 follow-on offering transaction described above, Continuing LLC Owners may, from time to time, exercise their redemption rights under the TWM LLC Agreement, pursuant to which LLC Interests are exchanged for newly-issued shares of Class A common stock. Simultaneously, and in connection with these exchanges, shares of Class C and/or Class D common stock are surrendered by Continuing LLC Owners and cancelled. In connection with these exchanges, Tradeweb Markets Inc. receives LLC Interests, increasing its total ownership interest in TWM LLC. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 On February 4, 2021, the Company announced that its board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ), primarily to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program authorized the purchase of up to million of the Company s Class A common stock at the Company s discretion through the end of fiscal year 2023. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program was effected through regular open-market purchases (which included repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1). The amounts and timing of the repurchases were subject to general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of the Company s Class A common stock. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program did not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and was able to be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. 
 The Company began buying back shares pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Program during the second quarter of 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired a total of and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, at an average price of and , respectively, for purchases totaling million and million, respectively, pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. 
 On December 5, 2022, the Company announced that its board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), to continue to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans, as well as to opportunistically repurchase the Company s stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizes the purchase of up to million of the Company s Class A common stock at the Company s discretion and has no termination date. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be effected through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), through privately negotiated transactions or through accelerated share repurchases, each in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The amounts, timing and manner of the repurchases will be subject to general market conditions, the prevailing price and trading volumes of the Company s Class A common stock and other factors. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired a total of shares of Class A common stock, at an average price of , for purchases totaling million pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Each share of Class A common stock repurchased pursuant to the 2021 and 2022 Share Repurchase Programs was funded with the proceeds, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, from the repurchase by Tradeweb Markets LLC of an LLC Interest from the Corporation in order to maintain the -to-one ratio between outstanding shares of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock and the LLC Interests owned by the Corporation. Subsequent to their repurchase, the shares of Class A common stock and the LLC Interests were all cancelled and retired. As of December 31, 2022, a total of million remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 For shares repurchased pursuant to the 2021 and 2022 Share Repurchase Programs, the excess of the repurchase price paid over the par value of the Class A common stock will be recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 , and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock from employee stock option, PRSU and RSU awards, at an average price per share of , and , respectively, and an aggregate value of million, million and million, respectively, based on the price of the Class A common stock on the date the relevant withholding occurred. 
 These shares are withheld in order for the Company to cover the payroll tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of stock options and settlement of RSUs and PRSUs and such shares were not withheld in connection with the share repurchase programs discussed above. 
 
 12. 
 Number of LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests Total LLC Interests outstanding 
 LLC Interests held by the Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement at the election of the members for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, on a -for-one basis or, at the Company s option, a cash payment in accordance with the terms of the TWM LLC Agreement. 
 Transfers (to) from non-controlling interests: Increase/(decrease) in Tradeweb Markets Inc. s additional paid-in capital as a result of ownership changes in TWM LLC Net transfers (to) from non-controlling interests Change from net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and transfers (to) from non-controlling interests 
 
 13. 
 new shares of Class A common stock to employees, officers and non-employee directors. Under this plan, the Company may grant awards in respect of shares of Class A common stock, including performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs ), stock options, restricted stock units RSUs and dividend equivalent rights. The awards may have performance-based and time-based vesting conditions. Stock options have a maximum contractual term of years. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 million in total unamortized stock-based compensation associated with equity awards previously granted to Mr. Olesky plus (ii) million in unamortized stock-based compensation awards granted to Mr. Olesky during 2022 that were accelerated and amortized into expense over a revised estimated service period that ended on August 11, 2022, the date that such six month notice period ended. In addition, in December 2022, million in stock-based compensation awards, relating to 2022 performance, were granted to Mr. Olesky and immediately recognized into expense upon grant. Of these amounts, million represents regular amortization that would have been recognized through August 11, 2022 if Mr. Olesky had not announced his retirement and million represents accelerated stock-based compensation (the CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense ). Total amortization amounts disclosed were based on a multiplier achieved for the 2022 performance-based restricted stock units and were adjusted, up by million, based on the final performance multiplier achieved for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a total of million in CEO Retirement Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense and related payroll taxes which impacted the amounts disclosed below. 
 PRSUs (Equity-Settled) 
 PRSUs are promises to issue actual shares of Class A common stock which cliff vest on January 1 of the third calendar year from the calendar year of the date of grant. The fair value of the equity-settled PRSUs is calculated on the grant date using the stock price of the Class A common stock. The number of shares a participant will receive upon vesting is determined by a performance modifier, which is adjusted as a result of the financial performance of the Company in the grant year. The performance modifier can vary between (minimum) and (maximum) of the target award amount. Compensation expense for PRSUs that cliff vest is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for the entire award. The number of shares included in expense each period is based on management s estimate of the probable final performance modifier for those grants, with such estimate updated each period until the performance modifier is finalized. 
 Grants Vests ) Performance adjustment Forfeitures and adjustments ) Equity-settled PRSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of equity-settled PRSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 The total fair value of equity-settled PRSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 graded vesting schedule, with accelerated vesting for the time-based Special Option Award options originally scheduled to vest in years three and four that were accelerated upon completion of the IPO. The stock-based compensation expense recognition commenced upon the completion of the IPO. 
 The grant-date fair value of the time-based options related to the Special Option Award and the July 2019 Grants are amortized into expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis, with each tranche separately measured. The grant-date fair value of the time - based December 2019 Grants are amortized into expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 
 For the portion of all awards that require both future service and the achievement of Company performance-based conditions, the grant-date fair value for each tranche is separately amortized into expense over the requisite service period for the requisite performance - based condition. If in a reporting period it is determined that the achievement of a performance target for a performance - based tranche is not probable, then no expense is recognized for that tranche and any expenses already recognized relating to that tranche in prior reporting periods are reversed in the current reporting period. 
 The Company can elect to net - settle exercised options by reducing the shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon such exercise by the number of shares of Class A common stock having a fair market value on the date of exercise equal to the aggregate option price and withholding taxes payable in respect of the number of options exercised. The Company may then pay these employee payroll taxes from the Company s cash. 
 Grants Exercises ) Forfeitures and adjustments Expired Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested options outstanding at December 31, 2022 - all exercisable 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 There were options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The total intrinsic value of all options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was million. The weighted average remaining contractual life of all options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was years. 
 The total intrinsic value of all vested options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was million, all of which are currently exercisable. The weighted average remaining contractual life of all vested options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was years. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 period. RSUs granted to non-employee directors generally vest after . The grant-date fair value of RSUs are amortized into expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 
 Grants Vests ) Forfeitures ) RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. There were RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Compensation Expense 
 The Company records stock-based compensation expense for employees and directors in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 The stock-based compensation expense above excludes million of stock-based compensation expense capitalized to software development costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Weighted-average recognition period (in years) 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Receivable from affiliates Other assets Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Deferred revenue Payable to affiliates 
 Refinitiv market data fees (1) 
 Other fees Expenses: (2) 
 Employee compensation and benefits Technology and communications General and administrative ) Professional fees Occupancy 
 (1) The Company maintains a market data license agreement with Refinitiv. Under the agreement, the Company delivers to Refinitiv certain market data feeds which Refinitiv redistributes to its customers. The Company earns license fees and royalties for these feeds. 
 (2) The Company maintains agreements with Refinitiv to provide the Company with certain real estate, payroll, benefits administration and other administrative services. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million of previously accrued expenses payable to affiliates of Refinitiv were waived and the liabilities were reversed through an increase to additional paid-in capital. 
 million, included as a component of the additional paid-in capital balance on the consolidated statements of financial condition and which fees were reimbursed by the underwriters. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 Receivable from affiliates Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Payable to affiliates Foreign currency forward contracts Total liabilities measured at fair value As of December 31, 2021 Assets Cash equivalents Money market funds Receivable from affiliates Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Payable to affiliates Foreign currency forward contracts Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 The Company s money market funds are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices in active markets. 
 The valuation for the Company s foreign currency forward contracts is primarily based on the difference between the exchange rate associated with the forward contract and the exchange rate at the current period end. Foreign currency forward contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate its U.S. dollar and British pound sterling v ersus euro exposure, generally with a duration of less than 12 months. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the counterparty on each of the foreign currency forward contracts was an affiliate of Refinitiv and therefore the corresponding liabilities and receivables on such contracts were included in payable to affiliates and receivable from affiliates, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 The Company s foreign currency forward contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes and changes in the fair value of these contracts during the period are recognized in the consolidated statements of income within general and administrative expenses. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value 
 Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable Other assets Memberships in clearing organizations 
 Total Liabilities Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Total As of December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and restricted cash Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable Other assets Memberships in clearing organizations 
 Total Liabilities Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Total 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million, included in income (loss) from investments in the consolidated statements of income, related to the write-off of an investment that was determined to be uncollectible. 
 
 16. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, recoveries resulted in a reversal of credit loss expense of . For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized a credit loss expense of and , respectively. These costs are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 17. 
 consolidated antitrust class actions relating to trading practices in United States Treasury securities auctions. The cases were dismissed in March 2021, with the Court granting the Plaintiffs leave to further amend the complaint by no later than May 14, 2021. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on or about May 14, 2021, and the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint on June 14, 2021. By order dated March 31, 2022, the Court granted the Company s motion and dismissed all of the claims against it in the amended complaint. The Court also denied the plaintiffs request for leave to file a further amended complaint. On April 28, 2022, the Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal of the decision and filed their opening brief on the appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit on August 18, 2022. The Company filed its brief in response on November 17, 2022. Plaintiffs filed their brief in reply in further support of their appeal on December 14, 2022. The parties have requested oral argument on the appeal, which request is currently pending, and no date for oral argument has yet been set. The Company intends to vigorously defend the District Court s decision on appeal and assert its meritorious defenses to the allegations. 
 Additionally, the Company was dismissed from a class action relating to an interest rate swaps matter in 2017, but that matter continues against the remaining defendant financial institutions. 
 The Company records its best estimate of a loss, including estimated defense costs, when the loss is considered probable and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. Based on its experience, the Company believes that the amount of damages claimed in a legal proceeding is not a meaningful indicator of the potential liability. At this time, the Company cannot reasonably predict the timing or outcomes of, or estimate the amount of loss, or range of loss, if any, related to its pending legal proceedings, including the matters described above, and therefore does not have any contingency reserves established for any of these matters. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On April 8, 2019, the Company entered into a , million senior secured revolving credit facility Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks. The Credit Facility was subsequently amended on November 7, 2019. The Credit Facility provides additional borrowing capacity to be used to fund ongoing working capital needs, letters of credit and for general corporate purposes, including potential future acquisitions and expansions. 
 Under the terms of the credit agreement that governs the Credit Facility, borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) a base rate equal to the greatest of (i) the administrative agent s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus of 1.0 and (iii) one month LIBOR plus , in each case plus , or (b) LIBOR plus , subject to a floor. The credit agreement also includes a commitment fee of for available but unborrowed amounts and other administrative fees that are payable quarterly. The Credit Facility is available until April 2024, provided the Company is in compliance with all covenants. Financial covenant requirements include maintaining minimum ratios related to interest coverage and leverage. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million in letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility and borrowings outstanding. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 18. 
 Less: Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested RSUs and unsettled vested PRSUs (1) 
 ) Net income attributable to outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock - Basic and Diluted Denominator: 
 Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding - Basic Dilutive effect of PRSUs Dilutive effect of options Dilutive effect of RSUs Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding - Diluted Earnings per share - Basic Earnings per share - Diluted 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a total of weighted average unvested RSUs and unsettled vested PRSUs that were considered a participating security for purposes of calculating earnings per share in accordance with the two-class method. There were during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement, at the election of such holders, for shares of Class A or Class B common stock, as applicable, of Tradeweb Markets Inc. The potential dilutive effect of LLC Interests are evaluated under the if-converted method. The potential dilutive effect of PRSUs, shares underlying options and RSUs are evaluated under the treasury stock method. 
 Options RSUs LLC Interests 
 Shares of Class C and Class D common stock do not have economic rights in Tradeweb Markets Inc. and, therefore, are not included in the calculation of basic earnings per share and are not participating securities for purposes of the computation of diluted earnings per share. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 19. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirement Excess Regulatory Capital 
 As of December 31, 2021 TWL 
 DW 
 TWD 
 TEL 
 TWJ 
 TWEU 
 TESL EA (1) 
 (in thousands) Regulatory Capital Regulatory Capital Requirement Excess Regulatory Capital 
 (1) In November 2022, EA merged with and into DW with DW being the surviving entity. 
 As SEFs, TW SEF and DW SEF are required to maintain adequate financial resources and liquid financial assets in accordance with CFTC regulations. 
 Required Financial Resources Excess Financial Resources Liquid Financial Assets Required Liquid Financial Assets Excess Liquid Financial Assets 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 20. 
 Wholesale Retail Market Data Total revenue Operating expenses 
 Operating income 
 
 The Company operates in the U.S. and internationally, primarily in the Europe and Asia regions. Revenues are attributed to geographic area based on the jurisdiction where the underlying transactions take place. The results by geographic region are not meaningful in understanding the Company s business. Long-lived assets are attributed to the geographic area based on the location of the particular subsidiary. 
 International Total revenue 
 The following table provides information on the attribution of long-lived assets by geographic area: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Long-lived assets U.S. International Total 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 21. 
 per share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock for the first quarter of 2023. This dividend will be payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 1, 2023. 
 On February 2, 2023, Tradeweb Markets Inc., as the sole manager, approved a distribution by TWM LLC to its equityholders, including Tradeweb Markets Inc., in an aggregate amount of million, as adjusted by required state and local tax withholdings that will be determined prior to the record date of March 1, 2023, payable on March 13, 2023. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management has evaluated, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K are effective at a reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. While our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of their effectiveness, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for us as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Management, including our CEO and CFO, based on its assessment and those criteria, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 . 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 On February 21, 2023, Tradeweb Markets LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a new employment agreement with William Hult in connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective as of January 1, 2023 (the Agreement ), which Agreement amends and restates his existing employment agreement in its entirety. The key terms of the Agreement are generally described below. This description is meant to be a summary and not a full description of all of the terms of the Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.30 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 The Agreement provides for an initial three-year term, with automatic annual renewals unless either party provides 90 days prior notice of termination. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Hult is entitled to an annual base salary of 750,000 and is eligible for an annual cash bonus with a target bonus opportunity equal to 300 of his annual base salary subject to his employment on the last date of the calendar year, each effective as of January 1, 2023. The annual bonus will be based upon Company performance and other criteria for such fiscal year as determined by the board of directors of the Company (the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board in consultation with Mr. Hult. In addition, Mr. Hult will be entitled to: (1) participate in health and other group insurance and other employee benefit plans and programs of the Company, and (2) reimbursement in an amount up to 30,000 for fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation of the Agreement, net of withholding taxes. 
 Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Hult is entitled to the following if he is terminated without Cause or as a result of a Company nonrenewal of the Agreement, or if he resigns for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Agreement) (each, a Qualifying Termination ): (1) cash severance equal to two times the sum of (A) his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of termination and (B) the average annual bonus earned by Mr. Hult for the two calendar years ending immediately prior to the year of termination, payable in equal installments on the Company s regular payroll dates during the 24-month period following the date of termination (such period, the Severance Period (this (A) and (B), the Severance Amount ), (2) a prorated bonus for the year of termination based on the actual performance of the Company for the full year (the Prorated Bonus ), (3) any earned but unpaid annual bonus for the prior completed fiscal year of the Company (the Earned Bonus and (4) reimbursement for a portion of the cost of COBRA premiums for continued health benefits for Mr. Hult and his dependents for the Severance Period Medical Benefit Continuation ). 
 In addition, if a Qualifying Termination occurs during the three-month period preceding or the twelve-month period following the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Equity Plan )), Mr. Hult will be entitled to the following, in lieu of the amounts set forth in the immediately preceding sentence: (1) cash severance equal to two and one-half times the sum of (A) his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of termination and (B) the average annual bonus earned by Mr. Hult for the two calendar years ending immediately prior to the year of termination, payable in equal installments on the Company s regular payroll dates during the 30-month period following the date of termination (such period, the CIC Severance Period (this (A) and (B), the CIC Severance Amount ), (2) the Prorated Bonus, (3) the Earned Bonus and (4) reimbursement for a portion of the cost of COBRA premiums for continued health benefits for Mr. Hult and his dependents for the CIC Severance Period (the CIC Medical Benefit Continuation ). 
 Mr. Hult s entitlement to the Severance Amount or CIC Severance Amount, as applicable, the Prorated Bonus and the Medical Benefit Continuation or CIC Medical Benefit Continuation, as applicable, will in each case be subject to Mr. Hult s execution and nonrevocation of a release of claims and his continued compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in the Agreement, which includes covenants of nondisclosure of confidential information, noncompetition, nonsolicitation, and nondisparagement. If any of the payments or benefits provided to Mr. Hult pursuant to the Agreement or otherwise would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and be subject to excise tax, such amounts will be subject to a net best excise tax adjustment. 
 In addition, Mr. Hult will be eligible for equity awards in the ordinary course under the Omnibus Equity Plan, which typically occur annually in March. The equity awards to be granted to Mr. Hult in March of 2023 under the Omnibus Equity Plan will include (1) restricted stock units that vest based on continuous service RSUs based on a value of 3,000,000, (2) performance-vesting restricted stock units that vest based on achievement of Company financial goals PRSUs based on a value of 3,000,000, and (3) a new form of performance-vesting restricted stock units that will vest based on the Company s total shareholder return over a three-year performance period, beginning on January 1, 2023 (the PSUs based on a value of 3,000,000. In connection with the Agreement, the Compensation Committee has agreed that, for Mr. Hult, his future equity awards, including his 2023 grants, will provide for the following: (1) on a Qualifying Termination event, (A) Mr. Hult will be entitled to retain a pro-rated portion of his PSU and PRSU award, notwithstanding his termination and regardless of when the termination occurs during the performance period, which award will continue to settle on the scheduled settlement date, and (B) his RSUs which vest solely based on continuous service will fully vest and will continue to settle on the scheduled settlement date, and (2) on his retirement, his PSUs will fully vest and will continue to settle on the scheduled settlement date. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 As disclosed by the Company on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 13, 2022, Thomas Pluta was appointed as President of the Company effective as of January 1, 2023. It has been determined that in his position as President, Mr. Pluta will be entitled to an annual base salary of 700,000 and will be eligible for an annual cash bonus as determined each year by the Compensation Committee in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Pluta will also be eligible for equity awards in the ordinary course under the Omnibus Equity Plan. In consideration of his transition and forfeiture of compensation from his prior employer, his service in 2022, and his new position as President, it has been determined that, in March of 2023, Mr. Pluta will receive grants of RSUs based on a value of 2,050,000 and PRSUs based on a value of 2,050,000. In addition, in March of 2023, Mr. Pluta, along with certain other executives, is expected to receive a one-time award of PSUs which, for Mr. Pluta, is expected to be based on a value of 2,600,000. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. We will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. We will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. We will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. We will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. We will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 1. Financial Statements. 
 The financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 3. Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed or furnished as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 4.2 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on March 4, 2020 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.1 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, by and among Tradeweb Markets Inc., Refinitiv US PME LLC and Refinitiv Parent Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, by and among Tradeweb Markets Inc., the Refinitiv Holders (as defined therein), the Bank Holders (as defined therein) and the other holders of Registrable Securities (as defined therein) party thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.3 Fifth Amended and Restated LLC Agreement of Tradeweb Markets LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.4 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, by and among Tradeweb Markets Inc., Tradeweb Markets LLC and the members of Tradeweb Markets LLC from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.5 Restrictive Covenant Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, by and among the Refinitiv Entities (as defined therein), Tradeweb Markets LLC and Tradeweb Markets Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.6 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing bank and swing line lender, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as documentation agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.6.1 Amendment No.1, dated as of November 7, 2019, among Tradeweb Markets LLC and each lender party thereto, relating to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, among Tradeweb Markets LLC, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing bank and swing line lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.7 Security Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2019, among the grantors identified therein and Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.8 Employment Agreement by and between Lee Olesky and Tradeweb Markets LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 10.9 Employment Agreement by and between William Hult and Tradeweb Markets LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 10.10 Amended and Restated Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2018 Share Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.11 Form of Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2018 Share Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 10.12 Amended Restated Tradeweb Markets Inc. PRSU Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.13 Form of PRSU Agreement under the Amended Restated Tradeweb Markets Inc. PRSU Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 10.14 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan PRSU Award Agreement (Form of PRSU Agreement for Messrs. Olesky and Hult) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2020 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.15 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan PRSU Award Agreement (Form of PRSU Agreement for other Executive Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2020 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.16 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.17 Form of Director RSU Agreement under the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.18 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Form of RSU Agreement for Messrs. Olesky and Hult) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2020 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.19 + 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Form of RSU Agreement for other Executive Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2020 (File No. 001-38860)). 
 10.20 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 10.21 + 
 Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018, by and between Tradeweb Markets LLC, Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC and Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230115)). 
 10.22 Employment Offer Letter by and between Sara Furber and Tradeweb Markets LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 29, 2021 (File No. 001-38860)) . 
 10.23 Amendment to Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated July 24, 2020, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 10.24 ++ Second Amendment to the Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 10.25 ++ Third Amendment to the Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated April 21, 2021, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 10.26 ++ Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.27 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated August 1, 202 1, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 10.28 ++ Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated September 13, 2022, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 10.29 ++ Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended Restated Market Data Agreement, dated February 1, 2023, by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, Refinitiv US LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC) and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f/k/a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.) 
 10.30 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2023, by and between William Hult and Tradeweb Markets LLC. 
 10.31 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Form of PSU Agreement for Mr. Hult) . 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted and separately filed with the SEC pursuant to a request for confidential treatment which has been granted by the SEC. 
 ++ Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 

141 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. February 24, 2023 /s/ William Hult By: William Hult Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ William Hult 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 February 24, 2023 William Hult 
 /s/ Sara Furber 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 24, 2023 Sara Furber 
 /s/ Jacques Aigrain 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Jacques Aigrain 
 /s/ Balbir Bakhshi 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Balbir Bakhshi /s/ Steven Berns 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Steven Berns /s/ John G. Finley 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 John G. Finley 
 /s/ Scott C. Ganeles 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Scott C. Ganeles 
 /s/ Paula B. Madoff 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Paula B. Madoff 
 /s/ Lee Olesky 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Lee Olesky 
 /s/ Thomas Pluta 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Thomas Pluta 
 /s/ Murray Roos 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Murray Roos 
 /s/ Rana Yared 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 Rana Yared 
 
 142 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1023.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.23 
 
 AMENDMENT TO 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment (this Amendment ), dated as of July 24, 2020 and made effective as of January 1, 2020 (the Effective Date ), shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . 
 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the Agreement and its predecessor agreements, the Parties have cooperated and continue to cooperate through various means to migrate, upgrade or cross-sell certain Tradeweb customers to become subscribers of Refinitiv Desktop Products or other Refinitiv Services 
 
 WHEREAS, as part of that cooperation, Tradeweb has continued to provide certain customers users with access to the Tradeweb Viewer without billing those customers directly for that service (such customers, the Joint Customers , and such users, the Joint Customer Users 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb s obligation to continue providing such access and support with respect to Existing Target Customers terminated on the Effective Date and Refinitiv s obligation to pay Cancelled Subscription Fees terminated for most Joint Customer Users on or prior to the Effective Date, and will terminate for the remainder of the relevant Joint Customer Users on a rolling basis through October 31, 2025 as set forth in the Agreement (following termination of all such access, support or payment obligations with respect to it, each such relevant Joint Customer is referred to as a Recaptured Customer , and each such Joint Customer User is referred to as a Recaptured User and after each such respective termination, Tradeweb desires to charge the Recaptured Customers its standard fees for accessing the Tradeweb Viewer and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that for certain of the Recaptured Customers, Tradeweb shall invoice the Refinitiv Parties (or a designated Affiliate) for the Tradeweb Viewer fees owed by such Recaptured Customers with respect to their current Recaptured Users instead of invoicing such Recaptured Customers directly, and the Refinitiv Parties shall be responsible for paying (or causing to be paid) such invoiced amounts. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 

1. Specified Customer Fees . Set forth on Schedule A hereto (as it may be modified in accordance with paragraph 4 below) are (a) certain Recaptured Customers (each, a Specified Customer ), (b) the product and functionality access currently held by certain Recaptured Users of each such Specified Customer (such Recaptured Users, the Covered Users and such access, Covered User Access ), and (c) the current standard fees applicable to such Covered User Access (the Covered Fees ). 
 
 2. Invoicing and Payment . Tradeweb shall not invoice a Specified Customer for any Covered User Access and shall, effective as of the Effective Date, instead invoice the Covered Fees on a monthly basis to TRM (or a designated Affiliate thereof). TRM shall pay or cause to be paid, as applicable, all Covered Fees, the undisputed portion of which shall be payable within thirty (30) days following the date of receipt of such invoice. If TRM shall dispute any amount invoiced hereunder, TRM and Tradeweb shall attempt in good faith for a period of at least thirty (30) days to resolve such dispute between themselves, following which TRM may elect by providing a Dispute Notice to resolve the matter (such matter to be deemed a Dispute Resolution Matter) under the Dispute Resolution Process. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) in addition to the above, Tradeweb may invoice a Specified Customer for other goods or services provided to it that do not constitute Covered User Access, (b) in the event that any Covered User Access is removed in accordance with paragraph 4 below, the Refinitiv Parties shall no longer be obligated to pay 

or cause to be paid the corresponding Covered Fees following the end of the month during which such removal occurs, and (c) for so long as TRM, or its designated Affiliate, is paying a Cancelled Subscription Fee in respect of any User, Tradeweb shall not invoice the relevant Joint Customer in relation to such User's access to services covered by the Cancelled Subscription Fee. 
 
 3. Specified Customer Services. 
 
 (a) For so long as the Refinitiv Parties are paying the relevant Covered Fees with respect to a Specified Customer (i) Tradeweb, or a Tradeweb Subsidiary, as applicable, shall continue to perform any obligations under the applicable Specified Customer agreements relevant to its Covered User Access and (ii) Tradeweb hereby grants to GRC a non-exclusive license sublicensable by GRC to TRM (or those TRM Affiliates to which such Specified Customer agreement was assigned pursuant to the Original Agreement) for each of that Specified Customer s Covered Users to use and access the Tradeweb Viewer in connection with their applicable Covered User Access. 
 
 (b) Tradeweb shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts to, where applicable, assist TRM in migrating each applicable Specified Customer into a Refinitiv Desktop Product or Refinitiv Service from the Tradeweb Viewer and from legacy Tradeweb contracts to TRM or TRM Affiliate contracts until such date as the Refinitiv Parties are no longer paying Covered Fees with respect to such Specified Customer. 
 
 4. Modification of Schedule A . In addition to amendments to the Agreement permitted under the terms thereof, Schedule A may be modified as follows 
 
 (a) Any part of Schedule A may be modified at any time by email confirmation by both of (i) for Tradeweb, a Managing Director in the Market Data group (or successor thereto) or an executive level corporate officer of Tradeweb, and (ii) for the Refinitiv Parties, Michael Ehrlich or Head of Content Acquisition, Americas (or such persons designated successor(s)) (each, a Party s Designated Authority ). For the sake of clarity, additional Users at Specified Customers may be added as Covered Users in accordance with the foregoing procedure, provided that such email confirmation specifies the relevant Covered User Access and Covered Fees in relation to each additional User. In addition, following the modification of Schedule A in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 4(a), in the event Refinitiv transfers a Refinitiv Service from a Covered User to another User at a Specified Customer, Tradeweb shall, at the Refinitiv Parties Designated Authority s request, cooperate with Refinitiv to transfer the relevant Covered User Access to such other User 
 
 (b) Any Covered User Access may be removed at any time with effect from the end of the month following notice from the Refinitiv Parties Designated Authority to Tradeweb s Designated Authority that it has determined in its sole discretion to cease paying the relevant Covered Fees for such Covered User Access on behalf of the relevant Covered User provided that the Refinitiv Parties shall, at the same time such notice is provided to Tradeweb, notify the relevant Specified Customer of its intention to cease paying the relevant Covered Fees for such Covered User Access and direct such Specified Customer to Tradeweb for continued access to the Covered User Access. In addition, Tradeweb s Designated Authority shall notify the Refinitiv Parties Designated Authority if it determines in its sole discretion to cease offering any Covered User Access to the relevant Covered User or if any Specified Customer cancels any Covered User Access and the relevant Covered User Access shall be removed with effect from the end of the month following such notice (provided, that in the event Tradeweb thereafter determines to begin offering such Covered User Access again, it shall notify the Refinitiv Parties in the same manner and, if requested by the Refinitiv Parties Designated Authority, such Covered User Access shall be added to Schedule A again) 
 
 (c) In the event that Tradeweb modifies its standard fees for services that constitute Covered User Access and such changes are applicable generally to its customers, then Tradeweb s Designated Authority shall provide at least 90 days prior notice of such modifications to the Refinitiv Parties Designated Authority and such modifications shall be equally applicable (in scope and timing) to all Covered User Access, and the Covered Fees shall be automatically modified to such effect effective at the expiration of such notice period and 
 
 2 

(d) For each Joint Customer User that becomes a Recaptured User after the Effective Date, the relevant Recaptured Customer shall be automatically added to Schedule A as a Specified Customer (if not already a Specified Customer) and such Recaptured User shall be automatically added to Schedule A as a Covered User, specifying the relevant Covered User Access (and in such case, the Covered Fees will be the standard Tradeweb fees then in effect for such Covered User Access). 
 
 5. Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for so long as there is any Covered User Access, unless the Parties agree in writing to earlier terminate this Amendment. For the avoidance of doubt, this Amendment shall terminate upon the expiration or termination of the Agreement provided that the parties shall cooperate in good faith to ensure an orderly transition of the arrangements hereunder prior to such expiration or termination. 
 
 6. Miscellaneous . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. 

(remainder of page intentionally left blank) 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By __ s Sarah Andrews ________ 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Global Head of Preferred Partnerships 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By _ s Kerry Baker Relf ________ 
 Name Kerry Baker Relf 
 Title Head of Core Partner Marketplace 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By __ s Douglas Friedman ________ Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel 

4 

SCHEDULE A 
 Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 5 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1024.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.24 
 
 Certain identified information has been omitted from this document pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is not material, is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed, and has been marked with to indicate where omissions have been made. 
 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Second Amendment (this Amendment ), dated as of March 26, 2021 (the Effective Date ), shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as previously amended by the Parties effective January 1, 2020, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb has developed certain data and analytics for municipal bond pricing (the Municipal AiPrice and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to set out the terms under which each of the Parties can distribute the Municipal AiPrice. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. License and Distribution . The Municipal AiPrice shall constitute Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data and is hereby added to Schedule C to the Agreement (and for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be a New Market Data Set or an Innovative Solution), and except as set forth herein all references to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data in the Agreement shall include the Municipal AiPrice and all rights and obligations relevant to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data under the Agreement shall apply equally to the Municipal AiPrice. In accordance with the foregoing, any third Person that executes an agreement with Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates subscribing to the Municipal AiPrice (either directly or through a Distribution Channel (defined below)) shall be a Tradeweb Municipal AiPrice Customer and any third Person that executes an agreement with GRC or any of its Affiliates subscribing to receive the Municipal AiPrice shall be a Refinitiv Municipal AiPrice Customer . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates distributes the Municipal AiPrice to Tradeweb Municipal AiPrice Customers via one or more third party distributors (each, a Distribution Channel ), Tradeweb will include language in its agreement with each such Distribution Channel prohibiting its use of the Municipal AiPrice for any purpose other than distribution of the Municipal AiPrice to Tradeweb Municipal AiPrice Customers in substantially the form provided by Tradeweb provided further that the Refinitiv Parties will consider in good faith any request by Tradeweb to permit an exception to such prohibition and will make such a determination in their sole reasonable discretion. TRM, which is party (with Tradeweb) to the Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement dated November 1, 2010 (as amended, the SSA ), hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the SSA, Tradeweb is not restricted from using the data it receives under the SSA in the creation, distribution (including via Distribution Channels) and historical maintenance of the Municipal AiPrice and (ii) nothing in the SSA gives TRM any ownership rights in or to the Municipal AiPrice. 
 
 2. Delivery of Municipal AiPrice to Customers . Section 3.3 of the Agreement shall not apply to the Municipal AiPrice. The Parties shall mutually agree on the manner and schedule of delivery of the Municipal AiPrice from Tradeweb to the Refinitiv Parties. 
 
 3. Fees and Payment . 
 
 (a) Customer Pricing . For the avoidance of doubt, Section 3.9 and Section 4.7 of the Agreement shall apply to the pricing of the Municipal AiPrice by GRC (and its Affiliates). 

(b) Refinitiv License Fee . During the Term and the Transition Period, GRC shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to Tradeweb an amount equal to percent of the Non-Desktop Revenue in such quarter (the Refinitiv Fee Share ). As used herein, Non-Desktop Revenue means the aggregate revenue GRC and its Affiliates directly generate from the distribution of the Municipal AiPrice by means other than Desktop Products provided that the minimum revenue amount that is included in the Non-Desktop Revenue for each Refinitiv Municipal AiPrice Customer shall not be less than an amount equal to the published Tradeweb price for a standard use license to the Municipal AiPrice by Tradeweb Municipal AiPrice Customers generally. Tradeweb shall promptly notify GRC of any changes to its standard price for the Municipal AiPrice. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.1(b) of the Agreement shall not apply to the Municipal AiPrice, but nothing in this Section 3(b) shall amend or modify any other fees payable pursuant to Article IV of the Agreement. 
 
 (c) Tradeweb Revenue Share . During the Term and the Transition Period, Tradeweb shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to GRC an amount equal to of the aggregate revenue Tradeweb and its Affiliates directly generate from the distribution of the Municipal AiPrice to Tradeweb Municipal AiPrice Customers in such quarter (the Tradeweb Fee Share and, together with the Refinitiv Fee Share, the Fee Share ). 
 
 (d) Payment . The Refinitiv Fee Share shall be payable in accordance with Section 4.4(b) of the Agreement in the same manner in which the Non-Exclusive NMDS Fee Share is payable to Tradeweb. For the avoidance of doubt, the Refinitiv Fee Share shall be included in the definition of Fees under the Agreement. The Tradeweb Fee Share shall be payable on substantially the same terms as the Refinitiv Fee Share. 
 
 4. Term and Termination . 
 
 (a) Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for the duration of the Term (as defined in the Agreement) unless this Amendment is earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties. 
 
 (b) Effect of Termination . The Fee Share with respect to all periods prior to termination of this Amendment shall be payable in accordance with Section 3(d) of this Amendment (which payment, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur following such termination). 
 
 5. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute the sole terms of the Agreement with respect to the Municipal AiPrice. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. Following termination of this Amendment or the Agreement, the following provisions shall survive the last sentence of Section 1, Section 4(b), and this Section 5. 

(remainder of page intentionally left blank) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By s Sarah Andrews 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Managed Partners, Americas 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By s Sarah Andrews 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Managed Partners, Americas 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By s Douglas Friedman Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1025.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.25 
 
 Certain identified information has been omitted from this document pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is not material, is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed, and has been marked with to indicate where omissions have been made. 
 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Third Amendment (this Amendment ), dated as of April 21, 2021 (the Effective Date ), shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as previously amended by the Parties effective January 1, 2020, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement, Tradeweb licenses to GRC certain Exclusive Licensed Market Data, including the evaluated price for U.S. corporate bonds as set forth in Schedule B to the Agreement US Corporate AiPrice 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb has developed certain additional data components for real-time U.S. corporate bond pricing to complement and enhance US Corporate AiPrice (the US Corporate AiPrice Enhanced Data and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties agree that it would be mutually beneficial to provide a single content offering which combines US Corporate AiPrice and the US Corporate AiPrice Enhanced Data (together, the Combined Product ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. License and Distribution . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Combined Product shall constitute Exclusive Licensed Market Data that is set forth in the same group and at the same grouping level as US Corporate AiPrice on Schedule B to the Agreement (but for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be an Exclusive Licensed NMDS), and except as set forth herein all references to Exclusive Licensed Market Data in the Agreement shall include the Combined Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) GRC and its Affiliates are not permitted to distribute the US Corporate AiPrice Enhanced Data to any third Person except as part of the Combined Product, (b) GRC and its Affiliates are permitted, subject to Section 2.5 of the Agreement, to distribute the Combined Product to third Persons solely for (i) uses other than Trading Related Use and (ii) enterprise-wide use which includes Trading Related Use and other uses Enterprise Use (and not for Trading Related Use only) in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and this Amendment Refinitiv Combined Product Customers ), (c) Tradeweb and its Affiliates are permitted, subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.4 of the Agreement with respect to the Refinitiv Competitor List, to distribute the Combined Product electronically or otherwise to any third Person for use in connection with trading and trading support only Trading Related Use in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and this Amendment Tradeweb Combined Product Customers ), and (d) Sections 3.3, 3.5, 5.1 and 5.2(a)-(d) of the Agreement shall not apply to the US Corporate AiPrice Enhanced Data or the Combined Product, and (e) the restrictions on Tradeweb s distribution set forth in Section 2.4 of the Agreement (other than those relating to the Refinitiv Competitor List) shall apply to the Combined Product solely to the extent that they do not prevent Tradeweb from exercising the rights specified in clause (c) above. 

2. Sales Efforts Cooperation . 
 
 (a) Sales Efforts . The Refinitiv Parties shall (or shall cause their Affiliates to) make reasonable good faith efforts to market and sell the Combined Product to third Persons for Enterprise Use. Subject to and without limiting the foregoing, Tradeweb and the Refinitiv Parties shall cooperate in good faith to coordinate the Parties sales and marketing efforts with respect to the Combined Product, including, but not limited to, referring third Persons to each other for distribution of the Combined Product based on such Person s intended use and making reasonable, good faith efforts to contract with any such referred third Person for distribution of the Combined Product. 
 
 (b) Training . Tradeweb further agrees to provide reasonable amounts of educational materials and training sessions relating to the Combined Product methodology to appropriate Refinitiv Parties sales specialists, which provided information may only be used by the Refinitiv Parties to assist in client communication relating to the Combined Product. 

3. Delivery of Combined Product to Customers . The Parties shall mutually agree on the manner and schedule of delivery of the US Corporate AiPrice Enhanced Data and or Combined Product from Tradeweb to the Refinitiv Parties, as well as the date on which the Refinitiv Parties will begin delivering the Combined Product directly to Refinitiv Combined Product Customers (the Refinitiv Delivery Date ). Prior to the Refinitiv Delivery Date, Tradeweb shall deliver the Combined Product to both Tradeweb Combined Product Customers and to Refinitiv Combined Product Customers on behalf of GRC and its Affiliates. On and after the Refinitiv Delivery Date, Tradeweb shall deliver the Combined Product to Tradeweb Combined Product Customers and, upon GRC s request and in Tradeweb s reasonable discretion, to Refinitiv Combined Product Customers on behalf of GRC and its Affiliates that had been receiving such Combined Product from Tradeweb prior to the Refinitiv Delivery Date. 
 
 4. Fees and Payment . 
 
 (a) Customer Pricing . For the avoidance of doubt, Section 3.9 of the Agreement shall apply to the pricing of the Combined Product for both GRC and Tradeweb (and their respective Affiliates) provided, however, that the Parties acknowledge that the fee charged by GRC and its Affiliates for Enterprise Use is intended to be allocated to the Trading Related Use and to other uses, and GRC or its applicable Affiliate shall waive a portion of the fee it charges a Refinitiv Combined Product Customer for Enterprise Use by up to (and such waiver will be modified or rescinded) as soon as reasonably possible following written request for same sent by a Managing Director of Tradeweb (an Enterprise Customer Trading Use Discount and provided further that GRC and its Affiliates shall not take into account the existence of an Enterprise Customer Trading Use Discount in determining the pre-discount fee it charges a Refinitiv Combined Product Customer for Enterprise Use. 
 
 (b) License Fee . During the Term and the Transition Period (including for periods prior to the Effective Date of this Amendment), GRC shall pay on a quarterly basis to Tradeweb an amount equal to percent of the Aggregate Enterprise Revenue in such quarter, less all Enterprise Customer Trading Use Discounts applied during that quarter (the Combined Product Fee Share ). As used herein, Aggregate Enterprise Revenue means the aggregate revenue GRC and its Affiliates directly generate from the distribution of the Combined Product to Refinitiv Combined Product Customers for Enterprise Use through or by means of Desktop Products or other Refinitiv Services, before taking into account any Enterprise Customer Trading Use Discounts provided that the revenue for each Refinitiv Combined Product Customer that is included in the Aggregate Enterprise Revenue shall in no event be less than per month, unless otherwise agreed between the parties. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4(b) shall amend or modify any fees payable pursuant to Article IV of the Agreement. 
 
 (c) Payment . The Combined Product Fee Share shall be payable in accordance with Section 4.4(b) of the Agreement in the same manner in which the Exclusive NMDS Fee Share is payable to Tradeweb. All Combined Product Fee Share amounts owed with respect to periods prior to the Effective Date shall be payable on the first applicable payment date after the Effective Date. For the 
 2 

avoidance of doubt, the Combined Product Fee Share shall be included in the definition of Fees under the Agreement. 
 
 5. Term and Termination . 
 
 (a) Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for the duration of the Term (as defined in the Agreement) unless this Amendment is earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties or in accordance with Section 5(b) below. 
 
 (b) Termination . In the event of a breach of Section 2(a) of this Amendment by the Refinitiv Parties, Tradeweb may terminate this Amendment upon written notice to the Refinitiv Parties provided that if the Refinitiv Parties remedy such breach within 30 days of Tradeweb s notice than the Amendment will continue in full force and effect. 
 
 (c) Effect of Termination . The Combined Product Fee Share with respect to all periods prior to termination of this Amendment shall be payable in accordance with Section 4(c) of this Amendment (which payment, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur following such termination). Following termination of this Amendment by Tradeweb pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Amendment, the Combined Product shall thereafter be treated as a Non-Exclusive Licensed NMDS under the Agreement, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, and the Agreement shall be automatically amended to remove the Combined Product from Schedule B thereto and included instead on Schedule C thereto. This Section 5(c) shall survive termination of this Amendment. 
 
 6. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute the sole terms of the Agreement with respect to the U.S. Corporate AiPrice Enhanced Data and the Combined Product. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. 

(remainder of page intentionally left blank) 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews _________ 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Managed Partners, Data & Analytics 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews ________ 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Managed Partners, Data & Analytics 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By _ s Douglas Friedman ______ Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel 

4 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1026.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.26 
 
 Certain identified information has been omitted from this document pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is not material, is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed, and has been marked with to indicate where omissions have been made. 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Fourth Amendment (this Amendment ), dated as of September 9 th , 2021 (the Effective Date ), shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as previously amended by the Parties effective January 1, 2020, March 26, 2021 and April 21, 2021, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb has developed a service to calculate the indicative net asset value of certain exchange traded funds ETFs or similar baskets of instruments on an intraday basis (the iNAV Data ), to deliver such iNAV Data to clients subscribing to that calculation service, and to distribute a portion of such iNAV Data as a data feed (the Standard iNAV Data Feed for limited use on a non-commercial basis to certain exchanges or other third Persons (which may include Refinitiv) on behalf of those clients, to help the clients comply with the requirements and recommended actions under applicable laws, regulations, exchange and other self-regulatory organization rules, contracts and otherwise (the iNAV Calculation Service 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb s arrangements for the provision of the iNAV Calculation Service may permit Tradeweb to sell, license, distribute and redistribute to third Persons the full real-time and historical iNAV Data set (the Premium iNAV Data Feed for each applicable ETF or similar basket of instruments resulting from the iNAV Calculation Service (the iNAV Licensing Service and in such event, Refinitiv wishes to be a non-exclusive redistributor of the Premium iNAV Data Feed and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to set out the terms under which Tradeweb provides the iNAV Calculation Service to Tradeweb Calculation Customers (as defined below) and the terms under which the Parties may otherwise redistribute iNAV Data as part of the iNAV Calculation Service and the iNAV Licensing Service. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. iNAV Calculation Service . 
 
 (a) Use of Data . The Refinitiv Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Tradeweb is not restricted from using the U.S. Corporate AiPrice (as defined in the Third Amendment to the Agreement, which is Exclusive Licensed Data under the Agreement) and any Derivative Works thereof as a backup source of data for pricing U.S. credit instruments when the primary pricing source for such instruments is unavailable, in connection with the performance of the iNAV Calculation Service, including (without limitation) in the calculation and creation of iNAV Data and in the sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance of such iNAV Data in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service (which sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance may occur even following termination of the Agreement with respect to such historical iNAV Data created prior to such termination in accordance with the terms of this Amendment). TRM, which is party (with Tradeweb) to the Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement dated November 1, 2010 (as amended, the SSA ), hereby acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the SSA, Tradeweb is not restricted from using the Refinitiv FX Rates data (to convert iNAV prices into different currencies before distribution) and the Refinitiv Security Master data (for calculations of accrued interest and benchmark movement), which data Tradeweb receives under the SSA, and any Derivative Works thereof in connection with the performance of the iNAV Calculation Service, including (without limitation) in the calculation and creation of iNAV Data and in the sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance of such iNAV Data in connection with 

the iNAV Calculation Service (which sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance may occur even following termination of the SSA with respect to such historical iNAV Data created prior to such termination in accordance with the terms of this Amendment) provided that the foregoing shall always be subject to Section 3.8 of the SSA, if applicable. 
 
 (b) Redistribution of Standard iNAV Data Feed . As a component of the iNAV Calculation Service, Tradeweb will provide Refinitiv with the Standard iNAV Data Feed unless it is prohibited from doing so contractually or otherwise, and Refinitiv shall only use and redistribute the iNAV Data it receives in the Standard iNAV Data Feed as permitted pursuant to the terms of use entered into by the Parties with respect thereto (it being understood that such terms of use must be entered into prior to Refinitiv receiving the Standard iNAV Data Feed). 
 
 2. iNAV Licensing Service . 
 
 (a) Redistribution Rights . Solely to the extent that Tradeweb retains the right to operate the iNAV Licensing Service with respect to the Premium iNAV Data Feed pursuant to its arrangements in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service, (a) the Premium iNAV Data Feed shall constitute Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data under the Agreement and will be automatically added to Schedule C thereto (and for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be a New Market Data Set or an Innovative Solution), and except as set forth herein all references to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data in the Agreement shall include the Premium iNAV Data Feed and all rights and obligations relevant to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data under the Agreement shall apply equally to the Premium iNAV Data Feed, (b) Section 3.3 of the Agreement shall not apply to the Premium iNAV Data Feed and instead the Parties shall mutually agree on the manner and schedule of delivery of the Premium iNAV Data Feed from Tradeweb to the Refinitiv Parties, and (c) Refinitiv shall only use and redistribute the iNAV Data it receives in the Premium iNAV Data Feed as permitted pursuant to the terms of use entered into by the Parties with respect thereto (it being understood that such terms of use must be entered into prior to Refinitiv receiving the Premium iNAV Data Feed). To the extent that Tradeweb does not retain the right to operate the iNAV Licensing Service with respect to the Premium iNAV Data Feed, nothing herein or in the Agreement or SSA shall either (i) grant the Refinitiv Parties or any of their Affiliates any right to use or distribute the Premium iNAV Data Feed in any way or (ii) restrict the Refinitiv Parties or any of their Affiliates from contracting with a third Person for such rights. 
 
 (b) Exceptions . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that distribution of iNAV Data in the following manner will not constitute a commercial distribution of iNAV Data that is part of the iNAV Licensing Service, and any recipient thereof will not constitute a Tradeweb iNAV Customer or Refinitiv iNAV Customer as applicable (each as defined below) 
 
 (i) distribution of the Standard iNAV Data Feed as a component of the iNAV Calculation Service (for clarity, the foregoing shall not affect the revenue share GRC receives under Section 4(c) in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service) 
 
 (ii) distribution to a Tradeweb Calculation Customer of the iNAV Data calculated for such Tradeweb Calculation Customer as part of the iNAV Calculation Service provided that to the extent that a Tradeweb Calculation Customer requests that the Refinitiv Parties or any of their Affiliates deliver such iNAV Data rather than Tradeweb providing it directly, the Refinitiv Parties and their Affiliates shall not charge such Tradeweb Calculation Customer any fees for such delivery other than (at their discretion) a standard, reasonable connectivity or service fee (which fee for the avoidance of doubt shall not be subject to the revenue share under Section 4(b)). For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2(b)(ii) does not apply to the extent a Tradeweb Calculation Customer subscribes for delivery of a Premium iNAV Data Feed other than as part of the iNAV Calculation Service (i.e., delivery of another issuer s iNAV Data) and 
 
 (iii) display and distribution of iNAV Data by Tradeweb and its Affiliates to their customers in connection with providing trading-related services on a Tradeweb Platform to the same extent as Tradeweb is permitted to distribute Exclusive Licensed Data under Section 2.4 of the Agreement (including in connection with pricing the execution of trades and any uses directly arising therefrom (including distribution in post-trade confirmations, clearing and reporting), provided that the Parties do not intend for this parenthetical to have any bearing on the interpretation of Section 2.4 of the Agreement outside of this clause (iii)), without regard to whether the recipient is on the Refinitiv Competitor List (it also being understood and agreed that iNAV Data is not Exclusive Licensed Data under the Agreement and the distribution restrictions set forth in Section 2.4 thereof do not apply to the iNAV Data). 
 
 3. Customers . Any third Person to which Tradeweb provides the iNAV Calculation Service shall be a Tradeweb Calculation Customer . Subject to Section 2(b) above, any third Person that licenses the Premium iNAV 

Data Feed from Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates (directly or through a redistributor) as part of the iNAV Licensing Service shall be a Tradeweb iNAV Customer . Subject to Section 2(b) above, any third Person that receives the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service from GRC or any of its Affiliates (directly or through a redistributor) shall be a Refinitiv iNAV Customer . 
 
 4. Fees and Payment . 
 
 (a) Customer Pricing . For the avoidance of doubt, if applicable pursuant to Section 2 of this Amendment, each Party and their Affiliates may distribute the Premium iNAV Data Feed to Tradeweb iNAV Customers and Refinitiv iNAV Customers (as applicable) at prices determined by such Party (or their applicable Affiliate) in its sole discretion, provided that no Party shall (and each Party shall cause their Affiliates not to) license the Premium iNAV Data Feed as a Loss Leader. 
 
 (b) Refinitiv License Fee . As applicable pursuant to Section 2(a) of this Amendment, during the Term and the Transition Period GRC shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to Tradeweb an amount equal to percent of the Non-Desktop Revenue in such quarter (the Refinitiv Fee Share ). As used herein, Non-Desktop Revenue means the aggregate revenue GRC and its Affiliates directly generate from the redistribution of the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service licensed hereunder to Refinitiv iNAV Customers over, through or by means other than Desktop Products. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the standard distributor fee applicable to third Person distributors of the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service is included in the Annual License Fee and no additional fees shall be payable in respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.1(b) of the Agreement shall not apply to the Premium iNAV Data Feed, but nothing in this Section 4(b) shall amend or modify any other fees payable pursuant to Article IV of the Agreement. 
 
 (c) Tradeweb Revenue Share . During the Term and the Transition Period, Tradeweb shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to GRC an amount equal to percent of the aggregate revenue Tradeweb and its Affiliates directly generate from (i) the provision of the iNAV Calculation Service to Tradeweb Calculation Customers in such quarter and (ii) the distribution of the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service to Tradeweb iNAV Customers (the Tradeweb Fee Share and, together with the Refinitiv Fee Share, the Fee Shares ). 
 
 (d) Payment . The Refinitiv Fee Share shall be payable in accordance with Section 4.4(b) of the Agreement in the same manner in which the Non-Exclusive NMDS Fee Share is payable to Tradeweb. For the avoidance of doubt, the Refinitiv Fee Share shall be included in the definition of Fees under the Agreement. The Tradeweb Fee Share shall be payable on substantially the same terms as the Refinitiv Fee Share. 
 
 5. Ownership . 
 
 (a) Intellectual Property . As between the Parties, Tradeweb shall own all right, title and interest in and to the iNAV Calculation Service, the iNAV Licensing Service and all iNAV Data (including the Standard iNAV Data Feed and the Premium iNAV Data Feed) (the Tradeweb IP ). Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in the Agreement or in the SSA gives any Refinitiv Party or any of its Affiliates any ownership, intellectual property, or other rights in or to the Tradeweb IP or otherwise restricts Tradeweb from offering the iNAV Calculation Service or iNAV Licensing Service or from otherwise using, licensing or distributing the iNAV Data provided that this shall not affect any Refinitiv Party s, any of its Affiliates and or any third Person s ownership of intellectual property rights in the Refinitiv FX Rates data and the Refinitiv Security Master data that Tradeweb uses in connection with its performance of the iNAV Calculation Service or in its creation of the iNAV Data . 
 
 (b) Derivative Works . As between the Parties, Tradeweb shall own all right, title and interest in and to any Derivative Works it creates from the Tradeweb IP provided that the foregoing shall not grant Tradeweb any additional rights to create Derivative Works of the Tradeweb IP using any (i) data licensed to Tradeweb under the SSA or (ii) Exclusive Licensed Data under the Agreement, beyond what is provided in those agreements and in Section 1(a) of this Amendment. 
 
 6. Term and Termination . 
 
 (a) Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for the duration of the Term (as defined in the Agreement) unless this Amendment is earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties. 

(b) Effect of Termination . The Fee Shares with respect to all periods prior to termination of this Amendment shall be payable in accordance with Section 4(d) of this Amendment (which payment, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur following such termination). 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute the sole terms of the Agreement with respect to the iNAV Calculation Service, the iNAV Licensing Service and iNAV Data. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. Following termination of this Amendment or the Agreement, the following provisions shall survive Section 1(a) (to the extent it is expressly applicable post-termination), Section 6(b) and this Section 7. 

(remainder of page intentionally left blank) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews _________ 
 Sarah Andrews 
 Head of Americas, Managed Partners, Data and Analytics 
 London Stock Exchange Group 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews _________ 
 Sarah Andrews 
 Head of Americas, Managed Partners, Data and Analytics 
 London Stock Exchange Group 

TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By __ s Douglas Friedman _______ Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 6
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1027.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.27 
 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Fifth Amendment (this Amendment ), effective as of August 1 st 2021 (the Effective Date ), shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement, Tradeweb licenses to GRC (i) Dealerweb Top of Book U.S. Treasury On-the-Run Quotes and Dealerweb Top of Book U.S. Treasury Off-the-Run Quotes as set forth in Schedule B to the Agreement Top of Book and (ii) delayed post-trade MiFID II Outbound Data (APA and MTF) as described in Schedule C to the Agreement Delayed MiFID II Data 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb wishes to use Top of Book as a data component in the calculation of the Tradeweb ICE U.S. Treasury Closing Prices (together with any direct successor thereto, UST Closing Prices and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Refinitiv Parties wish to use Delayed MiFID II Data as a data component in the calculation of Refinitiv Trade Discovery FRTB Indicator ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. Top of Book . The Refinitiv Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Tradeweb is not restricted from using or licensing Top of Book and any Derivative Works thereof in connection with the calculation, creation and administration of UST Closing Prices. Further, nothing in the Agreement or this Amendment gives any Refinitiv Party or any of its Affiliates any ownership, intellectual property, or other rights in or to UST Closing Prices or otherwise restricts Tradeweb or its Affiliates from using, licensing or distributing UST Closing Prices. 
 
 2. Delayed MiFID Data . Tradeweb hereby acknowledges and agrees that the license to Delayed MiFID Data granted to GRC under Section 2.1 of the Agreement shall include the additional right to use Delayed MiFID Data in connection with the calculation and creation of FRTB Indicator. Further, nothing in the Agreement or this Amendment gives Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates any ownership, intellectual property, or other rights in or to FRTB Indicator or otherwise restricts GRC or its Affiliates from using, licensing or distributing FRTB Indicator. 
 
 3. Fees . There shall be no fees payable by any Party hereunder and the Parties agree that each Party will fulfill any obligations hereunder at its own cost and expense. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 3 shall amend or modify any other fees payable pursuant to Article IV of the Agreement. 
 
 4. Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for the duration of the Term (as defined in the Agreement) unless this Amendment is earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties. 
 
 5. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute the sole terms of the Agreement with respect to the subject matter herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. Following termination of this Amendment or the Agreement, the following provisions shall survive Sections 1 and 2 (in each case, to the extent it is expressly applicable post-termination) and this Section 5. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment effective as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By s Sarah Andrews 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Managed Partners, Americas 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By s Kerry Baker Relf 
 Name Kerry Baker Relf 
 Title Head of Strategic Data Licensing 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By s Douglas Friedman Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel and Secretary 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 7
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1028.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.28 
 
 Certain identified information has been omitted from this document pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is not material, is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed, and has been marked with to indicate where omissions have been made. 
 
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Sixth Amendment (this Amendment ), dated as of September 13, 2022 (the Effective Date ), shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb has developed the Tradeweb Daily Sided Liquidity Score Series that ranks the liquidity of instruments of various asset by applying machine learning algorithms to trading activity and live inventory (the Liquidity Score Series and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to set out the terms under which each of the Parties can distribute the Liquidity Score Series. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. License and Distribution . While the Liquidity Score Series was developed as a Next Generation Innovative Solution, it shall hereafter constitute Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data and is hereby added to Schedule C to the Agreement (and for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be a New Market Data Set and shall no longer be considered an Innovative Solution), and except as set forth herein all references to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data in the Agreement shall include the Liquidity Score Series and all rights and obligations relevant to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data under the Agreement shall apply equally to the Liquidity Score Series. In accordance with the foregoing, any third Person that is not a Tradeweb-Entitled Trading Customer (as defined in the Agreement) and executes an agreement with Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates subscribing to the Liquidity Score Series (either directly or through a Distribution Channel (defined below)) shall be a Tradeweb Liquidity Score Series Customer and any third Person that executes an agreement with GRC or any of its Affiliates subscribing to receive the Liquidity Score Series shall be a Refinitiv Liquidity Score Series Customer . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates distributes the Liquidity Score Series to Tradeweb Liquidity Score Series Customers via one or more third party distributors (each, a Distribution Channel ), Tradeweb will include language in its agreement with each such Distribution Channel prohibiting its use of the Liquidity Score Series for any purpose other than distribution of the Liquidity Score Series to Tradeweb Liquidity Score Series Customers in substantially the form provided by Tradeweb provided further that the Refinitiv Parties will consider in good faith any request by Tradeweb to permit an exception to such prohibition and will make such a determination in their sole reasonable discretion. TRM, which is party (with Tradeweb) to the Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement dated November 1, 2010 (as amended, the SSA ), hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the SSA, Tradeweb is not restricted from using the security master and Refinitiv calculated FX rates data it receives under the SSA in the creation, distribution (including via Distribution Channels) and historical maintenance of the Liquidity Score Series and (ii) nothing in the SSA or this Amendment gives TRM any ownership rights in or to the Liquidity Score Series. 
 
 2. Delivery of Liquidity Score Series to Customers . Section 3.3 of the Agreement shall not apply to the Liquidity Score Series. The Parties shall mutually agree on the manner and schedule of delivery of the Liquidity Score Series from Tradeweb to the Refinitiv Parties. 

3. Fees and Payment . 
 
 (a) Customer Pricing . For the avoidance of doubt, Section 3.9 and Section 4.7 of the Agreement shall apply to the pricing of the Liquidity Score Series by GRC (and its Affiliates). 
 
 (b) Refinitiv License Fee . During the Term and the Transition Period, GRC shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to Tradeweb an amount equal to percent of (i) the Non-Desktop Revenue in such quarter and (ii) in the event that GRC and its Affiliates charge a separate fee for the distribution of the Liquidity Score Series by means of the Desktop Products, the Desktop Revenue in such quarter (the Refinitiv Fee Share ). As used herein, Non-Desktop Revenue means the aggregate revenue GRC and its Affiliates directly generate from the distribution of the Liquidity Score Series to Refinitiv Liquidity Score Series Customers by means other than Desktop Products provided that the minimum revenue amount that is included in the Non-Desktop Revenue for each Refinitiv Liquidity Score Series Customer shall not be less than an amount equal to the published Tradeweb price for a standard use license to the Liquidity Score Series by Tradeweb Liquidity Score Series Customers generally. As used herein, Desktop Revenue means the aggregate revenue GRC and its Affiliates directly generate from the distribution of the Liquidity Score Series to Refinitiv Liquidity Score Series Customers by means of the Desktop Products. Tradeweb shall promptly notify GRC of any changes to its standard price for the Liquidity Score Series. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.1(b) of the Agreement shall not apply to the Liquidity Score Series, but nothing in this Section 3(b) shall amend or modify any other fees payable pursuant to Article IV of the Agreement. 
 
 (c) Tradeweb Revenue Share . During the Term and the Transition Period, Tradeweb shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to GRC an amount equal to of the aggregate revenue Tradeweb and its Affiliates directly generate from the distribution of the Liquidity Score Series to Tradeweb Liquidity Score Series Customers in such quarter (the Tradeweb Fee Share ). 
 
 (d) Payment . The Refinitiv Fee Share shall be payable in accordance with Section 4.4(b) of the Agreement in the same manner in which the Non-Exclusive NMDS Fee Share (as defined in the Agreement) is payable to Tradeweb. For the avoidance of doubt, the Refinitiv Fee Share shall be included in the definition of Fees under the Agreement. The Tradeweb Fee Share shall be payable on substantially the same terms as the Refinitiv Fee Share. 
 
 4. Term and Termination . 
 
 (a) Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for the duration of the Term (as defined in the Agreement) unless this Amendment is earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties. 
 
 (b) Effect of Termination . Both the Tradeweb Fee Share and the Refinitiv Fee Share with respect to all periods prior to termination of this Amendment shall be payable in accordance with Section 3(d) of this Amendment (which payment, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur following such termination). 
 
 Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute the sole terms of the Agreement with respect to the Liquidity Score Series. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. Following termination of this Amendment or the Agreement, the following provisions shall survive the last sentence of Section 1, Section 4(b), and this Section 5. 
 
 signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews _________ 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Americas, Managed Partners 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By _ s Kerry Baker Relf ________ 
 Name Kerry Baker Relf 
 Title Head of Strategic Data Licensing 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By _ s Douglas Friedman _____ Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 8
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1029.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.29 
 
 Certain identified information has been omitted from this document pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is not material, is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed, and has been marked with to indicate where omissions have been made. 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED MARKET DATA AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment (this Amendment ), dated as of February 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ), shall amend and restate that certain Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2021 (the Original Amendment and as such shall amend the Second Amended & Restated Market Data Agreement, dated November 1, 2018 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement ), by and among Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Tradeweb ), Refinitiv US LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, TRM ), and Refinitiv US Organization LLC (f k a Thomson Reuters (GRC) Inc.), a Delaware corporation GRC ). TRM and GRC are referred to herein as the Refinitiv Parties , and together with Tradeweb, the Parties . The Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended by this Amendment and the terms of this Amendment shall supplement and form part of the Agreement. All sections of the Agreement not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect as specified in the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb has developed a service to calculate the indicative net asset value of certain exchange traded funds ETFs or similar baskets of instruments on an intraday basis (the iNAV Data ), to deliver such iNAV Data to clients subscribing to that calculation service, and to distribute a portion of such iNAV Data as a data feed (the Standard iNAV Data Feed for limited use on a non-commercial basis to certain exchanges or other third Persons (which may include Refinitiv) on behalf of those clients, to help the clients comply with the requirements and recommended actions under applicable laws, regulations, exchange and other self-regulatory organization rules, contracts and otherwise (the iNAV Calculation Service 
 
 WHEREAS, Tradeweb s arrangements for the provision of the iNAV Calculation Service may permit Tradeweb to sell, license, distribute and redistribute to third Persons the full real-time and historical iNAV Data set (the Premium iNAV Data Feed for each applicable ETF or similar basket of instruments resulting from the iNAV Calculation Service (the iNAV Licensing Service and in such event, Refinitiv wishes to be a non-exclusive redistributor of the Premium iNAV Data Feed and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to enter into this Amendment to amend and restate the Original Amendment and to set out the terms under which Tradeweb provides the iNAV Calculation Service to Tradeweb Calculation Customers (as defined below) and the terms under which the Parties may otherwise redistribute iNAV Data as part of the iNAV Calculation Service and the iNAV Licensing Service. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. iNAV Calculation Service . 
 
 (a) Use of Data . The Refinitiv Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Tradeweb is not restricted from using the U.S. Corporate AiPrice (as defined in the Third Amendment to the Agreement, which is Exclusive Licensed Data under the Agreement) and any Derivative Works thereof as a backup source of data for pricing U.S. credit instruments when the primary pricing source for such instruments is unavailable, in connection with the performance of the iNAV Calculation Service, including (without limitation) in the calculation and creation of iNAV Data and in the sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance of such iNAV Data in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service (which sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance may occur even following termination of the Agreement with respect to such historical iNAV Data created prior to such termination in accordance with the terms of this Amendment). TRM, which is party (with Tradeweb) to the Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement dated November 1, 2010 (as amended, the SSA ), hereby acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the SSA, Tradeweb is not restricted from using the Refinitiv FX Rates data (to convert iNAV prices into different currencies before distribution) and the Refinitiv Security Master data (for calculations of accrued interest and benchmark movement), which data Tradeweb receives under the SSA, and any Derivative Works thereof in connection 

with the performance of the iNAV Calculation Service, including (without limitation) in the calculation and creation of iNAV Data and in the sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance of such iNAV Data in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service (which sale, display, distribution, redistribution and maintenance may occur even following termination of the SSA with respect to such historical iNAV Data created prior to such termination in accordance with the terms of this Amendment) provided that the foregoing shall always be subject to Section 3.8 of the SSA, if applicable. 
 
 (b) Redistribution of Standard iNAV Data Feed . As a component of the iNAV Calculation Service, Tradeweb will provide Refinitiv with the Standard iNAV Data Feed unless it is prohibited from doing so contractually or otherwise, and Refinitiv shall only use and redistribute the iNAV Data it receives in the Standard iNAV Data Feed as permitted pursuant to the terms of use entered into by the Parties with respect thereto (it being understood that such terms of use must be entered into prior to Refinitiv receiving the Standard iNAV Data Feed). 
 
 2. iNAV Licensing Service . 
 
 (a) Redistribution Rights . Solely to the extent that Tradeweb retains the right to operate the iNAV Licensing Service with respect to the Premium iNAV Data Feed pursuant to its arrangements in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service, (a) the Premium iNAV Data Feed shall constitute Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data under the Agreement and will be automatically added to Schedule C thereto (and for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be a New Market Data Set or an Innovative Solution), and except as set forth herein all references to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data in the Agreement shall include the Premium iNAV Data Feed and all rights and obligations relevant to Non-Exclusive Licensed Market Data under the Agreement shall apply equally to the Premium iNAV Data Feed, (b) Section 3.3 of the Agreement shall not apply to the Premium iNAV Data Feed and instead the Parties shall mutually agree on the manner and schedule of delivery of the Premium iNAV Data Feed from Tradeweb to the Refinitiv Parties, and (c) Refinitiv shall only use and redistribute the iNAV Data it receives in the Premium iNAV Data Feed as permitted pursuant to the terms of use entered into by the Parties with respect thereto (it being understood that such terms of use must be entered into prior to Refinitiv receiving the Premium iNAV Data Feed). To the extent that Tradeweb does not retain the right to operate the iNAV Licensing Service with respect to the Premium iNAV Data Feed, nothing herein or in the Agreement or SSA shall either (i) grant the Refinitiv Parties or any of their Affiliates any right to use or distribute the Premium iNAV Data Feed in any way or (ii) restrict the Refinitiv Parties or any of their Affiliates from contracting with a third Person for such rights. 
 
 (b) Exceptions . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that distribution of iNAV Data in the following manner will not constitute a commercial distribution of iNAV Data that is part of the iNAV Licensing Service, and any recipient thereof will not constitute a Tradeweb iNAV Customer or Refinitiv iNAV Customer as applicable (each as defined below) 
 
 (i) distribution of the Standard iNAV Data Feed as a component of the iNAV Calculation Service (for clarity, the foregoing shall not affect the revenue share GRC receives under Section 4(c) in connection with the iNAV Calculation Service) 
 
 (ii) distribution to a Tradeweb Calculation Customer of the iNAV Data calculated for such Tradeweb Calculation Customer as part of the iNAV Calculation Service provided that to the extent that a Tradeweb Calculation Customer requests that the Refinitiv Parties or any of their Affiliates deliver such iNAV Data rather than Tradeweb providing it directly, the Refinitiv Parties and their Affiliates shall not charge such Tradeweb Calculation Customer any fees for such delivery other than (at their discretion) a standard, reasonable connectivity or service fee (which fee for the avoidance of doubt shall not be subject to the revenue share under Section 4(b)). For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2(b)(ii) does not apply to the extent a Tradeweb Calculation Customer subscribes for delivery of a Premium iNAV Data Feed other than as part of the iNAV Calculation Service (i.e., delivery of another issuer s iNAV Data) and 
 
 (iii) display and distribution of iNAV Data by Tradeweb and its Affiliates to their customers in connection with providing trading-related services on a Tradeweb Platform to the same extent as Tradeweb is permitted to distribute Exclusive Licensed Data under Section 2.4 of the Agreement (including in connection with pricing the execution of trades and any uses directly arising therefrom (including distribution in post-trade confirmations, clearing and reporting), provided that the Parties do not intend for this parenthetical to have any bearing on the interpretation of Section 2.4 of the Agreement outside of this clause (iii)), without regard to whether the recipient is on the Refinitiv Competitor List (it also being understood and agreed that iNAV Data is not Exclusive Licensed Data under the Agreement and the distribution restrictions set forth in Section 2.4 thereof do not apply to the iNAV Data). 

3. Customers . Any third Person to which Tradeweb provides the iNAV Calculation Service shall be a Tradeweb Calculation Customer . Subject to Section 2(b) above, any third Person that licenses the Premium iNAV Data Feed from Tradeweb or any of its Affiliates (directly or through a redistributor) as part of the iNAV Licensing Service shall be a Tradeweb iNAV Customer . Subject to Section 2(b) above, any third Person that receives the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service from GRC or any of its Affiliates (directly or through a redistributor) shall be a Refinitiv iNAV Customer . 
 
 4. Fees and Payment . 
 
 (a) Customer Pricing . For the avoidance of doubt, if applicable pursuant to Section 2 of this Amendment, each Party and their Affiliates may distribute the Premium iNAV Data Feed to Tradeweb iNAV Customers and Refinitiv iNAV Customers (as applicable) at prices determined by such Party (or their applicable Affiliate) in its sole discretion, provided that no Party shall (and each Party shall cause their Affiliates not to) license the Premium iNAV Data Feed as a Loss Leader. 
 
 (b) Refinitiv License Fee . As applicable pursuant to Section 2(a) of this Amendment, during the Term and the Transition Period GRC shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to Tradeweb an amount equal to percent of the Non-Desktop Revenue in such quarter (the Refinitiv Fee Share ). As used herein, Non-Desktop Revenue means the aggregate revenue GRC and its Affiliates directly generate from the redistribution of the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service licensed hereunder to Refinitiv iNAV Customers over, through or by means other than Desktop Products. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the standard distributor fee applicable to third Person distributors of the Premium iNAV Data Feed as part of the iNAV Licensing Service is included in the Annual License Fee and no additional fees shall be payable in respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.1(b) of the Agreement shall not apply to the Premium iNAV Data Feed, but nothing in this Section 4(b) shall amend or modify any other fees payable pursuant to Article IV of the Agreement. 
 
 (c) Tradeweb Revenue Share . During the Term and the Transition Period, Tradeweb shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to GRC an amount equal to percent of the aggregate revenue Tradeweb and its Affiliates directly generate from (i) the provision of the iNAV Calculation Service with respect to fixed income ETFs to Tradeweb Calculation Customers in such quarter and (ii) the distribution of the Premium iNAV Data Feed for fixed income ETFs as part of the iNAV Licensing Service to Tradeweb iNAV Customers (the Tradeweb Fee Share and, together with the Refinitiv Fee Share, the Fee Shares ). 
 
 (d) Payment . The Refinitiv Fee Share shall be payable in accordance with Section 4.4(b) of the Agreement in the same manner in which the Non-Exclusive NMDS Fee Share is payable to Tradeweb. For the avoidance of doubt, the Refinitiv Fee Share shall be included in the definition of Fees under the Agreement. The Tradeweb Fee Share shall be payable on substantially the same terms as the Refinitiv Fee Share. 
 
 5. Ownership . 
 
 (a) Intellectual Property . As between the Parties, Tradeweb shall own all right, title and interest in and to the iNAV Calculation Service, the iNAV Licensing Service and all iNAV Data (including the Standard iNAV Data Feed and the Premium iNAV Data Feed) (the Tradeweb IP ). Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in the Agreement or in the SSA gives any Refinitiv Party or any of its Affiliates any ownership, intellectual property, or other rights in or to the Tradeweb IP or otherwise restricts Tradeweb from offering the iNAV Calculation Service or iNAV Licensing Service or from otherwise using, licensing or distributing the iNAV Data provided that this shall not affect any Refinitiv Party s, any of its Affiliates and or any third Person s ownership of intellectual property rights in the Refinitiv FX Rates data and the Refinitiv Security Master data that Tradeweb uses in connection with its performance of the iNAV Calculation Service or in its creation of the iNAV Data . 
 
 (b) Derivative Works . As between the Parties, Tradeweb shall own all right, title and interest in and to any Derivative Works it creates from the Tradeweb IP provided that the foregoing shall not grant Tradeweb any additional rights to create Derivative Works of the Tradeweb IP using any (i) data licensed to Tradeweb under the SSA or (ii) Exclusive Licensed Data under the Agreement, beyond what is provided in those agreements and in Section 1(a) of this Amendment. 

6. Term and Termination . 
 
 (a) Term . This Amendment shall take effect as of the Effective Date and continue for the duration of the Term (as defined in the Agreement) unless this Amendment is earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties. 
 
 (b) Effect of Termination . The Fee Shares with respect to all periods prior to termination of this Amendment shall be payable in accordance with Section 4(d) of this Amendment (which payment, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur following such termination). 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute the sole terms of the Agreement with respect to the iNAV Calculation Service, the iNAV Licensing Service and iNAV Data. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction. Following termination of this Amendment or the Agreement, the following provisions shall survive Section 1(a) (to the extent it is expressly applicable post-termination), Section 6(b) and this Section 7. 

(remainder of page intentionally left blank) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 REFINITIV US ORGANIZATION LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews ___________ 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Americas, Managed Partners 
 
 REFINITIV US LLC 

By _ s Sarah Andrews ___________ 
 Name Sarah Andrews 
 Title Head of Americas, Managed Partners 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS LLC 
 
 By __ s Douglas Friedman _______ Name Douglas Friedman Title General Counsel 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 9
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1030.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.30 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 21, 2023 (this Agreement ), is entered into by and between Tradeweb Markets LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and William Hult (the Executive (each of the Executive and the Company, a Party , and collectively, the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company are currently party to that certain employment agreement, dated as of January 31, 2019, pursuant to which the Executive served as the President of the Company (the Existing Employment Agreement 
 WHEREAS, effective as of January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ), the Executive has transitioned to the role of Chief Executive Officer of the Company CEO 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the Executive s transition to the role of CEO, the Company desires to fully amend and restate the Existing Employment Agreement and to continue to employ the Executive as its CEO on the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS, the Executive desires to continue to be employed by the Company as its CEO on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other valid consideration, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 Section 1. Employment . 
 1.1. Term . Subject to Section 3 hereof, the Company agrees to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to continue to be employed by the Company, in each case pursuant to this Agreement, for a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term ), except that the period of the Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement will automatically extend for successive one-year periods thereafter (each, a Renewal Term ), in each case unless either Party provides the other Party with written notice that such period should not so extend at least 90 days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable (the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, collectively, the Term ). 
 1.2. Duties . During the Term, the Executive agrees to serve as the Company s CEO and in such other positions as an officer or director of the Company and such Affiliates of the Company as determined by the board of directors of Tradeweb Markets Inc., a Delaware corporation Parent (such board of directors, the Board from time to time, consistent with the Executive s position. The Executive will report directly to the Board. In the Executive s position as CEO, the Executive agrees to perform such duties, functions, and responsibilities during the Term as are commensurate with such position, as reasonably and lawfully directed by the Board. During the Term, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Executive to be nominated for re-election to the Board at each annual meeting of the stockholders of Parent. The Executive s principal place of employment will be the Company s headquarters in New York, New York, except that the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Executive may be required to travel for business purposes from time to time, as directed by the Company. 
 1.3. Exclusivity . During the Term, the Executive agrees to devote all of the Executive s business time and attention and the Executive s best efforts to the business and affairs of the Company, to faithfully 

serve the Company, and to use his best efforts to conform to and comply with the lawful and reasonable directions and instructions given to the Executive by the Board, consistent with Section 1.2 hereof. During the Term, the Executive agrees to promote and serve the interests of the Company and not to engage in any other business activity (including self-employment), whether or not such activity is engaged in for pecuniary profit, except that the Executive may (a) serve any civic, charitable, non-profit educational, or non-profit professional organization, (b) manage the Executive s personal investments, (c) serve on civic, not-for-profit, charitable, or industry boards of directors and advisory committees, and (d) with the prior approval of the Board, such approval not to be unreasonably delayed or denied, serve on the boards of directors (or similar governing boards) of for-profit entities, in each case so long as such activities do not (x) violate the terms of this Agreement (including Section 4 and any other restrictive covenant obligations of the Executive as may be set forth in any other plan, program, policy, or agreement to which the Executive is subject from time to time), (y) interfere (other than in a de minimis manner) or conflict with the Executive s duties and responsibilities to the Company, or (z) have an adverse impact on the Company s business reputation. 
 Section 2. Compensation . 
 2.1. Base Salary . As compensation for the performance of the Executive s services hereunder, during the Term, the Company will pay to the Executive a base salary at an annual rate of 750,000, in accordance with the Company s standard payroll policies as in effect from time to time (the Base Salary ). 
 2.2. Annual Bonus . For each fiscal year of the Company ending during the Term, the Executive will be eligible to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus based upon Company performance and other criteria for such fiscal year as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board in consultation with the Executive. The Executive s target Annual Bonus opportunity for each fiscal year that ends during the Term will be 300 of his Base Salary (the Target Annual Bonus Opportunity ). The amount of the Annual Bonus actually earned and payable, if any, will depend on the extent to which the applicable performance goals are achieved. The Company will pay the Annual Bonus to the Executive in cash, to the extent earned, as soon as practicable following the Board s determination of the achievement of the applicable performance and other criteria for earning such bonus, but in all events on or before March 14 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which the Annual Bonus relates, provided that, except as provided in Section 3.2, the Executive must be employed by the Company on December 31 of the calendar year to which the Annual Bonus relates to be entitled to receive an Annual Bonus. 
 2.3. Employee Benefits . During the Term, the Executive will be eligible to participate in such health and other group insurance and other employee benefit plans and programs of the Company as in effect from time to time on the same basis as other similarly situated senior executives of the Company, including but not limited to (a) financial planning services, (b) executive life insurance, (c) group life insurance, (d) executive long-term disability insurance, and (e) excess liability insurance. Nothing contained herein should be construed to limit the Company s ability to amend, suspend, or terminate any employee benefit plan or policy at any time without providing notice to the Executive, and the right to do so is expressly reserved. 
 2.4. Vacation . During the Term, the Executive will be entitled to six weeks vacation per calendar year (prorated for partial years), to be used and carried over in accordance with the Company s vacation policy. 
 2.5. Business Expense Reimbursements . The Company agrees to pay or reimburse the Executive, upon presentation of documentation, for all commercially reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses that the Executive incurs during the Term in performing the Executive s duties under this Agreement, in each case in accordance with the expense reimbursement policy of the Company as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding 
 2 

anything herein to the contrary or otherwise, except to the extent that any expense or reimbursement described in this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the regulations and guidance thereunder Section 409A ), any expense or reimbursement described in this Agreement will be paid in accordance with the following requirements (a) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement provided to the Executive during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement to the Executive in any other calendar year, (b) the reimbursements for expenses for which the Executive is entitled to be reimbursed will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred, (c) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit, and (d) the reimbursements will be made pursuant to objectively determinable and nondiscretionary Company policies and procedures regarding such reimbursement of expenses. 
 2.6. Legal Fees . The Company will reimburse the Executive up to 30,000 for reasonable, documented legal fees and related expenses incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and any related equity compensation agreements. 
 Section 3. Employment Termination . 
 3.1. Termination of Employment . The Company may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder upon written notice to the Executive for any reason during the Term, and the Executive may voluntarily terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder for any reason during the Term at any time upon not less than 30 days notice to the Company, which notice period the Company may waive in whole or in part in its sole discretion (the date on which the Executive s employment terminates for any reason is referred to herein as the Termination Date ). Upon the termination of this Agreement and the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, the Executive will be entitled to payment of (a) any Base Salary earned but unpaid through the date of termination, (b) accrued but unused vacation days, to the extent provided under the Company s vacation policy as in effect at the time of termination, (c) any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus for the prior completed fiscal year of the Company, to be paid at the time set forth in Section 2.2 (the Prior Year Bonus ), and (d) any unreimbursed expenses in accordance with Section 2.5 hereof, in each case payable in accordance with the applicable Company plan or policy or as otherwise required by applicable law (collectively, the Accrued Amounts provided , however , that if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, then the Prior Year Bonus will be forfeited. 
 3.2. Certain Terminations . 
 (a) Qualifying Termination (not in connection with a Change in Control) . If the Executive s employment is terminated (x) by the Company other than for Cause, death, or Disability, (y) by the Executive for Good Reason or (z) as a result of the Company s nonrenewal of the Term as set forth in Section 1.1 (each, a Qualifying Termination ), unless the Qualifying Termination occurs as described in Section 3.2(b) below, the Executive will be entitled to the following payments and benefits in addition to the Accrued Amounts (i) cash severance equal to two times the sum of (A) the Executive s Base Salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date and (B) the average Annual Bonus earned by the Executive for the two calendar years ending immediately prior to the year of termination (the Termination Severance Amount ), payable in equal installments on the Company s regular payroll dates occurring during the 24-month period following the Termination Date (such period, the Severance Period ), (ii) a prorated bonus for the year of termination, equal to the Annual Bonus that the Executive would have been entitled to receive for such year had the Executive s employment not been terminated, based on the actual performance of the Company for the full year, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is 
 3 

the number of days the Executive is employed by the Company during the applicable year prior to and including the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the full number of days in the applicable year (the Prorated Bonus ), and (iii) subject to the Executive s timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), and the Executive s payment of premiums associated with such coverage, reimbursement for the same portion of the premium costs of continued health benefits for the Executive and the Executive s covered dependents that the Company pays in respect of an active employee electing equivalent coverage, on a monthly basis Medical Benefit Continuation for the Severance Period, or through such earlier date on which COBRA coverage for the Executive and the Executive s covered dependents terminates in accordance with COBRA. To the extent the foregoing entitlement results in the Executive receiving continuation coverage beyond what COBRA requires, the Company s obligation hereunder shall be satisfied by paying to the Executive on a monthly basis the same amount that it was paying immediately prior to the cessation of the statutory COBRA continuation coverage period. 
 (b) Qualifying Termination in connection with a Change in Control . If a Qualifying Termination occurs during the three-month period preceding or the twelve-month period following the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan), the Executive will be entitled to the following payments and benefits in addition to the Accrued Amounts (i) cash severance equal to two and one-half times the sum of (A) the Executive s Base Salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date and (B) the average Annual Bonus earned by the Executive for the two calendar years ending immediately prior to the year of termination (referred to herein together with the Termination Severance Amount as the Severance Amount ), payable in equal installments on the Company s regular payroll dates occurring during the 30-month period following the Termination Date (such period, the CIC Severance Period ), (ii) the Prorated Bonus, and (iii) the Medical Benefit Continuation for the CIC Severance Period, or through such earlier date on which COBRA coverage for the Executive and the Executive s covered dependents terminates in accordance with COBRA. To the extent the foregoing entitlement results in the Executive receiving continuation coverage beyond what COBRA requires, the Company s obligation hereunder shall be satisfied by paying to the Executive on a monthly basis the same amount that it was paying immediately prior to the cessation of the statutory COBRA continuation coverage period. 
 (c) Conditions to Severance . The Executive s entitlements pursuant to each of Section 3.2(a) and Section 3.2(b) will be conditioned upon (i) the Executive s continued compliance with the Executive s obligations under Section 4 of this Agreement (and with any other restrictive covenant obligations of the Executive as may be set forth in any other plan, program, policy, or agreement to which the Executive is subject from time to time), and (ii) the Executive s execution and delivery to the Company of a general release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release and the Release s becoming irrevocable within 60 days following the Termination Date (or, in the case of Section 3.2(b), the date of the Change in Control, if later) (the date on which the Release becomes irrevocable, the Release Effective Date ). Payments of the Severance Amount and the Medical Benefit Continuation will be paid or commence on the first payroll date of the Company following the Release Effective Date, except that if the 60-day period referred to in the preceding sentence spans two calendar years, payments will in all cases be paid or commence to be paid on the first payroll date in the second calendar year, and the first payment will include any installments that would have been paid prior thereto but for this sentence. The Prorated Bonus will be paid at the time when annual bonuses for the applicable year are paid generally to the Company s senior executives, but in all events during the fiscal year of the Company following the fiscal year to which the applicable Annual Bonus relates. 
 If the Executive is not permitted to continue participation in the Company s medical insurance plan pursuant to the terms of such plan or pursuant to a determination by the Company s insurance providers, or if such continued participation in any plan would result in the imposition of a tax on the Company pursuant to Code Section 4980D, the 
 4 

Company agrees to use reasonable efforts to obtain individual insurance policies providing medical benefits to the Executive during the applicable period of the Medical Benefits Continuation, but will be required to pay for such policies only an amount equal to the stated premium amount for the Executive s continued participation in the Company s medical plans had such participation continued, except that if such coverage cannot be obtained, the Company will pay to the Executive monthly during the Medical Benefit Continuation period an amount equal to the stated premium amount for the Executive s continued participation in the Company s medical plan had such participation continued. 
 (d) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings 
 (1) Cause means any of the following that remains uncured (if curable) for 15 days after the Executive s receipt of written notice thereof from the Company (a) the Executive has engaged in willful dishonesty, gross negligence or willful misconduct of more than a de minimis nature, in each case, with regard to the Company that is demonstrably injurious to the Company, (b) the Executive has willfully failed to attempt, in good faith, to substantially perform the Executive s duties with the Company (other than as a result of the Executive s physical or mental incapacity), (c) the Executive has willfully failed to attempt, in good faith, to follow the lawful written direction of the Board or (d) the Executive has been convicted of, or entered a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony (other than as a result of vicarious liability or a traffic infraction). If within 180 days following any termination of the Executive s employment (whether voluntary or involuntary), the Company discovers that, during the Term, the Executive engaged in willful dishonesty or willful misconduct of more than a de minimis nature, in each case, with regard to the Company that is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, and the facts surrounding that conduct were not known and reasonably could not have been known by any member of the Board (other than the Executive) at the time of termination, then the Company may provide the Executive with written notice, including the facts establishing that the Executive s conduct was not known at the time of the termination, in which case the Executive s termination of employment will be considered a for-Cause termination under this Agreement, the Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company all amounts previously paid or provided to the Executive pursuant to Section 3.2(a) or Section 3.2(b), as applicable, and the Company will cease paying or providing any future amounts pursuant to Section 3.2(a) or Section 3.2(b), as applicable. If at any time during the Term the Board reasonably believes that the Executive may have engaged in conduct that could constitute Cause hereunder, the Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, suspend the Executive from performing the Executive s duties hereunder while it investigates such conduct, and in no event will any such suspension constitute a termination of employment or Good Reason or otherwise constitute a breach of this Agreement, provided that the Company continues to comply with all other obligations under this Agreement. 
 (2) Disability means the Executive s inability, due to physical or mental disability or infirmity, to perform the essential functions of the Executive s job, with or without a reasonable accommodation, for 180 consecutive days. Any question as to the existence, extent, or potentiality of the Executive s Disability upon which the Executive and the Company cannot agree must be determined by a qualified, independent physician selected by the Company and approved by the Executive (which approval the Executive may not unreasonably withhold). The determination of any such physician will be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 (3) Good Reason means any of the following that remains uncured (if curable) for 30 days after the Company s receipt of written notice thereof from the Executive, setting forth the conduct of the Company that constitutes Good Reason, not later than 60 days following the later of the occurrence of such event or the date the Executive should reasonably have knowledge thereof (a) the Executive is required to serve in a position below CEO or is required to report to any other individual or to a board of directors of any entity other than Parent, if applicable, (b) the Executive is not nominated, or if nominated is not elected, to be a member of the Board, (c) a material diminution of the Executive s duties, responsibilities or authority or the assignment to the Executive of duties or responsibilities that are materially adversely inconsistent with the Executive s position, (d) the Company has 
 5 

reduced the Executive s Base Salary or Target Annual Bonus Opportunity, (e) the Company has required the Executive to relocate his principal place of employment by more than 10 miles, or (f) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement. Failing a cure as descried in this Section 3.2(d)(3), a termination of employment by the Executive for Good Reason will be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (e) Section 409A . To the maximum extent permitted by law, this Agreement should be interpreted in such a manner that the payments to Executive under this Agreement are either exempt from, or comply with, Section 409A. If the Executive is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, to the extent that any of the payments or benefits required to be paid or provided pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A that is payable upon a separation from service (and not upon any other permissible payment event under Section 409A, such as the lapsing of a substantial risk of forfeiture), the Company will delay payment thereof until the day after the first to occur of (i) the date that is six months from the Termination Date and (ii) the date of the Executive s death, with any delayed amounts being paid, without interest, in a lump sum on such date and any remaining payments being made in the normal course. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms terminate, terminated, and termination mean a termination of the Executive s employment that constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of the default rules under Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
 3.3. Exclusive Remedy . The foregoing payments upon termination of the Executive s employment constitute the exclusive severance payments and benefits owing to the Executive upon a termination of the Executive s employment. 
 3.4. Resignation from All Positions . Upon the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, the Executive will be deemed to have resigned, as of the Termination Date, from all positions that the Executive then holds as an officer, director, employee, and member of the boards of directors (and any committee thereof, or similar governing body) of the Company and its Affiliates. The Executive agrees to execute such writings reasonably necessary to effectuate the foregoing, as and when requested by the Company. 
 3.5. Cooperation . Following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, upon reasonable request from the Company, the Executive agrees to respond and provide truthful and complete information with respect to matters of which the Executive has knowledge as a result of the Executive s services to the Company and its Affiliates, and agrees to provide reasonable assistance to the Company and its Affiliates in defense of any claims that may be made against the Company or any Affiliate, and will provide reasonable assistance to the Company and its Affiliates in the prosecution of any claims that may be made by the Company or any of its Affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of the Executive s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 Section 4. Executive s Covenants . 
 4.1. Unauthorized Disclosure . The Executive agrees and understands that, in the Executive s position with the Company, the Executive has been and will be exposed to, and has received and will receive, information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, technical information, intellectual property, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer information, software, other information concerning the products, promotions, development, financing, expansion plans, and business policies and practices of the Company and its Affiliates, and other forms of information considered by the Company and its Affiliates to be confidential or in the nature of trade secrets (including, without limitation, ideas, research and development, know-how, formulas, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer and supplier lists, 
 6 

pricing and cost information, and business and marketing plans and proposals) (collectively, the Confidential Information ). Confidential Information does not include information that is generally known to the public or within the relevant trade or industry other than due to the Executive s violation of this Section 4.1 or disclosure by a third party who is known by the Executive to owe the Company or any of its Affiliates an obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information. The Executive agrees that, at all times during the Executive s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Executive will not disclose any Confidential Information, either directly or indirectly, to any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust, or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof (each a Person without the prior written consent of the Company and will not use or attempt to use any such information in any manner, in each case other than in connection with the performance of the Executive s services hereunder, unless required by law to disclose such information, in which case the Executive agrees to provide the Company with written notice of such requirement as far in advance of such anticipated disclosure as possible. This confidentiality covenant has no temporal, geographical, or territorial restriction. Upon termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company all property, keys, notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports, customer lists, correspondence, tapes, disks, cards, surveys, maps, logs, machines, technical data, and any other tangible product or document that has been produced by, received by, or otherwise submitted to the Executive during or prior to the Executive s employment with the Company, and any copies thereof in the Executive s (or capable of being reduced to the Executive s) possession provided, that the Executive shall be entitled to retain (a) personal items, (b) the Executive s rolodex or other list of contacts, and (c) information relating to the Executive s compensation, employee benefits and tax records. Nothing herein is intended to prevent or restrict the Executive from disclosing Confidential Information to the extent required by law. Additionally, nothing herein is intended to impair the Executive s right to communicate, cooperate, or file a complaint with any U.S. federal, state, or local governmental or law enforcement branch, agency, or entity (collectively, a Governmental Entity with respect to possible violations of any U.S. federal, state, or local law or regulation, or otherwise make disclosures to any Governmental Entity, in each case that are protected under the whistleblower or similar provisions of any such law or regulation, provided that in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. Nothing herein is intended to impair the Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Entity for information provided under any whistleblower or similar program. The Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, provided that such filing is made under seal. If the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the trade secret to the Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in any related court proceeding, provided that the Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. 
 4.2. Non-Competition . By and in consideration of the Company s entering into this Agreement, and in further consideration of the Executive s prior and future exposure to the Confidential Information, the Executive agrees that the Executive will not, during the Restriction Period (defined below) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, control, be employed by, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or be connected in any manner with, including, without limitation, holding any position as a stockholder, director, officer, consultant, independent contractor, employee, partner, or investor in, any Restricted Enterprise (defined below), provided that in no event will the Executive s ownership of five percent or less of the outstanding securities of any class of any issuer whose securities are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, standing alone, be prohibited by this Section 4.2, so long as the Executive does not have, or exercise, any rights to manage or operate the business of such issuer other than rights as a shareholder thereof. During the 
 7 

Restriction Period, upon request of the Company, the Executive agrees to notify the Company of the Executive s then-current employment status and to provide reasonable details regarding any professional engagement that is reasonably necessary for the Board to ascertain whether the Executive is in breach of this Section 4.2. For purposes of this paragraph, the following terms have the following meanings 
 (a) Restricted Enterprise means any Person that is engaged in any geographic area in any business conducted by or proposed to be conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the Company s business plans as in effect at that time. 
 (b) Restriction Period means during the Term as well as (a) the 24- month period after a Qualifying Termination and (b) the 12 month period after the Executive s termination of employment for any other reason. 
 4.3. Non-Solicitation of Employees . During the Restriction Period, the Executive agrees not to, directly or indirectly, hire, contact, induce, or solicit (or assist any Person to hire, contact, induce, or solicit) for employment or engagement for services any person who is, or within six months prior to the date of such hiring, contacting, inducing, or solicitation was, an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 4.4. Interference with Business Relationships . During the Restriction Period (other than in connection with carrying out the Executive s responsibilities for the Company and its Affiliates), the Executive agrees not to directly or indirectly induce or solicit (or assist any Person to induce or solicit) any customer or client of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate its relationship or otherwise cease doing business in whole or in part with the Company or its Affiliates, or directly or indirectly interfere with (or assist any Person to interfere with) any material relationship between the Company or its Affiliates and any of its or their customers or clients. 
 4.5. Extension of Restriction Period . The Restriction Period will toll for any period during which the Executive is in breach of any of Sections 4.2, 4.3, and 4.4 hereof. 
 4.6. Proprietary Rights . Except to the extent that any rights in any Developments constitute a work made for hire under the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 101 et seq., that are owned ab initio by the Company or any of its applicable Affiliates, the Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign all of the Executive s right, title, and interest in all Developments (including all intellectual property rights therein) to the Company or its nominee without further compensation, including all rights or benefits therefor, including without limitation the right to sue and recover for past and future infringement. The Executive acknowledges that any rights in any Developments constituting a work made for hire under the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C 101 et seq., are owned upon creation by the Company or its applicable Affiliate as the Executive s employer. The Executive hereby expressly and irrevocably waives any and all moral rights in the Developments, including, without limitation, the right to attribution or anonymity in respect of authorship, the right to restrain any distortion, mutilation, or other modification of any such Developments, and the right to prohibit any use of any such Developments in association with a product, service, cause, or institution that may be prejudicial to the Executive s honor or reputation. Whenever requested to do so by the Company, the Executive agrees to execute any and all applications, assignments, or other instruments that the Company reasonably deems necessary to apply for and obtain trademarks, patents, or copyrights of the United States or any foreign country or otherwise protect the interests of the Company and its Affiliates therein. These obligations will continue beyond the end of the Executive s employment with the Company with respect to inventions, discoveries, improvements, or copyrightable works initiated, conceived, or made by the Executive while employed by the Company, and will be binding upon the Executive s employers, assigns, executors, administrators, and other legal representatives. If the Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to obtain the Executive s signature on any document needed in connection with the actions described in this Section 4.6, the Executive hereby irrevocably 
 8 

designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as the Executive s agent and attorney in fact to act for and on the Executive s behalf to execute, verify, and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this Section 4.6 with the same legal force and effect as if executed by the Executive. Developments means any and all inventions, discoveries, and improvements (whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes), and all patentable or copyrightable works, initiated, conceived, discovered, reduced to practice, or made by the Executive, either alone or in conjunction with others, during the Executive s employment with the Company and related to the business or activities of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 4.7. Third-Party Information . The Executive understands that the Company and its Affiliates will from time to time receive from third parties confidential or proprietary information Third-Party Information subject to a duty on the Company s or its Affiliates part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During the period of the Executive s employment and thereafter, and without in any way limiting the provisions of Section 4.1 above, the Executive agrees to hold Third-Party Information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose to anyone (other than personnel and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company and its Affiliates or use, except in connection with the Executive s work for the Company and its Affiliates, Third-Party Information unless expressly authorized by a member of the Board (other than the Executive) in writing. Any exceptions relating to the disclosure of Confidential Information set forth above in Section 4.1 will also apply to this Section 4.7. 
 4.8. Use of Third Party Confidential Information . During the period of the Executive s employment, the Executive agrees not to improperly use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employers or any other Person to whom the Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, and will not bring onto the premises of any member of the Company any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other Person to whom the Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, in either case, unless consented to in writing by the former employer or Person or unless the Executive learns of or receives such Third-Party Information under a confidentiality agreement executed between the Company or any Affiliate and the former employer or Person. 
 4.9. Non-Disparagement . Following the Executive s termination of employment for any reason, the Executive agrees not to make any statement that is intended to become public, or that should reasonably be expected to become public, and that criticizes, ridicules, disparages, or is otherwise derogatory to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any of their officers, directors, or stockholders provided, however, that this Section 4.9 shall not prevent the Executive from responding to any statement that becomes public that criticizes, ridicules, disparages, or is otherwise derogatory to the Executive. Following the Executive s termination of employment for any reason, the Company will instruct its officers and directors not to make any statement that is intended to become public, or that should reasonably be expected to become public, and that criticizes, ridicules, disparages, or is otherwise derogatory to the Executive. 
 4.10. Remedies . The Executive agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 4 will result in irreparable injury and damage to the Company for which the Company would have no adequate remedy at law the Executive therefore also agrees that in the event of a breach or any threat of breach, the Company will be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach or threatened breach or continued breach by the Executive, and any and all Persons acting for or with the Executive, without having to prove damages, in addition to any other remedies to which the Company may be entitled at law or in equity. The terms of this paragraph are not intended to prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened 
 9 

breach hereof, including, without limitation, the recovery of damages from the Executive. The Executive and the Company further agree that the provisions of the covenants contained in this Section 4 are reasonable and necessary to protect the businesses of the Company and its Affiliates because of the Executive s access to Confidential Information and the Executive s material participation in the operation of such businesses. If the Executive willfully breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, then in addition to any injunctive relief, the Executive will promptly return to the Company the gross amount of the severance payments and benefits that the Company has paid to the Executive pursuant to Section 3.2 above. 
 Section 5. Section 280G . The Executive hereby agrees to the terms set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement. 
 Section 6. Executive Representations and Covenants . The Executive represents and warrants that (a) the Executive is not subject to any contract, arrangement, policy, or understanding, or to any statute, governmental rule, or regulation, that in any way limits the Executive s ability to enter into and fully perform the Executive s obligations under this Agreement and (b) the Executive is otherwise able to enter into and fully perform the Executive s obligations under this Agreement. 
 Section 7. Taxes Clawbacks . 
 7.1. Withholding . All amounts paid to the Executive under this Agreement during or following the Term will be subject to income and employment taxes, and other withholdings, imposed by applicable law. The Executive is solely responsible for the payment of all taxes imposed on the Executive relating to the payment or provision of any amounts or benefits hereunder. 
 7.2. Clawbacks . If any law, rule, or regulation applicable to the Company or its Affiliates (including any rule or requirement of any nationally recognized stock exchange on which the stock of the Company or its Affiliates is listed), or any policy of the Company or its Affiliates reasonably designed to comply therewith, requires the forfeiture or recoupment of any amount paid or payable to the Executive hereunder (or under any other agreement between the Executive and the Company or its Affiliates or under any plan in which the Executive participates, or otherwise payable to the Executive as compensation for services), the Executive hereby consents to such forfeiture or recoupment, in each case in the time and manner determined by the Company in its reasonable good faith discretion. 
 Section 8. Miscellaneous . 
 8.1. Amendments and Waivers . This Agreement may be amended, waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), modified, or supplemented, in whole or in part, only by written agreement signed by the Parties, except that the observance of any provision of this Agreement may be waived in writing by the Party that will lose the benefit of such provision as a result of such waiver. The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate or be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, except as otherwise explicitly provided for in such waiver. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, or remedy hereunder, or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of such right, power, or remedy by such Party preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or remedy. 
 8.2. Assignment No Third-Party Beneficiaries . Neither this Agreement nor the Executive s rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned by the Executive, and any purported assignment by the Executive in violation hereof will be null and void. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer upon any Person 
 10 

not a party to this Agreement, or the legal representatives of such Person, any rights or remedies of any nature or kind whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, except the personal representative of the deceased Executive may enforce the provisions hereof applicable in the event of the death of the Executive. The Company is authorized to assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder without the consent of the Executive in connection with a reorganization of the Company, or if the Company consolidates with or merges into any other Person or entity, or transfers all or substantially all of its properties or assets to any other Person or entity. 
 8.3. Notices . Unless provided otherwise herein, all notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications provided for under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder must be sent by (i) personal delivery (including receipted courier service) or overnight delivery service, with confirmation of receipt, (ii) e-mail, (iii) reputable commercial overnight delivery service courier, with confirmation of receipt, or (iv) registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below 
 If to the Company 
 
 Tradeweb Markets LLC 
 1177 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Attention General Counsel 
 
 with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to 
 
 Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
 One New York Plaza 
 New York, NY 10004 
 Attention Jeffrey Ross, Esq. 
 E-mail jeffrey.ross friedfrank.com 
 
 If to the Executive At the Executive s principal office at the Company (during the Term), and at all other times to the Executive s principal residence as reflected in the records of the Company. If by e-mail during the Term, to the Executive s Company-supplied e-mail address. 
 
 All such notices, requests, consents, and other communications will be deemed to have been given when received. Either Party may change its address to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Parties notice in the manner then set forth. 
 8.4. Governing Law . This Agreement must be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights and obligations of the Parties are governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflicts of law principles thereof. 
 8.5. Arbitration . Other than with respect to provisions under Section 4 of this Agreement, the Executive and the Company agree that any dispute, controversy, or claim between the Parties that arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the Executive s employment with the Company, or any termination of such employment, must be determined by final, binding, and confidential arbitration held in New York, New York, and conducted by JAMS, Inc. JAMS ), under its then-applicable JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures. By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both the Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such determination or dispute through a trial by jury or by judge or administrative proceeding. The arbitrator will (a) have the authority to 
 11 

compel adequate discovery for the determination and to award such relief as would otherwise be available under this Agreement and applicable law in a court proceeding and (b) issue a written statement signed by the arbitrator regarding the disposition of the determination and the relief, if any, awarded, the reasons for the award, and the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions on which the award (or finding of no relief) is based. The Parties will bear all arbitrator fees for the arbitration equally, but each Party must bear its own attorneys fees and costs, except that to the extent any dispute relates to whether the Executive s employment was terminated for Cause, Good Reason or by reason of the Executive s Disability, the Company will pay the Executive s legal fees if the Executive prevails on the merits of such issue. Any awards or orders in such arbitrations may be entered and enforced as judgments in the federal and the state courts of any competent jurisdiction. This clause is not intended to preclude the Parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. 
 8.6. Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . The Parties agree that, except as set forth in Section 8.5 above, jurisdiction and venue for any dispute, controversy, or claim between the Parties that arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the Executive s employment with the Company, or any termination of such employment, including but not limited to matters concerning validity, construction, performance, or enforcement, must be exclusively in the federal and state courts of the State of New York, located in the city of New York, New York (collectively, the Selected Courts (except that a final judgment in any such action will be conclusive and enforced in other jurisdictions), and agree further that service of process may be made in any matter permitted by law. Each of the Parties irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert (i) any objection that the Executive or it may ever have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising hereunder in the Selected Courts or (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. This Section 8.6 is intended to fix the location of potential litigation between the parties and does not create any causes of action or waive any defenses or immunities to suit. EACH PARTY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, TO THE EXTENT LAWFUL, AND AGREES THAT ANY OF THEM MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS SECTION 8.6 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY, AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS. 
 8.7. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement, including those contained in Section 4 hereof, must be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, including that provision or portion of any provision, in any other jurisdiction. In addition, should a court or arbitrator determine that any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement, including any provision contained in Section 4 hereof, is not reasonable or valid, either in period of time, geographical area, or otherwise, the Parties agree that such provision should be interpreted and enforced to the maximum extent that such court or arbitrator deems reasonable or valid. 
 8.8. Entire Agreement . From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes all prior representations, agreements, and understandings (including any prior course of dealings), both written and oral, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including the Existing Employment Agreement. 
 8.9. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by .pdf (or similar file format) or facsimile signatures in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all such counterparts will together constitute one and the same instrument. 
 12 

8.10. Binding Effect . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding on, the successors and permitted assigns of each of the Parties, including, without limitation, the Executive s heirs and the personal representatives of the Executive s estate and any successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company. 
 8.11. General Interpretive Principles . The name assigned to this Agreement and headings of the sections, paragraphs, sub-paragraphs, clauses, and sub-clauses of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not intended in any way to affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the provisions hereof. Words of inclusion are not intended to be construed as terms of limitation herein, so that references to include, includes, and including are not limiting and should be regarded as references to non-exclusive and non-characterizing illustrations. Any reference to a section of the Code should be deemed to include any successor to such section. 
 8.12. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates means any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under Common Control with means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities of any company or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. 
 signature page follows 
 
 13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 COMPANY 

By s Douglas Friedman 
 Name Douglas Friedman 
 Title General Counsel 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

s William Hult 
 William Hult 

Signature page to Hult Employment Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 You should consult with an attorney before signing this release of claims. 
 Release 
 1. In consideration of the payments and benefits to be made under the Employment Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2023 (the Employment Agreement ), by and between William Hult (the Executive and Tradeweb Markets LLC (the Company ), the sufficiency of which the Executive acknowledges, the Executive, with the intention of binding the Executive and the Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, does hereby release, remise, acquit, and forever discharge the Company and each of its subsidiaries and Affiliates (the Company Affiliated Group ), their present and former officers, directors, executives, shareholders, agents, attorneys, employees, and employee benefit plans (and the fiduciaries thereof), and the successors, predecessors, and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Company Released Parties ), of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, complaints, charges, demands, rights, damages, debts, sums of money, accounts, financial obligations, suits, expenses, attorneys fees, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity, or otherwise, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated, or otherwise and whether now known or unknown, suspected, or unsuspected, that the Executive, individually or as a member of a class, now has, owns, or holds, or has at any time heretofore had, owned, or held, arising on or prior to the date hereof, against any Company Released Party that arises out of, or relates to, the Employment Agreement, the Executive s employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and Affiliates, or any termination of such employment, including claims for (i) severance or vacation benefits, unpaid wages, salary, or incentive payments, (ii) breach of contract, wrongful discharge, impairment of economic opportunity, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional harm, or other tort, (iii) any violation of applicable state and local labor and employment laws (including, without limitation, all laws concerning unlawful and unfair labor and employment practices), and (iv) employment discrimination under any applicable federal, state, or local statute, provision, order, or regulation, and including, without limitation, any claim under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Title VII ), the Civil Rights Act of 1988, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA ), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), and any similar or analogous state statute, excepting only 
 A. rights of the Executive arising under, or preserved by, this Release or Section 3.2 of the Employment Agreement 
 B. the right of the Executive to receive COBRA continuation coverage in accordance with applicable law 
 C. claims for vested benefits under any health, disability, retirement, life insurance, or other similar welfare benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA) of the Company Affiliated Group 
 D. rights to indemnification that the Executive has or may have under the organizing documents of any member of the Company Affiliated Group or as an insured under any director s and officer s liability insurance policy now or previously in force and 
 E. rights with respect to any equity interests owned by the Executive in any member of the Company Affiliated Group. 
 1 

2. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Release is not to be construed in any way as an admission of any liability whatsoever by any Company Released Party, any such liability being expressly denied. 
 3. This Release applies to any relief no matter how called, including, without limitation, wages, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive damages, damages for pain or suffering, costs, and attorneys fees and expenses. 
 4. The Executive specifically acknowledges that the Executive s acceptance of the terms of this Release is, among other things, a specific waiver of the Executive s rights, claims, and causes of action under Title VII, the ADEA, the ADA, and any state or local law or regulation in respect of discrimination of any kind, except that nothing herein should be deemed, nor does anything contained herein purport to be, a waiver of any right or claim or cause of action that by law the Executive is not permitted to waive. 
 5. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has been given a period of twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider whether to execute this Release. If the Executive accepts the terms hereof and executes this Release, the Executive may thereafter, for a period of seven (7) days following (and not including) the date of execution, revoke this Release. If no such revocation occurs, this Release will become irrevocable in its entirety, and binding and enforceable against the Executive, on the day next following the day on which the foregoing seven-day period has elapsed. If such a revocation occurs, the Executive will irrevocably forfeit any right to payment of the entitlements set forth in Section 3.2 of the Employment Agreement, but the remainder of the Employment Agreement that survives the end of the Term will continue in full force. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Executive has not, with respect to any transaction or state of facts existing prior to the date hereof, filed any complaints, charges, or lawsuits against any Company Released Party with any governmental agency, court, or tribunal. 
 6. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has been advised to seek, and has had the opportunity to seek, the advice and assistance of an attorney with regard to this Release, and has been given a sufficient period within which to consider this Release. 
 7. The Executive acknowledges that this Release relates only to claims that exist as of the date of this Release. 
 8. The Executive acknowledges that the severance payments and benefits the Executive is receiving in connection with this Release and the Executive s obligations under this Release are in addition to anything of value to which the Executive is entitled from the Company. 
 9. For the avoidance of doubt, however, nothing in this Release is intended to constitute a waiver of any Company Released Party s right to enforce any obligations of the Executive under the Employment Agreement that survive the Employment Agreement s termination, including without limitation, any non-competition covenant, non-solicitation covenant, and any other restrictive covenants contained therein. 
 10. Section 8 of the Employment Agreement is incorporated into this Release and made a part hereof, mutatis mutandis . 
 signature page follows 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Release has been signed by or on behalf of the Executive as of ____________________. 

William Hult 

Exhibit B 
 
 Parachute Tax Provisions 
 
 This Exhibit B sets forth the terms and provisions applicable to the Executive as referenced in Section 5 of this Agreement. This Exhibit B shall be subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Agreement. 
 (a) To the extent that the Executive would otherwise be eligible to receive a payment or benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any equity compensation or other agreement with the Company or any subsidiary or otherwise in connection with, or arising out of, the Executive s employment with the Company or a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or of a substantial portion of its assets (any such payment or benefit, a Parachute Payment ), that a nationally recognized United States public accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accountants and reasonably acceptable to the Executive determines, but for this sentence would be subject to excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (the Excise Tax ), subject to clause (c) below, then the Company shall pay to the Executive whichever of the following two alternative forms of payment would result in the Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Parachute Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Parachute Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax (1) payment in full of the entire amount of the Parachute Payment (a Full Payment ), or (2) payment of only a part of the Parachute Payment so that the Executive receives the largest payment possible without the imposition of the Excise Tax (a Reduced Payment ). The Company and Executive agree to make all reasonable efforts to avoid (or minimize) any reduction pursuant to a Reduced Payment, through modification of the terms or conditions or compensatory payments or arrangements or otherwise. 
 (b) If a reduction in the Parachute Payment is necessary pursuant to clause (a), then the reduction shall occur in the following order (1) reduction of cash payments (with such reduction being applied to the payments in the reverse order in which they would otherwise be made, that is, later payments shall be reduced before earlier payments) (2) cancellation of acceleration of vesting on any equity awards for which the exercise price exceeds the then fair market value of the underlying equity and (3) cancellation of acceleration of vesting of equity awards not covered under (2) above provided , however , that in the event that acceleration of vesting of equity awards is to be cancelled, acceleration of vesting of full value awards shall be cancelled before acceleration of options and stock appreciation rights and within each class such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of such equity awards, that is, later equity awards shall be canceled before earlier equity awards and provided , further , that to the extent permitted by Section 409A and Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, if a different reduction procedure would be permitted without violating Section 409A or losing the benefit of the reduction under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, the Executive may designate a different order of reduction. 
 (c) For purposes of determining whether any of the Parachute Payments (collectively the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) the Total Payments shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all parachute payments in excess of the base amount (as defined under Section 280G(b)(3) 

of the Code) shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless and except to the extent that, in the opinion of the Accountants, such Total Payments (in whole or in part) (1) do not constitute parachute payments, including giving effect to the recalculation of stock options in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 33, (2) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of the base amount or (3) are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (ii) the value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Accountants in accordance with the principles of Section 280G of the Code. 
 (d) All determinations hereunder shall be made by the Accountants, which determinations shall be final and binding upon the Company and the Executive. 
 (e) The federal tax returns filed by the Executive (and any filing made by a consolidated tax group which includes the Company) shall be prepared and filed on a basis consistent with the determination of the Accountants with respect to the Excise Tax payable by the Executive. The Executive shall make proper payment of the amount of any Excise Tax, and at the request of the Company, provide to the Company true and correct copies (with any amendments) of his or her federal income tax return as filed with the Internal Revenue Service, and such other documents reasonably requested by the Company, evidencing such payment provided that the Executive may delete information unrelated to the Parachute Payment or Excise Tax and provided , further that the Company at all times shall treat such returns as confidential and use such return only for purpose contemplated by this paragraph). 
 (f) In the event of any controversy with the Internal Revenue Service (or other taxing authority) with regard to the Excise Tax, the Executive shall permit the Company to control issues related to the Excise Tax (at its expense), provided that such issues do not materially adversely affect the Executive but the Executive shall control any other unrelated issues. In the event that the issues are interrelated, the Executive and the Company shall in good faith cooperate so as not to jeopardize resolution of either issue. In the event of any conference with any taxing authority as to the Excise Tax or associated income taxes, the Executive shall permit a representative of the Company to accompany the Executive, and the Executive and his or her representative shall cooperate with the Company and its representative. 
 (g) The Company shall be responsible for all charges of the Accountants. 
 (h) The Company and the Executive shall promptly deliver to each other copies of any written communications, and summaries of any verbal communications, with any taxing authority regarding the Excise Tax covered by this Exhibit B . 
 (i) Nothing in this Exhibit B is intended to violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and to the extent that any advance or repayment obligation hereunder would do so, such obligation shall be modified so as to make the advance a nonrefundable payment to the Executive and the repayment obligation null and void. 
 (j) The provisions of this Exhibit B shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason and the termination of the Agreement. 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 10
 twm-2022x12x31xexx1031.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PSU - NOTICE OF GRANT 
 
 (Version 2023) 
 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, hereby grants to the Grantee set forth below (the Grantee an Award of Performance Stock Units (the PSUs ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Grant (the Notice ), the PSU Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Award Agreement ), and the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such terms in the Award Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Plan, unless the context requires otherwise. Each PSU, to the extent earned and vested pursuant to the terms set forth in the Award Agreement, represents the right to receive one (1) Share at the time and in the manner set forth in Section 5 of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Date of Grant 
 
 Name of Grantee William Hult 
 
 Target Number of PSUs 
 
 Vesting The Award shall vest pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 3 of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Performance Period January 1, 2023 December 31, 2025 
 
 The Award shall be subject to the execution and return of this Notice by the Grantee to the Company within 15 days of the Grantee s receipt of this Notice (including by utilizing an electronic signature and or web-based approval and notice process or any other process as may be authorized by the Company). 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Notice of Grant as of the Date of Grant set forth above. 
 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 

By __________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

GRANTEE 

By __________________ 
 Name William Hult 

Exhibit A 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PSU AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 (Version 2023) 
 
 THIS PSU AWARD AGREEMENT (this Award Agreement is entered into by and between Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company and the individual set forth on the signature page to that certain Notice of Grant (the Notice to which this Award Agreement is attached. The terms and conditions of the Award granted hereby, to the extent not controlled by the terms and conditions contained in the Plan, shall be as set forth in the Notice and this Award Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such terms in the Notice or, if not defined therein, in the Plan. 
 1. No Right to Continued Employee Status or Consultant Service 
 
 Nothing contained in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee the right to the continuation of his or her employment, or, in the case of a Consultant or Director, to the continuation of his or her service arrangement, nor shall anything herein interfere with the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates to Terminate the Grantee. 
 
 2. Term of PSUs 
 
 This Award Agreement shall remain in effect until the Award has fully vested and been settled or been forfeited by the Grantee as provided in this Award Agreement. 
 
 3. Vesting of PSUs 
 
 (a) Vesting Date . Subject to the Grantee s not having Terminated, except as specifically provided herein or in the Plan, the Award granted hereunder will vest on the first day following the end of the Performance Period (the Vesting Date ). In the event of a Change in Control or the Grantee s Retirement prior to the Vesting Date, the Award will be fully vested on the date of the Change in Control or date of Retirement, as applicable. For the sake of clarity, this accelerated vesting (other than in the case of a Qualified Change in Control as described in Section 5(b) below) shall not change the Settlement Date as set forth in Section 5(b) below. For purposes of this Award Agreement, Retirement means a Grantee s voluntary resignation upon six months notice to the Company for any reason after attaining a combination of (A) age 55 with at least 10 years of credited service or (B) age 65 with at least 5 years of credited service. 
 (b) Termination Generally . Except as set forth in Section 3(c) below, if the Grantee Terminates before the Vesting Date (other than on account of Retirement), no amounts will be payable hereunder. 
 (c) Termination without Cause Resignation for Good Reason Death or Disability . If the Grantee is Terminated (i) by the Company without Cause, (ii) as a result of the Company s nonrenewal of the Term (as defined in his employment agreement), (iii) on account of the Grantee s death or Disability, or (iv) as a result of the Grantee s resignation for Good Reason (as defined in his employment agreement), prior to the Vesting Date, the Grantee or the Grantee s estate will be entitled to retain a pro rated portion of the Award, which shall remain eligible for settlement in accordance with Section 5 below and Annex A hereto (including application of any TSR Performance Modifier ). For purposes of the foregoing, the pro rated 

portion of the Award that the Grantee or the Grantee s estate shall be entitled to retain shall be calculated by multiplying the total number of Target PSUs awarded hereunder by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the first day of the Performance Period to the date of Termination, death or Disability, as applicable and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Performance Period, which amount thereafter will represent the Grantee s Target PSUs under this Award Agreement. 
 (d) Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding anything herein, if a Grantee is Terminated by the Company for Cause at any time prior to the Settlement Date, the Grantee shall forfeit all rights hereunder (including with respect to Earned PSUs (as defined below) and any associated dividend equivalent rights). In addition , i f within 180 days following any termination of the Grantee s employment (whether voluntary or involuntary), the Company discovers that the Grantee engaged in willful dishonesty or willful misconduct of more than a de minimis nature, in each case, with regard to the Company that is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, and the facts surrounding that conduct were not known and reasonably could not have been known by any member of the Board (other than the Grantee) at the time of termination, then the Company may provide the Grantee with written notice, including the facts establishing that the Grantee s conduct was not known at the time of the termination, in which case the Grantee s termination of employment will be considered a for-Cause termination under this Award Agreement, and the Company may cancel any Shares received by the Grantee hereunder. 
 4. Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 
 The Award will accumulate dividend equivalent rights with respect to the Target PSUs granted hereunder in respect of any dividends paid on Shares (on a one Share to one PSU basis) from the first day of the Performance Period through the last day of the Performance Period. To the extent the Target PSUs that gave rise to any dividend equivalent rights are forfeited pursuant to this Award or the Plan, those dividend equivalent rights will also be forfeited. The aggregate dollar amount of dividend equivalent rights accumulated under this Section 4 in respect of the Target PSUs and not forfeited shall be added to, and be settled on the Settlement Date. 
 
 5. Settlement of PSUs 
 
 (a) This Award shall entitle the Grantee to receive a number of Shares equal to the Settlement Number (as defined below), less (solely in the case of an employee of the Company or any Affiliate) a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the withholding and employment taxes associated with the settlement of the Earned PSUs and related dividend equivalent rights. The Settlement Number is equal to the sum of (i) the number of Shares that are equal to the product of the number of Target PSUs multiplied by the Performance Modifier (the Earned PSUs plus (ii) the number of Shares that results from the quotient of (a) the product of any dividend equivalent rights payable pursuant to Section 4 above multiplied by the Performance Modifier, divided by (b) the Fair Market Value as of the Settlement Date. As used in this Award Agreement, Performance Modifier means a percentage range to be approved by the Board, to be based on the Company s achievement of the performance goals as set forth on Annex A hereto, provided that the number of resulting Shares after application of the Performance Modifier will be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. Any of the Target PSUs that are not determined to be Earned PSUs will be automatically forfeited, terminated and cancelled effective as of the Settlement Date without payment of any consideration by the Company, and the Grantee will have no further rights with respect to such unearned Target PSUs under this Agreement. 
 (b) The settlement described in this Section 5 shall occur on the Settlement Date. For purposes of this Award Agreement, the Settlement Date means the first trading date following the date that the Company determines the level of achievement of the Performance 
 2 

Modifier (as defined below) and establishes the number of Earned PSUs, which will occur within 15 days following the Vesting Date provided , however , that if a Qualified Change in Control (as defined below) occurs prior to the Vesting Date, settlement of the Earned PSUs plus any accumulated dividend equivalent rights payable pursuant to Section 4 and calculated as a number of shares pursuant to Section 5, shall occur at the time(s) and in the same form of consideration as the consideration delivered to the Company s stockholders in connection with such transaction, to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A. For purposes of the foregoing, a Qualified Change in Control is a Change in Control that also constitutes a change of ownership or effective control of, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of, the Company for purposes of Code Section 409A. 
 6. Restrictive Covenants 
 
 By signing the Notice, the Grantee acknowledges and reconfirms the covenants of confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation and other similar obligations of the Grantee set forth in the Grantee s employment agreement, all of which shall continue to apply to the Grantee in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
 7. Prohibited Activities 
 
 (a) No Sale or Transfer . Unless otherwise required by law, this Award shall not be (i) sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, (ii) pledged or otherwise hypothecated or (iii) subject to attachment, execution or levy of any kind, other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution provided , however , that any transferred portion of the Award will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions as provided in the Plan and this Award Agreement and the Grantee s estate or beneficiary appointed in accordance with the Plan will remain liable for any withholding tax that may be imposed by any federal, state or local tax authority. 
 
 (b) Right to Terminate PSUs and Recovery . The Grantee understands and agrees that the Company has granted the Award to the Grantee to reward the Grantee for the Grantee s future efforts and loyalty to the Company and its Affiliates by giving the Grantee the opportunity to participate in the potential future appreciation of the Company. Accordingly, if (a) the Grantee materially breaches or violates the Grantee s obligations under any Restrictive Agreement to which the Grantee is a party, or (b) the Grantee engages in any activity prohibited by this Section 7 of this Award Agreement, or (c) the Grantee is convicted of a felony against the Company or any of its Affiliates, then, in addition to any other rights and remedies available to the Company, the Company shall be entitled, at its option, exercisable by written notice, to terminate the Award without consideration, which shall be of no further force and effect. Restrictive Agreement shall mean any agreement between the Company or any Subsidiary and the Grantee that contains non-competition, non-solicitation, non-hire, non-disparagement, non-disclosure, confidentiality or similar restrictions applicable to the Grantee. 
 
 (c) Other Remedies . The Grantee specifically acknowledges and agrees that its remedies under this Section 7 shall not prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief in connection with the Grantee s breach of any Restrictive Agreement. In the event that the provisions of this Section 7 should ever be deemed to exceed the limitation provided by applicable law, then the Grantee and the Company agree that such provisions shall be reformed to set forth the maximum limitations permitted. 
 
 8. No Rights as Stockholder 
 
 The Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to the Shares covered by the Award until the effective date of issuance of the Shares and the entry of the Grantee s name as a 
 3 

shareholder of record on the books of the Company following delivery of the Shares in settlement of the Award. 
 
 9. Withholding 
 
 All payments made pursuant to this Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state and local and applicable non-U.S. tax, social security and similar withholdings. The Grantee shall be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes relating to the payment or provision of any amounts or benefits hereunder. The Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, any applicable withholding taxes in respect of the Award, or any payment or transfer under, or with respect to, the Award and to take such other action as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Board to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes. 
 
 10. Securities Laws 
 
 Upon the acquisition of any Shares pursuant to the settlement of this Award, the Grantee will make such written representations, warranties, and agreements as the Committee may reasonably request in order to comply with securities laws or with this Award Agreement. The Grantee hereby agrees not to offer, sell or otherwise attempt to dispose of any Shares issued to the Grantee upon settlement of this Award in any way which would (x) require the Company to file any registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any similar filing under state law or the laws of any other county) or to amend or supplement any such filing or (y) violate or cause the Company to violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other Federal, state or local law, or the laws of any other country. The Company reserves the right to place restrictions on any Shares the Grantee may receive as a result of the settlement of this Award. 
 
 11. Modification, Amendment, and Termination of PSUs 
 
 Except as set forth in Section 13(b) hereof, this Award Agreement may not be modified, amended, terminated and no provision hereof may be waived in whole or in part except by a written agreement signed by the Company and the Grantee and no modification shall, without the consent of the Grantee, alter to the Grantee s material detriment or materially impair any rights of the Grantee under this Award Agreement except to the extent permitted under the Plan. 
 
 12. Notices 
 
 Unless otherwise provided herein, any notices or other communication given or made pursuant to the Notice, this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) as of the date delivered, if personally delivered (including receipted courier service) or overnight delivery service, with confirmation of receipt (ii) on the date of delivery by email to the address indicated or through an electronic administrative system designated by the Company (iii) one (1) business day after being sent by reputable commercial overnight delivery service courier, with confirmation of receipt or (iv) three (3) business days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below 
 
 4 

(a) If to the Company at the address below 
 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. 1177 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, New York 10036 Attention Douglas Friedman, General Counsel Email Douglas.Friedman tradeweb.com 
 
 (b) If to the Grantee, at the most recent address or email contained in the Company s records. 
 
 13. Award Agreement Subject to Plan and Applicable Law 
 
 (a) This Award Agreement is made pursuant to the Plan and shall be interpreted to comply therewith. Any provision of this Award Agreement inconsistent with the Plan shall be considered void and replaced with the applicable provision of the Plan. The Plan shall control in the event there shall be any conflict between the Plan, the Notice, and this Award Agreement, and it shall control as to any matters not contained in this Award Agreement. The Committee shall have authority to construe this Award Agreement, and to correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Award Agreement, and to prescribe rules and regulations relating to the administration of this Award. 
 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Grantee resident outside of the U.S., if the application of the vesting provisions as set forth in Section 3 hereof are invalid or impracticable under applicable local law, the terms of Section 3 hereof shall either be amended or be deemed not to apply to such Grantee, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. All determinations made and actions taken with respect to this Section 13(b) shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 
 (c) This Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts therein. The Grantee hereby consents to personal jurisdiction in any action brought in any court, federal or state, within the State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction in the matter. 
 
 14. Section 409A 
 
 The Award is intended to be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Award Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any representation or warranty by the Company regarding compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The Company shall have no obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any additional income tax, interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code on any Person and none of the Company, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any of their respective employees or representatives, shall have any liability to the Grantee with respect thereto. 
 
 15. Headings and Capitalized Terms 
 
 Unless otherwise provided herein, capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Plan and not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Headings are for convenience only and are not deemed to be part of this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, any reference to a Section herein is a reference to a Section of this Award Agreement. 
 5 

16. Severability and Reformation 
 
 If any provision of this Award Agreement shall be determined by a court of law of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable for any reason, such unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability of any of the remaining provisions hereof. In that case, this Award Agreement, to the fullest extent lawful, shall be reformed and construed as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein, and such provision or part thereof shall be reformed or construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible. 
 
 17. Binding Effect 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, together with their personal executors, administrator, successors, personal representatives, heirs and permitted assigns. 
 
 18. Entire Agreement 
 
 This Award Agreement, together with the Plan, supersedes all prior written and oral agreements and understandings among the parties as to its subject matter and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. If there is any conflict between the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan, then the applicable terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 19. Waiver 
 
 Waiver by any party of any breach of this Award Agreement or failure to exercise any right hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or right whether or not of the same or a similar nature. The failure of any party to take action by reason of such breach or to exercise any such right shall not deprive the party of the right to take action at any time while or after such breach or condition giving rise to such rights continues. 

6 

ANNEX A 
 
 Performance Modifier Determination 
 
 The Performance Modifier will be based on the Company s cumulative absolute total shareholder return (Cumulative Absolute TSR) over the Performance Period, or such shorter period as provided below in the event of a Change in Control. 
 
 Performance Level Cumulative Absolute TSR for the Performance Period (1) TSR Performance Modifier (1) Maximum Equal to or Greater Than 50 250 Target Equal to 30 100 Threshold Equal to 15 50 Below Threshold Less than 15 0 
 (1) For achievement between Maximum, Target and Threshold performance levels, the TSR Performance Modifier will be determined based on straight-line interpolation between such integers. 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings 
 Average Closing Price means a price based on the Company s highest average closing price for a Share for any consecutive 20-trading day period during the last calendar year of the Performance Period provided , that , in the event of a Change in Control prior to the Vesting Date, the Average Closing Price will be equal to the per Share price to be paid to the stockholders of the Company in connection with the Change in Control. 
 Average Start Price means a price calculated as the Company s average closing price for a Share for the 20 trading days prior to and ending on the Date of Grant. 
 Cumulative Absolute TSR means the percentage change in the cumulative (non-compounded) total return (expressed as a percentage) of an investment in the Company s Shares for the Performance Period, determined using the Average Start Price to value the Company s Shares at the start of the Performance Period and the Average Closing Price to value the Company s Shares at the end of the Performance Period (or the time of a Change in Control, as applicable). In calculating the Cumulative Absolute TSR, all dividends paid during the Performance Period are assumed to have been reinvested in Shares on the ex-dividend date based on the closing price, with the resulting number of Shares ultimately valued in calculating the Cumulative Absolute TSR based on the Average Closing Price. For the sake of clarity, the Cumulative Absolute TSR will be calculated as follows 
 Cumulative Absolute TSR (a) divided by (b), expressed as a percentage, where (a) is the Average Closing Price - Average Start Price + sum of all dividends paid during Performance Period (assuming reinvestment as described above), and (b) is the Average Start Price. 
 
 7 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 twm-2022x12x31xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Formation 1. Tradeweb Markets LLC Delaware 2. BondDesk Group LLC Delaware 3. Dealerweb Inc. New York 4. DW SEF LLC Delaware 5. Refinitiv US Tradeweb LLC Delaware 6. Tech Hackers LLC Delaware 7. TIPS LLC Wyoming 8. Tradeweb Commercial Information Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. People s Republic of China 9. Tradeweb Direct LLC Delaware 10. Tradeweb EU B.V. Netherlands 11. Tradeweb Europe Limited England and Wales 12. Tradeweb Execution Services Limited England and Wales 13. Tradeweb Execution Services B.V. 
 Netherlands 14. Tradeweb Global Holding LLC Delaware 15. Tradeweb Global LLC Delaware 16. Tradeweb IDB Markets, Inc. Delaware 17. Tradeweb Japan K.K. Japan 18. Tradeweb LLC Delaware 19. TW SEF LLC Delaware 20. TWC Limited Cayman Islands 21. TWEL Holding LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 twm-2022x12x31xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333- 232186 and 333- 261781 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 twm-2022x12x31xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, William Hult, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s William Hult William Hult Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 twm-2022x12x31xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sara Furber, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Sara Furber Sara Furber Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 twm-2022x12x31xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), William Hult, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s William Hult William Hult Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 twm-2022x12x31xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Sara Furber, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to her knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Sara Furber Sara Furber Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 tw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 tw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 tw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 tw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 tw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

