<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1832487_0001437749-23-005378.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8104455</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>332966</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1390879</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2075137</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2135160</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1958379</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-005378.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303162008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-005378
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Guerrilla RF, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832487
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				853837067
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56238
		FILM NUMBER:		23704303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 PISGAH CHURCH ROAD
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27455
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3365107840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 PISGAH CHURCH ROAD
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27455

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Laffin Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-005378.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 guer20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

guer20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 
 
 GUERRILLA RF, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically; every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.0405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate value of the registrant's common stock as of June 30, 2022 held by those persons deemed by the registrant to be non-affiliates was approximately . For the purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all directors, executive officers, and 10 shareholders of the registrant are deemed to be 'affiliates.' As of March 3 , 2023 , there were shares of the registrant's common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the registrant s proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference into Part III. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 39 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 41 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 

Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 81 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 82 

Item 9C. 
 D isclosure R egarding F oreign J urisdictions that P revent I nspections 
 82 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 83 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 84 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 85 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 85 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 87 

i

Table of Contents 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 The following is a glossary of technical terms used in this Report: 
 
 64T64R, 32T32R, 16T16R, 8T8R systems Describes the number of transmit and receive paths in a 5G system architecture. 
 
 5G A technology standard to increase the speed or amount of data communicated in a cellular network relative to 3G or LTE networks. 
 
 AEC-Q100 Automotive Electronic Council s electronic stress qualification standard for integrated circuits. 
 
 Cellular booster/DAS System which extends and distributes a cellular signal within buildings such as below-ground, large-area, or high-rise structures. 
 
 Cellular Compensator Improves a cellular link inside a motorized vehicle by using an antenna outside the vehicle in combination with amplifiers to boost the signal in both the transmit and receive paths. 
 
 Cellular Repeater Improves poor cellular service by boosting signal strength inside a building or structure. 
 
 C-V2X Cellular-technology-based vehicle-to-everything communication standard. 
 
 CMOS Complementary MOS (metal oxide semiconductor), widely used semiconductor transistor architecture. 
 
 Copper lead frame Copper-based substrate used as a foundation for semiconductor packages. 
 
 DAB Digital audio broadcasting. A terrestrial-based digital radio standard (HD Radio). 
 
 Design win Acknowledgment by an end-user customer that a product has been chosen or finalized for use in the customer s system or application. 
 
 Die/Chip An individual semiconductor device on the wafer. 
 
 Distribution-customer A customer that purchases Guerrilla RF products to sell to a third-party rather than for its own use. 
 
 DSA Digital step attenuator. 
 
 DSRC Dedicated short-range communications. (Typically used in electronic toll collection). 
 
 End-user customer The ultimate customer that utilizes or incorporates our products into its own products or solutions whether it purchased our products directly from Guerrilla RF or a third party. 
 
 EAR Export Administration Regulation. 
 
 Fab Fabrication, generally refers to a semiconductor wafer fabrication facility. 

ii

Table of Contents 

Fabless Semiconductor company that utilizes pure-play or outsourced wafer fabrication partners rather than owning and operating their own wafer foundry. 
 
 FM/DAB Terrestrial-based radio broadcast standards. 
 
 GaN Gallium nitride semiconductor process used in high-power amplifier applications. 
 
 GaAs HBT Gallium arsenide heterojunction bipolar transistor. A semiconductor process allowing higher efficiency and improved linearity compared to GaAs MESFET processes. 
 
 GaAs pHEMT Gallium Arsenide pseudomorphic high electron mobility transistor. A semiconductor process that allows larger bandgap differences, thus providing higher performance than a GaAs MESFET technology. 
 
 Gain blocks, switches, power detectors, drivers, mixers, digital step attenuators, high power amplifiers Functional building blocks of RF components in a typical radio frequency system or architecture. 
 
 GHz Frequency of operation (in Gigahertz) in an RF system. 
 
 GPS/GNSS Global satellite positioning technologies. 
 
 IP Intellectual property. 
 
 LNA Low noise amplifier. 
 
 Linear driver amplifier An amplifier used before the final amplification stage that produces increased power levels while adding minimal distortion to the output signal. 
 
 mMIMO active antenna array Massive multiple-input and multiple-output antenna systems that include beamforming ability. 
 
 MMIC Monolithic microwave integrated circuit. An integrated circuit designed to utilize microwave frequency bands. (300MHz to 300GHz). 
 
 MESFET Metal-semiconductor field-effect transistor, a type of transistor. 
 
 OEM Original equipment manufacturers. 
 
 PA Power Amplifier. 
 
 Package lead frame Substrate (typically copper) used as a foundation to mount and package semiconductor devices. 
 
 pHEMT Pseudomorphic high electron mobility transistor, a type of transistor. 

iii

Table of Contents 

Point-to-point radio Radio link used between two communication endpoints or devices. 
 
 RF Radio frequency. 
 
 RFIC Radio frequency integrated circuit. 
 
 RFID Radio frequency identification. 
 
 SDARS Satellite Digital Audio Radio Service (e.g., Sirius XM Satellite Radio). 
 
 Si Silicon Standard fabrication process used for semiconductor processing. 
 
 SOI Silicon on insulator. Fabrication process used for semiconductor manufacturing. This process choice is beneficial to reduce parasitic capacitance for a device. 
 
 Tape and reel A method of packing surface mount devices by placing each device in an individual pocket on a carrier tape. Clear tape is applied to contain the device within the pocket. The carrier tape is wound on a reel, easing device handling and transportation. 
 
 Telematics The convergence of telecommunications and information processing. The term is generally used for describing systems used in motor vehicles. 
 
 UWB Ultra-wideband Radio technology using very low energy levels for short-range, high-bandwidth communications. 
 
 V2X Vehicle-to-everything. Communication technology to allow vehicles to communicate with other vehicles, infrastructure, pedestrian devices, etc. 
 
 Wafer Thin slice of semiconductor material used as the substrate for building electronic circuits. Wafers are the output from the semiconductor foundry process before the assembly/packaging processes. 
 
 WiFi Wireless network protocol, based on the IEEE 802.11 family of standards. 
 
 Wireless backhaul point-to-point A method used by communication providers to use wireless data links to connect radio towers or the core network. 
 
 Wireless infrastructure Systems designed or used by network operators or other professionals to ensure strong communication links to consumers or customers. 

iv

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Annual Report"), including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein, sections entitled Risk Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business , includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Information regarding activities, events, and developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future, including, but not limited to, information relating to our future growth and profitability targets and strategies designed to increase total shareholder value, are forward-looking statements based on management s estimates, assumptions and projections. Forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our future economic and financial condition and results of operations, the plans and objectives of management and our assumptions regarding our performance and such plans and objectives, as well as the amount and timing of other uses of cash flows. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified through the use of words such as guidance, "believe, could, potential, continue, outlook, project, believe, target, predict, estimate, forecast, strategy, may, goal, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, foresee, likely, will, should and other similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters. Forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are predictions only, and actual results could differ materially from management s expectations due to a variety of factors, including those described below. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by such risk factors. 
 
 The forward-looking statements that we make in this Annual Report are based on management s current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. We disclaim any obligation to update developments of these risk factors or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements that we make, or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws. 
 
 Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our debt or meet our operating needs; 
 
 we may not be able to raise sufficient equity capital to support our operating needs and fund our strategic plans; 
 
 those relating to fluctuations in our operating results; 
 
 our dependence on developing new products, achieving design wins, and several large customers for a substantial portion of our revenue; 
 
 a loss of revenue if purchase contracts are canceled or delayed; 
 
 our dependence on third parties such as suppliers, product manufacturers, and product assemblers and testers; 
 
 risks related to sales through independent sales representatives and distributors; 
 
 risks associated with the operation of our third-party manufacturing providers; 
 
 anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 
 
 our ability to further penetrate our existing customer base; 
 
 our estimates regarding future revenues, capital requirements, general and administrative expenses, sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and our need for or ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations; 
 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry, including semiconductor availability, which has affected the automotive industry, impacting vehicle production and thereby demand irregularities for our business; 
 
 business disruptions; 
 
 poor manufacturing yields; 
 
 increased inventory risks and costs due to the timing of customer forecasts; 
 
 our ability to continue to innovate in a very competitive industry; 
 
 unfavorable changes in interest rates, pricing of certain precious metals, utility rates, and shipping and freight costs; 
 
 our strategic investments failing to achieve financial or strategic objectives; 
 
 our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees; 
 
 warranty claims, product recalls, and product liability; 
 
 changes in our effective tax rate and the enactment of international or domestic tax legislation, or changes in regulatory guidance; 
 
 risks associated with environmental, health and safety regulations, and climate change; 
 
 risks from international sales and third-party vendor operations; 
 
 the impact of, and our expectations regarding, changes in current and future laws and regulations; 
 
 changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and export restrictions; 
 
 our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property protection and the scope and duration of such protection; 
 
 claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights; 
 
 security breaches and other similar disruptions compromising our information; 
 
 theft, loss, or misuse of personal data by or about our employees, customers, or third parties; 
 
 our inability to remediate the material weakness identified in internal controls over financial reporting relating to certain control processes; 
 
 provisions in our governing documents and Delaware law may discourage takeovers and business combinations that our stockholders might consider to be in their best interests; and, 
 
 volatility in the price of our common stock. 

v

Table of Contents 

We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

vi

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. (formerly known as Laffin Acquisition Corp.) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 9, 2020. Guerrilla RF Operating Corporation (formerly known as Guerrilla RF, Inc.), a fabless semiconductor company based in Greensboro, North Carolina, was founded in 2013, initially as a North Carolina limited liability company before converting to a Delaware corporation. On October 22, 2021, Guerrilla RF Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Guerrilla RF, Inc., merged with and into Guerrilla RF Operating Corporation in a reverse merger transaction (the Merger ), with Guerrilla RF Operating Corporation continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Guerrilla RF, Inc.

Prior to the Merger, Laffin Acquisition Corp. was a shell company registered under the Exchange Act, with no specific business plan or purpose until it began operating the business of Guerrilla RF following the closing of the Merger. All references in this Annual Report to Guerrilla RF refer to Guerrilla RF Operating Corporation, a privately held Delaware corporation, and our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to the Company , we , our , us or similar terms refer to Guerrilla RF, Inc. (formerly known as Laffin Acquisition Corp.) together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, Guerrilla RF. Guerrilla RF holds all material assets and conducts all business activities and operations of the Company. Accordingly, throughout this Annual Report, there are frequent references to Guerrilla RF.

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQX, under the symbol GUER. 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 2000 Pisgah Church Road, Greensboro, North Carolina 27455. Our telephone number is (336) 510-7840. Our website address is www.guerrilla-rf.com . Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Annual Report. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other parties trademarks, trade dress, or products is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsements or sponsorship of, us by the trademark or trade dress owners. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Guerrilla RF is a fabless semiconductor company based in Greensboro, NC. Guerrilla RF was founded in 2013 with a mission to employ RF semiconductor technology to deliver RF solutions to customers in underserved markets. Over the past several years, Guerrilla RF has become a leader in developing high-performance MMIC products for wireless connectivity. It continues to target underserved markets and customers, delivering a range of high-performance MMIC products and associated technical support to a diverse set of customers that enable a more connected world. 
 
 Guerrilla RF possesses in-house design, applications, sales, and customer support functions as a fabless semiconductor company. It outsources the manufacture and production of its MMIC products to subcontractors located overseas, providing access to multiple semiconductor process technologies. Guerrilla RF s primary external wafer foundries are in Taiwan and Singapore, and its primary assembly and test suppliers are located in Malaysia and the Philippines. We have produced and distributed in excess of 100 million products in our portfolio of products to over 500 end customers worldwide. 

1

Table of Contents 

Our Industry 
 
 Global demand for ubiquitous, always-on connectivity has increased over the past several years, driving data traffic over wireless and wired networks. We believe that wireless and wired markets are undergoing multi-year technology upgrade cycles to keep pace with this demand. 
 
 Cellular operators have been migrating to 5G technology to improve efficiency, increase data throughput, reduce signal latency, and enable massive machine-to-machine connectivity. Because 5G networks operate on different frequencies (low-, mid-, and high-band spectrum) and coexist with prior cellular standards, we believe 5G deployments will increase the content opportunity for Guerrilla RF s infrastructure RF products. 
 
 As an example, over the past several years, automakers have added more entertainment and safety features to their automobiles due in part to customer demands and in part due to increased demand for electric vehicles (EV) and an increasing focus on the development of autonomous vehicle technologies. We expect this trend to continue to increase demand for RF semiconductors in modern automobiles. We believe this trend offers a growing content opportunity for Guerrilla RF s automotive RF products. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has placed even more demand on the need for contactless and wireless communication in all aspects of human existence. Our technology helps meet that demand and facilitates rapid and contactless communication. 
 
 Our Markets 
 
 Our business is diversified across the following markets: Wireless Infrastructure, Automotive, and Catalog Markets. 
 
 Wireless Infrastructure 
 
 The wireless infrastructure market is characterized by the deployment of 5G networks over sub-7 GHz and millimeter wave frequencies, often with mMIMO active antenna arrays, which may significantly increase the number of RF transmit and receive channels. These 5G networks require a broad portfolio of highly efficient RF solutions that increase capacity and expand coverage in a compact form factor. We support wireless infrastructure OEMs located across the globe with a broad portfolio of RF solutions serving all major/applicable frequency bands under 7 GHz. 
 
 Automotive 
 
 Next-generation wireless technologies are enabling new use cases in automotive wireless connectivity, including V2X applications that facilitate direct, high-speed communication. These new use cases require complex RF solutions spanning multiple protocols, including GPS, satellite radio, DAB, WiFi, 5G (sub-7 GHz), and UWB. 
 
 Catalog Markets 
 
 Other markets (which we group and refer to as Catalog Markets include satellite navigation, cellular repeaters, point-to-point radios, RFID/asset tracking, defense, wireless audio, and test and measurement, as well as other high-performance RF applications. Our satellite navigation solutions enable precision location finding for agricultural, aviation, maritime, mining, and construction applications. Our solutions for the cellular repeater and point-to-point radio markets facilitate network densification and expanded coverage. Our offerings enable longer battery life and improved coverage for RFID/asset tracking and defense radios. In addition, our portfolio of devices offering a wide range of gain, linearity, and noise figure performance lend themselves to use in various demanding applications in certain product markets, including those referenced above. 

2

Table of Contents 

Our Products 
 
 Guerrilla RF s portfolio of products has been developed to improve performance, reduce complexity, enable smaller form factors, and solve other critical RF challenges. 
 
 Wireless Infrastructure 
 
 Our solutions for mMIMO systems include LNAs, linear driver amplifiers, digital step attenuators, and discrete PAs. In addition, we are in the course of developing GaN amplifier modules and SOI switches and continuing to grow our wireless infrastructure product offerings. 
 
 Automotive 
 
 We provide automotive RF connectivity products, including LNAs, linear driver amplifiers, switches, PAs, and front-end solutions. Our automotive products are designed to meet or exceed AEC-Q101 quality and reliability standards, and we supply automotive OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and chipset vendors. 
 
 Catalog Markets 
 
 We supply various standard RF catalog components to several markets. Our products unique combination of low noise, broad bandwidth, and high linearity suit many applications, including wireless audio equipment, defense and first responder 2-way radios, test and measurement equipment, cellular repeaters, and wireless backhaul point-to-point links. 
 
 Our Operations 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Since our inception, Guerrilla RF has focused on under-served markets by providing industry-leading performance in discrete and integrated RF devices including ultra-low noise amplifiers (Ultra-LNAs), gain blocks, drivers, PAs, switches, mixers, power detectors, digital step attenuators, and infrastructure-class high power amplifiers. 

3

Table of Contents 

We invest in research and development ("R D") to develop products necessary to serve our target markets. Our R D activities typically support competitive design win opportunities for significant programs at key customers, which require best-in-class performance, size, cost, and functional density. We also invest in R D to develop new products for broader market applications. Our R D efforts require us to focus on continuous improvement and innovation in fundamental areas, including software, simulation and modeling, systems architecture, circuit design, device packaging, module integration, and test-related materials and designs. 
 
 As a fabless semiconductor company, we utilize our wafer foundry manufacturing suppliers GaAs, GaN, and SOI CMOS process technologies. We combine these technologies with proprietary design methods, IP, and applications engineering expertise to improve performance, increase integration and reduce the size and cost of our products. 
 
 We work with our package and test suppliers to develop and qualify advanced packaging technologies to reduce component size, improve performance and reduce package costs. Our manufacturing partners capabilities enable us to bring these technologies to market in high volumes. R D expenses totaled 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. R D activities in 2022 focused on developing and releasing 18 new products to bring GRF s product catalog to a total of 119 products at the end of 2022. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 We utilize an outsourced manufacturing model, and our manufacturing suppliers purchase raw materials to support our requirements. Our suppliers typically use industry-standard raw materials, which reduces supply chain risk. In addition, we purchase passive components for use in modules that include tuning components. 
 
 During 2020, 2021, and 2022, the semiconductor industry experienced supply constraints for specific raw materials, including wafers and package lead frames. The industry continues to address these constraints, but we believe it may take another year or so for these constraints to ease. Meanwhile, we work closely with our manufacturing partners, developing long-term strategic partnerships to forecast our product needs and achieve adequate manufacturing capacity to mitigate the risk of having limited availability of raw materials suppliers. As a result of these strategic partnerships, we can add suppliers, redesign products using alternative raw materials, qualify multiple wafer foundries, and extend or add supply commitments to provide flexibility in our supply chain. 

4

Table of Contents 

Manufacturing 
 
 We believe that our outsourced manufacturing strategy allows us to identify the optimum semiconductor process technology for each product while ensuring we pay competitive prices for manufacturing. Our manufacturing suppliers are broadly distributed around the globe. We qualify additional manufacturing sites and sources of supply to reduce the risk of supply interruptions or price increases, and we closely monitor our suppliers key performance indicators. In addition, we seek to ensure that materials and manufacturing services are available from multiple sources. Our product manufacturing comprises a two-step process: wafer fabrication and packaging. Wafers are produced in wafer foundries by subcontractors and shipped to our assembly subcontractors for packaging. Most of our products are manufactured using a single die which is placed on a copper lead frame. We use bond wires to connect terminals on the package to the appropriate pads on the die. Material composition and wire length significantly affect the performance of the end product. Once a product has completed manufacturing, each device is RF-tested to ensure it meets published specifications. We transfer compliant devices to tape and reel -- the generally accepted method customers use in their downstream manufacturing processes. 
 
 We subcontract with multiple wafer foundries located in Taiwan and Singapore. We currently utilize GaAs HBT, GaAs pHEMT, and SOI process technologies however, we are currently developing new products using those technologies and GaN technologies. 
 
 We partner with multiple test and assembly (packaging) subcontractors in Malaysia and the Philippines, each of whom we consider highly experienced and well-suited to support our new product roadmap. In addition, we believe that having multiple relationships provides us with additional capacity and flexibility, which is critical to risk mitigation. 
 
 Manufacturing yields vary significantly based on many factors, including product complexity, performance requirements, and the maturity of the chosen manufacturing processes. To maximize wafer yields and quality, parameters are measured throughout the manufacturing process to ensure the systems are in control and produce the expected outputs. Ongoing reliability monitoring and numerous quality control inspections are also conducted throughout the production flow to ensure that we deliver high-quality products to our customers. Semiconductor fabrication is a specialized field requiring highly controlled and clean environments. As a result, the die on a wafer can become defective due to minute impurities, variances in the fabrication process, or defects in the masks used to transfer circuit patterns onto the wafers. 
 
 Our subcontractors manufacturing facilities are certified to the ISO 9001 quality standard, and select locations are accredited to additional automotive (IATF 16949) and environmental (ISO 14001) standards. These stringent standards are audited and certified by third-party certification bodies. The ISO 9001 standard is the international standard for creating a quality management system. IATF 16949 is the highest international quality standard for the global automotive industry and incorporates specific additional requirements for the automotive industry. ISO 14001 is an internationally agreed-upon standard for an environmental management system. Many of our key vendors and suppliers are certified to be compliant with these standards. 

Our Customers 

We design, develop, manufacture, and market products for leading domestic and international original equipment manufacturers and original design manufacturers. We also collaborate with leading reference design partners and design consultants globally. 
 
 Approximately 79 and 80 of our product business in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was from sales to customers in the following markets: Wireless Infrastructure, Automotive, and Cellular Boosters/DAS. Approximately 93 and 92 of all of our product sales were made via distributors, and approximately 7 and 8 of sales were made directly to end-user customers in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Our customers purchase RFIC and MMIC solutions for various applications, including base stations, satellite radio antennas, GPS/GNSS products, small cells, WiFi, cellular boosters, and compensators. 

5

Table of Contents 

Governmental Regulation 
 
 The semiconductor industry in which we operate is regulated, and the products and solutions we provide are subject to a complex set of federal, State, and country-specific laws and regulations. We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), which prohibits improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business and requires companies to maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. Safeguards we implement to discourage improper payments or offers of payments by our employees, consultants, and others may be ineffective, and violations of the FCPA and similar laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities or proceedings against us, any of which would likely harm our reputation, business, financial condition, and result of operations. 
 
 Import/Export Controls 

Sales to international customers are subject to the U.S. Department of Commerce import/export controls. A license may be required to export a product to a customer depending on the technical capability of the underlying product, the actual end customer purchaser, the known end use of the product, or due to the export country location. Most of the products, services, and technologies that fall within the scope of the Export Administration Regulations are not specifically controlled for export and are classified as EAR99 . 
 As of December 31, 2022, none of our products were subject to export licenses and, as such, were classified as EAR99. As such, they fall under the U.S. Department of Commerce's jurisdiction and are not included in the U.S. Department of Commerce s Control List. We are also required to adhere to the Entity List published by the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security (https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/ lists-of-parties-of-concern/entity-list ).

We are also subject to import/export controls, tariffs, and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in countries where we conduct business. These controls, tariffs, regulations, and restrictions (including those related to, or affected by, United States-China relations, as discussed below) may impact our business, including our ability to sell products and manufacture or source components.

Environmental 
 
 Guerrilla RF and our overseas manufacturing subcontractors are subject to various extensive and changing domestic and international federal, State, and local governmental laws, regulations, and ordinances related to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of toxic, volatile, or otherwise hazardous chemicals used in the manufacturing process. 
 
 We monitor our manufacturing subcontractors and their compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 We require that our suppliers certify their compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations related to hazardous materials used in the manufacturing, assembly, and testing of our products, particularly materials retained in the final product. In addition, we have developed specific restrictions on the content of certain hazardous materials in our products and those of our suppliers and outsourced manufacturers and subcontractors. This practice helps ensure our products are compliant with the requirements of the markets into which we sell our products and with our customers needs. 
 
 Other Governmental Regulations 
 
 Government regulations are subject to change in the future. Accordingly, we cannot assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether our compliance with such regulations will materially impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

6

Table of Contents 

Sales and Marketing 
 
 We sell our products worldwide through a network of U.S. and foreign sales representative firms and distributors, and directly to customers. We select our domestic and foreign sales representatives based on their technical skills and sales expertise, complementary product lines, and customer bases. In addition, we provide ongoing educational training about our products to our internal and external sales representatives and distributors. We maintain an internal sales and marketing organization responsible for key account management, customer application engineering support, sales, and advertising literature, and technical presentations for industry conferences. Our direct sales personnel are located throughout the world. We handle all our technical customer support out of our headquarters in Greensboro, N.C. 
 
 Our website contains extensive product information and includes state-of-the-art parametric search tables that allow engineers to locate products quickly and easily. Customers can learn about our products, and download datasheets, product catalogs, s-parameters, application notes, and many other technical documents from our website. Our team of application engineers interacts with customers during all design and production stages, maintains regular contact with customer engineers, provides product application notes and engineering data, and assists in resolving technical problems. We maintain close relationships with our customers and provide them with technical support to help them anticipate future product needs. We actively seek their input to guide our product roadmaps. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our sales are generated via standard purchase orders or specific agreements with customers. Historically, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations in the sale of our products driven by our customers' individual demands, oftentimes with the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year experiencing stronger customer sales demands. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We operate in competitive environments across all of our market segments. Our end-user customers product life cycles can be relatively long compared to mobile phones or similar consumer products. For example, wireless infrastructure and automotive market product life cycles can be in the 5-10 year range compared to the 12-18 month range for mobile phones or similar products. Our ability to effectively compete is primarily determined by our ability to innovate with new products, improve existing products already on the market, maintain close relationships with our supply chain partners and key customers, and deliver new and improved products before our competitors. In addition, our competitiveness is affected by the quality of our customer service and technical support. 
 
 We compete primarily with Qorvo, Inc., NXP Semiconductors N.V., Skyworks Solutions, Inc., and MACOM Technology Solutions Inc. 
 
 Many of our current and potential competitors have entrenched market positions and customer relationships, established patents, and other intellectual property and substantial technological capabilities. The selection process for our products is highly competitive, and our end-user customers provide no guarantees that they will include our products in the next generation of their products. Additionally, many of our competitors may have significant financial, technical, manufacturing, and marketing resources, which may allow them to implement new technologies and develop new products more quickly. 

7

Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property (IP) 
 
 Our IP, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, is essential to our business, and we actively seek opportunities to leverage our IP portfolio to promote our business interests. We also actively seek to monitor and protect our global IP rights and deter unauthorized use of our IP and other assets. Such efforts can be complex because of the absence of consistent international standards and laws. Moreover, we respect the IP rights of others and strive to mitigate the risk of infringing or misappropriating third-party IP. 
 
 Patent applications are filed within the U.S. and may be filed in other countries where we have a market presence. On occasion, some applications do not mature into patents for various reasons, including rejections based on prior art. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect IP rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. We have two patents, each of which will expire in February 2034. Because of our rapid innovation and product development and the comparatively slow pace of patenting processes, our products could be obsolete before the related patents expire or are granted. However, we believe the duration and scope of our patents are sufficient to support our business, which as a whole is not significantly dependent on any one particular patent or IP right. As we expand our products and offerings, we also seek to expand our patent prosecution efforts to cover such products. 
 
 We periodically register federal trademarks, service marks, and trade names that distinguish our product brand names in the market. We also monitor these marks for their proper and intended use. Additionally, we rely on non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements to protect our interest in confidential and proprietary information that gives us a competitive advantage, including business strategies, unpatented inventions, designs, and process technology. Such information is closely monitored and made available only to those employees whose responsibilities require access to the data. 
 
 Rights in trademarks, service marks, and trade names do not have expiration dates. Of those rights, we have five federal registrations and three pending federal applications for registration at the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). The registrations have (and will have) technical expiration dates, but each is renewable indefinitely. 

8

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 
 
 We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and we must continue to attract, develop, retain, and motivate our employees to remain competitive and execute our business strategy. We strive to meet these objectives by offering competitive pay and benefits in a diverse, inclusive, and safe workplace. In addition, we provide opportunities for our employees to grow and develop their careers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 68 employees including three international employees . By region, approximately 96 of our total employees are located in the United States and 4 in Asia . By primary job function, about 54 of our employees have engineering or technician roles, 6 are in operations, and 40 have sales, marketing, or other administrative roles. None of our employees is represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 
 Competitive Pay and Benefits 
 
 We provide compensation and benefits packages that we believe are competitive within our industry. We use a combination of compensation and other programs (which vary by region and salary grade) to attract, motivate and retain our employees, including stock option awards, retirement programs, unlimited personal time off, and health and wellness benefits and programs. In addition, we benchmark our compensation and benefits packages annually to remain competitive with our peers and attract and retain talent throughout our organization. 
 
 Employee Recruitment, Retention, and Development 
 
 We are committed to recruiting, hiring, retaining, promoting, and engaging a diverse workforce to serve our global customers. We have established relationships with professional associations and industry groups to attract talent proactively. In addition, we partner with universities to recruit undergraduate and graduate students for our internship program and entry-level positions. We also invest in employee development programs to provide employees with the training and education they need to help them achieve their career goals and build relevant skills. 
 
 We believe our unique corporate culture, competitive compensation and benefits programs, and career growth and development opportunities promote longer employee tenure and reduce turnover. We monitor employee turnover rates as our success depends upon retaining and investing in our highly skilled technical staff. As a result, our attrition rate has consistently been below the technology industry average. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 We value the uniqueness that an inclusive and diverse global team brings to our company. Therefore, we are focused on creating an environment that leverages the perspectives and contributions of each employee. 
 
 Safety, Health, and Wellness 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we reduced business travel and instituted comprehensive safety protocols for our facility. In addition, we offered the option to our employees to work from home, though most opted to return to in-person work after lockdowns ended. 
 
 We prioritize safe working conditions. We are committed to an injury-free workplace and provide dedicated workplace training and leadership support to reduce or eliminate health and safety risks. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Greensboro, NC, where we lease approximately 50,000 square feet of office space under a lease agreement that commenced in the first quarter of 2023 when we took possession of the building. The lease term for our headquarters is 10 years and two months. We also continue to lease our old headquarters building, consisting of approximately 10,000 square feet of office space, and this lease expires in 2024 subject to a right to early termination upon payment of an early termination fee. 

9

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before making your decision to invest in shares of our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. These events could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 

Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on us being able to raise significant additional capital to fund our operations, which may be unavailable on attractive terms, if at all, and could dilute your investment. 

We have incurred significant losses in the past and will experience losses in the future. Our business and stock price may be adversely affected if we cannot make consistent progress toward future profitability. 

We may not generate or have sufficient cash available to fund our operations, service our debt, fund capital expenditures, or support our business growth, and we may be unable to find additional sources of capital. As a result, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our debt obligations and financing requirements, which may not be successful or on terms favorable to us. 

Our ability to realize our deferred tax asset and deduct certain future losses could be limited if we experience, or are deemed to already have experienced, an ownership change as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 

We are an emerging commercial company that began commercial operations selling products in 2014. Since we base our expectations of potential customers and future demand for our products on only limited experience, it is difficult for our management and investors to forecast and evaluate our prospects and revenues accurately. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our sales have been concentrated in a small number of customers. 

We are still developing many of our products, and they may not be accepted in the market or by significant customers. 

10

Table of Contents 

Our operating results are substantially dependent on developing new products and achieving design wins. Therefore, our future revenues that fund our growth in operations, continuing product development, administrative costs, and sales and marketing efforts are highly dependent on winning slots for our new product offerings. 

The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business continues to be unknown. However, beginning in the second quarter of 2020, we observed delays, declining demand, and price fluctuations in the semiconductor industry. 

We depend heavily on a single electronics distribution company to augment the reach of our field sales team and stock our products for a quick fulfillment of orders to numerous end users of our products. Therefore, any disruption of this relationship would result in a significant loss of sales to the extensive market participants with whom we place our products. Furthermore, any disruption of our relationship with this distributor could result in their default in a large portion of our accounts receivable, which can often exceed 60 of total commercial receivables due to us. 

We depend heavily on third parties, especially in our supply chain. Therefore, any disruption in our third-party supply chain relationships, either due to their constraints or their respective decision to suspend materials delivery, would adversely affect our ability to make products and execute sales orders. We may not be able to recover from any disruption that lasts a significant period of time. 

We sell to several large companies with considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could harm our business or ability to recognize revenues. 

We face risks related to sales through independent sales representatives and distributors. 

If we experience poor manufacturing yields, our operating results may suffer. 

We are subject to inventory risks and costs because we build our products based on anticipated customer orders and forecasts often before receiving purchase orders for the products. 

We operate in a very competitive industry and must continue to innovate. 

Unfavorable changes in interest rates, pricing of certain precious metals, utility rates, and foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 

Failure to retain and recruit essential engineering, operations, sales/marketing, and administrative talent could negatively impact our business and financial results. 

Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities, occupy a considerable amount of our management s time and attention, and damage our reputation. 

We rely on our intellectual property and copyrighted designs. As a result, we may not be able to successfully protect against the use of our intellectual property by third parties. As a result, we may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 

We face risks from manufacturing and packaging our products by outside parties located in Taiwan, Singapore, the Philippines, and Malaysia. These risks may include quality failures, export and import complexities and disruptions, geopolitical issues, factory failures or closures, local or global laws violations, the impact of healthcare challenges such as COVID-19 locally, and sudden process manufacturing deviations. In the event of a manufacturing disruption with one of our manufacturing providers, we have options to move manufacturing to another approved supplier with the same processing capabilities. 

Government regulation may adversely affect our business. Economic regulation in China and other countries where we sell products could adversely impact our business and the results of operations. Changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and export restrictions, have limited and could continue to limit our ability to sell or provide our products and other items to specific customers and suppliers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

11

Table of Contents 

There is currently a limited market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that a more liquid market will ever develop. Therefore, you may be unable to resell shares of our common stock at times, and prices that you believe are appropriate. 

We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock. 

Our international operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business results of operations and financial condition. 

Our revenues are dependent on our ability to maintain and expand existing customer relationships and our ability to attract new customers. 

If we fail to increase market awareness of our brand and products, expand our sales and marketing operations, improve our sales execution, and increase our sales channels, our business could be harmed. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 
 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on us being able to raise significant additional capital and/or secure additional loans to fund our operations, which may be unavailable on attractive terms, if at all. 
 
 Our recurring operating losses and our current operating plans raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued their audit report on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which included an explanatory paragraph as to our ability to continue as a going concern. While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our current operating plans through the second quarter of 2023, we have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently expect and need to raise additional funds sooner than we anticipate. 
 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on us being able to raise additional capital and/or secure additional loans to fund our operations and achieve our business objectives. Our cash balance stood at 4.3 million on December 31, 2022; however, we have recorded a net loss of 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or approximately 1.0 million per month. On February 28, 2023, we completed a private placement offering, raising gross proceeds of 9.2 million, including 5.0 million in an initial closing in late December 2022 and 4.2 million in January and February 2023. 
 
 Potentially, we could draw down additional funds under our existing loan facility with Spectrum Commercial Services Company, L.L.C. ("Spectrum") (the "Spectrum Loan Facility"); however, our ability to do so is dependent upon the value of eligible accounts receivable assigned to Spectrum as security for advances under the Spectrum Loan Facility, which value fluctuates from time to time and is ultimately outside of our control. We anticipate seeking permission from Salem Investment Partners V, Limited Partnership ("Salem") to draw down up to an additional 3.0 million of our 8.0 million loan facility (the "Salem Loan Facility"); however, Salem has the discretion to, and may, decline our request. We are also pursuing additional funding opportunities, including planning for a further capital raise in the second quarter of 2023 in connection with our planned uplisting to the Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. The ongoing inflationary economic environment and related capital market effects caused by the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its impact on the supply chain, cannot be predicted with certainty and may make it more difficult or preclude us from raising additional capital, increase our costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. If we are unable to secure additional capital and/or loans when needed or on acceptable terms, we may not be able to do certain things, including but not limited to: 
 
 develop or enhance our products; 
 
 continue and expand our R D activities; 
 
 continue to expand our sales and marketing organization; 
 
 acquire complementary technologies, products, or businesses; 
 
 expand operations, in the United States or internationally; 
 
 hire, train, and retain employees; or, 
 
 respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements. 
 
 Our failure to do any of the aforementioned things could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ultimately, if we do not secure additional financing in a timely manner, we will be unable to fund ongoing operations and pay our obligations as they become due, affecting our ability to continue as a going concern. 

12

Table of Contents 

We have incurred significant losses in the past and will likely experience losses in the future. 
 
 We have incurred significant losses in the past and recorded a net lo ss of 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 27.1 million and 15.0 milli on at December 31, 2021. Our business and stock price may be adversely affected if we cannot make consistent progress toward future profitability. 
 
 Our ability to be profitable in the future depends upon continued demand for our products from existing and new customers. Furthermore, further adoption of our products depends upon our ability to improve the quality of our products. In addition, our profitability will be affected by, among other things, our ability to execute on our business strategy, the timing and size of customer orders, the pricing and costs of our products, competitive offerings, macroeconomic conditions affecting the semiconductor industry, and the extent to which we invest in sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative resources. 
 
 Our ability to realize our deferred tax asset and deduct certain future losses could be limited if we experience an ownership change as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"). 
 
 Under the Code, a corporation is generally allowed a deduction for net operating losses ("NOLs") carried over from prior taxable years. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 28.9 million of gross federal and State NOLs and 0.6 million of other carryforwards available to reduce future federal taxable income. Our ability to use our NOLs and other carryforwards will depend on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. A corporation s ability to deduct its federal NOL carryforwards and to utilize certain other available tax attributes can be substantially constrained under the general annual limitation rules of Section 382 of the Code if it undergoes an ownership change as defined in Section 382 (generally, where cumulative stock ownership changes among material stockholders exceed 50 during a rolling three-year period). Accordingly, if the Company were to undergo an "ownership change", our ability to utilize our NOLs and other carryforwards would be limited, and this could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The relevant calculations for Section 382 are technical and highly complex. Whether an ownership change occurs is largely outside of our control, and there can be no assurance that such a change will not occur in the future. If an ownership change occurs in the future it is possible that the limitations imposed could cause a net increase in our federal income tax liability and cause federal income taxes to be paid earlier than if such limitations were not in effect. An ownership change could also eliminate a portion of the federal tax loss carryforward if the limitation is low and causes our NOLs to expire unutilized. Any such ownership change could have a material adverse effect on our future business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of our common stock. 
 
 Market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and share price. 
 Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth going forward, and increased credit defaults. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. 
 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. We had previously identified other material weaknesses that have since been remediated. The outstanding material weakness, or a reoccurrence of those recently remediated material weaknesses, could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting policy and documentation of management's contemplation of the accounting treatment over leases and significant unusual transactions. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We had previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that have been remediated related to: significant positions utilized for our tax provisions, our Chief Financial Officer's ("CFO") rights and access to post journal entries, and our financial reporting process. Our management has concluded these previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 

13

Table of Contents 

To remediate these material weaknesses, we have devoted significant effort and resources to improve our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Our remediation steps have included: 
 
 the retention of a public accounting firm to assist us with our tax accounting and tax provision calculations; 
 
 the retention of an accounting advisory services consulting firm to assist us with evaluating and documenting the accounting treatment of significant unusual transactions; 
 
 the enhancement of our procedures to evaluate and document the accounting treatment of significant unusual transactions, including the utilization of an accounting research tool we have implemented and subscribed; 
 
 the enhancement of our segregation of duties through a review and revision of information technology access rights; 
 
 the enhancement and formalization of our financial reporting scheduling and closing calendar; and, 
 
 the enhancement of our secondary review process during our financial reporting process. 
 
 We can offer no assurance that these remediation steps will prevent any future deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. Furthermore, we can give no assurance that the measures we have taken will remediate the outsanding material weakness, or will prevent any future material weaknesses, or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, our strengthened controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors, which could affect the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have a limited operating history upon which investors can evaluate our business and prospects. 
 
 We are an emerging commercial company that began commercial operations selling products in 2014. Since we base our expectations of potential customers and future demand for our products on only limited experience, it is difficult for our management and investors to forecast and evaluate our prospects and revenues accurately. Therefore, the proposed progression of our operations is subject to the risks inherent in light of the expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the growth of any new business, as well as those risks that are specific to our Company in particular. The risks include but are not limited to our reliance on third parties to complete some processes for the manufacturing and packaging of our products and the possibility that we will not be able to achieve design wins with our products. In addition, to successfully introduce and market our products at a profit, we must establish brand name recognition and competitive advantages for our products. There are no assurances that the Company can successfully address these challenges. If unsuccessful, the Company and its business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially and adversely affected. 

14

Table of Contents 

We may not generate sufficient cash to service our current or future debt or fund capital expenditures. As a result, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our debt obligations and financing requirements, which may not be successful or on terms favorable to us. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, our current or future debt obligations and to fund working capital, planned capital expenditures and expansion efforts, and any strategic alliances or acquisitions we may make in the future depends on our ability to raise additional funds in 2023, generate cash in the future, and on our financial condition and operating performance. However, our financial condition and operating performance are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and specific financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. As a result, we cannot ensure that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay our debt. For example, should our cash flows and capital resources be insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may face liquidity issues and be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our debt. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service and other obligations. 
 
 Our operating results are substantially dependent on developing new products and achieving design wins. Therefore, our future revenues that fund our growth in operations, continuing product development, administrative costs, and sales and marketing efforts are highly dependent on winning slots for our new product offerings. 
 
 Our largest markets are characterized by high levels of competition from formidable market participants, and they are often much larger in size and have greater capacity than us. Therefore, to effectively compete in our markets, we must introduce new product solutions that satisfy customer demands for greater functionality and improved performance. However, it is possible that we may fail to provide such solutions in time for our end-user customers design cycles. In that case, we may experience a lack of growth that is central to our strategic plans or even suffer substantial decreases in our revenue by missing out on these design windows. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely and cost-effective manner and secure production orders from our customers. The development of new products is a highly complex process, and we have experienced delays in completing the development and introduction of new products at times. 
 
 We participate in markets with a broad array of applications, which makes our ability to predict market requirements more challenging and consequently makes the definition and design of new products that address those requirements more difficult to ensure the future success of our business. 
 
 Our success at effective product development depends on several factors, including the following: 

our ability to design products that meet industry requirements, costs, and performance levels, including specific customer product requirements 

our ability to introduce new products that are competitive and that we can offer at competitive prices for the functionality and performance delivered 

our ability to recruit and retain qualified product design engineers 

our ability to supply products that are highly reliable and free of defects 

our ability to meet industry and customer product ramps and, 

the success of our customers products in the market, which, in turn, determines the demand for our chips. 

The industry and the markets in which we operate are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. Therefore, for our RF products to be competitive and achieve market acceptance, we need to keep pace with the rapid development of new process technologies. 
 
 The markets in which we compete are intensely competitive. We operate primarily in the industry that designs and produces semiconductor components for wireless communications and other wireless devices, which are subject to rapid changes in both product and process technologies based on demand and evolving industry standards. The markets for our products are characterized by: 

rapid changes in customer requirements; 

frequent new product introductions and enhancements; 

continuous demand for higher levels of integration, decreased size, and reduced power consumption; 

15

Table of Contents 

fluctuating pricing; and, 

evolving industry standards. 

Our R D activity and resulting products could become obsolete or less competitive sooner than anticipated because of a faster-than-expected change in one or more of the above-noted factors. Therefore, for our products to be competitive and achieve market acceptance, we need to keep pace with the rapid development of new process technologies, which requires us to: 

respond effectively to technological advances through the timely introduction of new technologies and products; 

successfully implement our strategies and execute our R D plan in practice; and, 

implement cost reductions in the manufacturing of our products. 

Many of our current and potential competitors have entrenched market positions and customer relationships, established patents, and other IP and substantial technological capabilities. Additionally, many of our competitors may have significant financial, technical, manufacturing, and marketing resources, which may allow them to implement new technologies and develop new products more quickly. 
 
 We will require additional capital to support our business growth, and such capital may not be available. 
 
 We intend to continue making investments to support business growth. We will require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including developing new solutions or enhancing existing solutions, enhancing our operating infrastructure, expanding our sales and marketing capabilities, and acquiring complementary businesses, technologies, or assets. We plan to engage in additional equity or debt financing to secure the necessary funds. However, equity and debt financing might not be available when needed or, if available, might not be available on terms satisfactory to us. If we raise additional funds through equity financing, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us in the future, our ability to continue as a going concern, to support our business growth, and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited as we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate some or all of our initiatives, which could harm our operating results. 
 
 We are still developing many of our products, and they may not be accepted in the market or by significant customers. 
 
 Although we believe that our products provide advantages over existing MMIC products in the market, we cannot be sure that new products will achieve market acceptance. 
 
 The successful development and market acceptance of our MMIC products will be highly complex and will depend on the following principal competitive factors, including our ability to: 

comply with industry standards and effectively compete against current products; 

differentiate our products from the offerings of our competitors by delivering MMICs that are higher in quality, reliability, and technical performance; 

anticipate customer and market requirements, changes in technology and industry standards, and timely develop improved technologies that meet high levels of satisfaction among our potential customers; 

maintain, grow and manage our internal teams to the extent we increase our operations and develop new segments of our business; 

build and sustain successful collaborative, strategic, and other relationships with manufacturers, customers, and contractors; 

protect, create or otherwise obtain adequate IP for our technology and, 

achieve strong financial, sales, marketing, technical and other resources necessary to develop, test, manufacture, and market our products. 

If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may not compete successfully against current and potential competitors. As a result, the market may not accept our future MMIC products. 
 
 In addition, Tier 1 manufacturers may be less receptive to adopting solutions from smaller companies such as the Company due to their desire to limit the expansion of their approved vendor lists. The Company could also face pressure from competitors who can provide more lucrative bundling options due to the breadth of their overall portfolio. 

16

Table of Contents 

We depend on a large distributor and several large customers in the automotive and wireless infrastructure market. 
 
 A substantial portion of our product revenue results from sales to large suppliers in the automotive industry, which requires special performance and reliability requirements and stringent volume delivery demands. In addition, we rely heavily on the wireless infrastructure market, which, similar to our automotive customers, requires we reliably meet high-volume delivery schedules. Therefore, our future operating results will be heavily affected by the success of large automotive and wireless infrastructure customers. 
 
 O ur three largest end customers collectively accounted for approximately 45 and 49 of our revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. We often service end customers through our largest distributor, who will ship to and bill directly for product shipments. The concentration of billings to this distributor as a portion of our total revenues was 81 and 76 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. It is possible that demand for their customers products decreases materially. 
 
 We depend heavily on third parties. 
 
 We partner with a limited number of external suppliers and rely on them to fulfill our customers orders. These third-party suppliers perform complex manufacturing processes, including die processing, packaging, and test, tape and reel. The semiconductor industry has experienced supply constraints for specific items, which the COVID-19 pandemic exacerbated. 
 
 If these third-party suppliers fail to deliver our products on time, we will be unable to satisfy our customers orders, which will negatively impact our financial results, cash flow, and our ability to fund further product development efforts. 
 
 Our key suppliers commit to being compliant with applicable ISO 9001 quality standards however, should they experience quality and reliability issues, this may delay shipments to our customers and negatively affect our reputation directly with customers and our reputation in the market, which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 We sell to several large companies with considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could harm our business or ability to recognize revenues. 
 
 Large companies comprise a significant portion of our current and target customer base. These customers generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often demand more favorable terms from suppliers, including us. As a result, as we seek to expand our sales to existing customers and acquire new customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are more favorable to our customers, and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs, and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to satisfy such onerous terms may result in litigation, damages, additional costs, market share loss, and reputation loss. Additionally, these large customers may require that we agree to most-favored customer or exclusivity provisions concerning specific products that restrict our ability to do business with other customers causing us to increasingly rely on such large customers. 
 
 We face risks related to sales through independent sales representatives and distributors. 
 
 We sell a significant portion of our products through third-party distributors. We depend on these distributors to help us create end-customer demand, provide technical support and other value-added services to customers, fill customer orders, and stock our products. As a result, a material change in our relationship with one or more of these distributors or their failure to perform as expected could negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 Our ability to add or replace distributors for some of our products may be limited because our end-customers may be hesitant to accept the addition or replacement of a distributor due to advantages in the incumbent distributors technical support and favorable business terms related to payments, discounts, and stocking of acceptable inventory levels. 
 
 Using third parties for sales representation and distribution exposes us to many risks, including competitive pressure, concentration, credit risk, and compliance risks. Other third parties may use one of our distributors or sales representatives to sell products that compete with our products. We may need to provide financial and other incentives, such as higher commission rates, to encourage them to prioritize the sale of our products. Our distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. Violations of the FCPA or similar laws by our distributors or other third-party intermediaries could have a material impact on our business. 
 
 Failure to manage risks related to our use of distributors or other third-party intermediaries may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position. 

17

Table of Contents 

Business disruptions could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our business could be disrupted by natural disasters, industrial accidents, cybersecurity incidents, telecommunications failures, power or water shortages, extreme weather conditions, public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic), military actions, acts of terrorism, political or regulatory issues, and other man-made disasters or catastrophic events. 
 
 We carry commercial property damage and business interruption insurance against various risks, with limits we deem adequate, for reimbursement for damage to our fixed assets and the resulting disruption of our operations. However, this coverage likely would not wholly cover the negative impact on our business for any lengthy interruption, which could harm our Company in an unanticipated way and result in significant losses, a decline in revenue, and an increase in our costs and expenses. Disruptions from these events would likely require substantial recovery time and impact profits and cash flow in a significant manner. In addition, such business disruptions would adversely impact our relationships with our customers. 
 
 If our customers independently experience comparable business disruptions, they may reduce or cancel their orders, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 If we experience poor manufacturing yields, our operating results may suffer. 
 
 Our products are unique and fabricated using semiconductor process technologies that are highly complex. In some cases, we assemble our products in customized packages. Some of our products consist of multiple components in a single module and feature enhanced levels of integration and complexity. Our customers insist that we design our products to meet their same quality, performance, and reliability specifications. Our manufacturing yield is a combination of yields across the entire supply chain, including wafer fabrication, assembly, and test yields. Due to the complexity of our products, we periodically experience difficulties in achieving acceptable yields, particularly for new products. 
 
 Our end-user customers test our products once they assemble them into their products. The number of usable products that result from our subcontractor production process can fluctuate because of many factors, including: 

design errors 

defects in photomasks (which are used to print circuits on a wafer) 

minute impurities and variations in materials used 

contamination of the manufacturing environment 

equipment failure or variations in the manufacturing processes 

losses from broken wafers or other human error and, 

defects in substrates and packaging. 

Although our supply chain partners and our engineering and quality groups constantly seek to improve our manufacturing yields, such efforts may encounter significant barriers to success resulting in less-than-optimal yields or losses that would directly impact profits and increase costs and lower cash flows. For example, costs of product defects and deviations from required specifications include the following: 

disposal of inventory or financial write-offs of inventory 

accepting returns of products 

providing product replacements at no charge 

reimbursement of direct and indirect costs incurred by our customers in recalling or reworking their products due to defects in our products 

travel and personnel costs to investigate potential product quality issues and to identify or confirm the failure mechanism or root cause of product defects and, 

defending against litigation. 

18

Table of Contents 

These issues could negatively impact our market position and reputation with customers, resulting in long-term harm to our business and financial results. 
 
 We are subject to inventory risks and costs because we build our products based on anticipated customer orders and forecasts often before receiving purchase orders for the products. 
 
 To ensure the availability of our products for some of our largest end-user customers, we start manufacturing certain products in advance of receiving purchase orders based on forecasts provided by these customers. However, these forecasts do not represent binding purchase commitments, and we do not recognize sales for these products until they are shipped to our customers. As a result, we incur significant inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated sales. Because demand for our products may not materialize or may be lower than expected, manufacturing based on forecasts subjects us to heightened risks of higher inventory carrying costs, increased obsolescence, and higher operating costs. In addition, if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory, which would negatively impact our gross margin and other operating results. 
 
 We operate in a very competitive industry and must continue to innovate. 
 
 We compete with several companies primarily to design, manufacture, and sell RF solutions and discrete integrated circuits and modules. Increased competition from any source could adversely affect our operating results through lower prices for our products, reduced demand for our products, losses of existing design slots with critical customers, and a corresponding reduction in our ability to recover development, engineering, and manufacturing costs. 
 
 Many of our existing and potential competitors have entrenched market positions, historical affiliations with OEMs, considerable internal manufacturing capacity, established IP rights, and substantial technological capabilities. The semiconductor industry has experienced increased industry consolidation over the last several years, a trend we expect to continue. Many of our existing and potential competitors may have more significant financial, technical, manufacturing, or marketing resources than we do. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will compete successfully with our competitors. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in interest rates, pricing of certain precious metals, utility rates, and foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 
 
 Any of these macro conditions could negatively impact our supply chain partners and the industry as a whole, which could materially decrease our profits and cash flow. 
 
 To compete, we must attract, retain, and motivate key employees, and our failure to do so could harm our business and our results of operations. 
 
 We must hire and retain qualified employees, develop leaders for essential business functions, and train and motivate our employees. Our future operating results and success depend on keeping critical technical personnel and management and expanding our sales and marketing, R D, finance, and administration personnel. We do not have employment agreements with the vast majority of our employees. 

19

Table of Contents 

We must attract qualified personnel. The competition for qualified personnel is intense, especially considering the size of our organization, which must compete with much larger companies for top talent. The number of people with experience, particularly in RF engineering, software engineering, integrated circuit design, and technical marketing and support, is limited. In addition, existing or new immigration laws, policies, or regulations in the U.S. may limit the pool of available talent. For example, travel bans, difficulties obtaining visas, and other restrictions on international travel could make it more challenging to manage our international operations effectively, operate as a global company, or service our international customer base. Changes in the interpretation and application of employment-related laws to our workforce practices may also result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in meeting our changing workforce needs. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain skilled personnel in the future, which could harm our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities, occupy a considerable amount of our management s time and attention, and damage our reputation. 
 
 We may, from time to time, be a party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We will evaluate these claims and proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. For example, our manufacturers failure to successfully manufacture products that conform to our design specifications and the U.S. Federal Communications Commission's ("FCC") strict regulatory requirements may lead to product defects and substantial costs to repair or replace these parts or materials, significantly impacting our ability to develop and implement our technology and improve our products performance. In addition, claims made or threatened by our suppliers, distributors, end-user customers, competitors, or current or former employees could adversely affect our relationships, damage our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The costs associated with defending legal claims and paying damages could be substantial. Our reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. 
 
 We may establish reserves as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates under our accounting policies in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We base our assessments, estimates, and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. Actual settlements, verdicts, or resolutions of these claims or proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. For example, a successful claim against us that is not covered by insurance or over our available insurance limits could require us to make significant damages payments and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 We may become subject to warranty claims, product recalls, and product liability claims that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may become subject to warranty claims, product recalls, and product liability claims that could lead to significant expenses. In addition, although we maintain reserves for reasonably estimable liabilities and purchase product liability insurance , we may elect to self-insure concerning some issues, and our reserves may be inadequate to cover the uninsured portion of such claims. 
 
 Product liability insurance is subject to significant deductibles, and such insurance may be unavailable or inadequate to protect against all claims. If one of our end-user customers recalls a product containing one of our devices, we may incur material costs and expenses, including replacement costs, direct and indirect product recall-related costs, diversion of technical and other resources, and reputational harm. Our customer contracts typically contain warranty and indemnification provisions, and in some instances, may also have liquidated damages provisions relating to product quality issues. The potential liabilities associated with such provisions are significant, and in some cases, are included in agreements with some of our largest end customers. Any such liabilities may significantly exceed any revenue we receive from the sale of the relevant products. Costs, payments, or damages incurred or paid by us in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and the results of operations. 

20

Table of Contents 

We are subject to risks associated with environmental, health, and safety regulations and climate change. 
 
 We are subject to many U.S. and foreign environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations include those related to the use, transportation, storage, handling, emission, discharge, and recycling or disposal of hazardous materials. Our failure to comply with any of these existing or future laws or regulations could result in: 

regulatory penalties and fines 

legal liabilities, including financial responsibility for remedial measures if our properties are contaminated 

expenses to secure required permits and governmental approvals 

reputational damage and, 

suspension or curtailment of third-party manufacturing, assembly, and test processes. 

Existing and future environmental laws and regulations could also impact our product designs and limit or restrict the materials or components included in our products. 
 
 New climate change laws and regulations could require changes to manufacturing processes and increase our costs. In addition, new restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions or other greenhouse gases could result in increased costs for us and our suppliers. Various jurisdictions are developing different climate change-based regulations that may increase expenses and adversely affect our operating results. We expect increased worldwide regulatory activity relating to climate change in the future. Future compliance with these laws and regulations may adversely affect our business and the results of operations. 
 
 Impact of Product Demand on our Business 
 
 Our revenue, earnings, margins, and other operating results have fluctuated significantly and may fluctuate considerably in the future. If demand for our products weakens as a result of economic conditions or for other reasons, our revenue and profitability will be impacted. Our future operating results will depend on many factors, including business, political and macroeconomic changes such as trade restrictions and recession or slowing growth in the semiconductor industry and the overall global economy. 
 
 If demand for our products slows, our financial and operating results will be negatively impacted, thus impeding our ability to fund future product development efforts and, in extreme cases, negatively impacting our ability to finance normal operations without acquiring funds through credit or equity raises. 
 
 In addition, if our end customers experience spikes in demand far more than anticipated, our ability to respond effectively to such demand might be impacted. This type of demand surge could negatively impact cash flow (e.g., supply chain inventory requirements) in the short term and potential loss of credibility with the industry in the long term if we do not meet demands reasonably. 
 
 We are subject to high degrees of product demand variability. Even if we achieve a design win, our customers can delay or cancel a program without advanced warning, creating risk for inventory obsolescence, ineffective use of cash, and resources channeled to less-than-optimal business opportunities. The loss of a design win and failure to add new design wins to replace lost revenue and weakened customer demand would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and the results of operations. 

21

Table of Contents 

We rely on our intellectual property portfolio and may not be able to successfully protect against the use of our intellectual property by third parties. 
 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that patents will be issued from any pending applications or that patents will be issued in all countries where we can sell our products. Further, we cannot be sure that any claims allowed from pending applications will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection against our competitors. Our competitors may also be able to design around our patents. 
 
 The laws of some countries in which we develop, manufacture, or sell our products may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. This risk increases the possibility of misappropriation or infringement of our technology and products. Although we intend to defend our intellectual property rights vigorously, we may not be able to prevent the misappropriation of our technology. Additionally, our competitors may independently develop non-infringing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. 
 
 We may need to engage in legal actions to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights. Generally, intellectual property litigation is both expensive and unpredictable. Our involvement in intellectual property litigation could divert the attention of our management and technical personnel and have a material, adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our operating results may be adversely affected if third parties claim that our products infringed their patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights. Such assertions could lead to expensive and unpredictable litigation, diverting the attention of management and technical personnel. An unsuccessful result in such litigation could adversely affect our business, including injunctions, exclusion orders, and royalty payments to third parties. In addition, if one of our customers or a supplier to one of our customers is found to have infringed on third-party intellectual property rights, such a finding could adversely affect the demand for our products. 
 
 If our products contribute to a data security breach, we may lose current or future customers, our reputation and business may be harmed, and we may incur liabilities. 
 
 Our end-user customers use our products in a wide variety of ways. Although we do not control security features surrounding the use of our products by our end-user customers, our end-user customers security measures may not detect or prevent hacker interceptions, break-ins, security breaches, the introduction of viruses or malicious code, such as ransomware, and other disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information transmitted through an electronic pathway using our products. In addition, cyber-attacks and other malicious Internet-based activity continue to increase generally. They may be directed at either the electronic transmission pathway within which our end-user customers use our products or even our own our corporate information technology software and infrastructure. 
 
 Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, exploit vulnerabilities, or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, patch vulnerabilities, or implement adequate preventative measures as we research and develop our products. In addition, certain of our end-user customers may have a greater sensitivity to security defects or breaches in electronic pathways using our products. As a result, any actual or perceived security breach or theft of the business-critical data of one or more of our end-user customers, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to the electronic transmission through one of our products, may adversely affect the market s perception of our products. There can be no assurance that limitation of liability, indemnification, or other protective provisions in our contracts would be applicable, enforceable, or adequate in connection with a security breach, or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages concerning any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. As a result, one or more large claims may be asserted against us that exceed our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies may occur, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements. Furthermore, because some of our employees and third-party service provider personnel have shifted to some degree of remote work due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to safeguard our own systems may be adversely impacted, and we may be more susceptible to data security breaches. 

22

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, a party that can circumvent security measures or exploit any vulnerabilities in end-user customer systems using our products could misappropriate our end-user customers proprietary or confidential information, cause an interruption in their operations, damage or misuse their computer systems, misuse any information that they misappropriate, cause termination of our sales with those end-user customers, subject us to notification and indemnity obligations, litigation, and regulatory investigation or governmental sanctions, cause us to lose existing customers, and harm our ability to attract future customers. Any such breach could cause harm to our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations, and we may incur significant liability. As a result, our business and financial position may be harmed. 
 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 We rely on trade secrets, technical know-how, and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our product development and manufacturing activities to provide us with competitive advantages. We protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, strategic partners, and other third parties. We also design our computer systems and networks and implement various procedures to restrict unauthorized access to the dissemination of our proprietary information. 
 
 We face internal and external data security threats. For example, current, departing, or former employees or third parties could attempt to improperly use or access our computer systems and networks to copy, obtain, or misappropriate our proprietary information or otherwise interrupt our business. Like others, we are also subject to significant system or network disruptions from numerous causes, including computer viruses and other cyber-attacks, facility access issues, new system implementations, and energy blackouts. 
 
 Security breaches, computer malware, phishing, spoofing, and other cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. While we defend against these threats daily, we do not believe that such attacks have caused us any material damage to date. Because the techniques used by computer hackers and others to access or sabotage networks constantly evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate, counter, or ameliorate all these techniques. As a result, our and our customers proprietary information may be misappropriated, and we cannot predict the impact of any future incident. Any loss of such information could harm our competitive position, result in a loss of customer confidence in the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures, cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages caused by the incident, and divert management and other resources. We routinely implement improvements to our network security safeguards, and we are devoting increasing resources to the security of our information technology systems. However, we cannot assure you that such system improvements will be sufficient to prevent or limit damage from future cyber-attacks or network disruptions. 
 
 The costs related to cyber-attacks or other security threats, or computer systems disruptions typically would not be fully insured or indemnified by others. As a result, the occurrence of any of the events described above could result in the loss of competitive advantages derived from our R D efforts or our IP. Moreover, these events may result in the early obsolescence of our products, product development delays, or diversion of the attention of management and critical information technology and other resources, or otherwise, adversely affect our internal operations and reputation or degrade our financial results and stock price. 
 
 Our sales have been concentrated in a small number of end-user customers. 
 
 Our revenues have been concentrated in a relatively small number of large end-user customers, and we have historically derived a significant percentage of our total product revenues from a few end-user customers. For fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, our five largest end-user customers accounted for approximately 59 and 67 of our total product revenues, respectively. If one of our large end-user customers ceases or significantly reduces its product orders from us, or if we fail to generate additional product sales with these or similarly significant end-user customers, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

23

Table of Contents 

We expect that we will continue to depend upon a relatively small number of end-user customers for a significant portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Therefore, the loss of any of these end-user customers or industry sector groups of end-user customers for any reason or a change of relationship with any of our key end-user customers could cause a material decrease in our total revenues. 
 
 Additionally, mergers or consolidations among our end-user customers could reduce the number of our end-user customers and could adversely affect our revenues and sales. In particular, if our end-user customers are acquired by entities that are not also our end-user customers, that do not use our products or purchase products from one of our competitors, and choose to discontinue, reduce or change the volume of product purchases from us, our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on many technology providers, and if we cannot source solutions from them, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 Our product design and development processes incorporate multiple software components obtained from licensors on a non-exclusive basis. Our license agreements can be terminated for cause. In many cases, these license agreements specify a limited term and are only renewable beyond that term with the licensor s consent. If a licensor terminates a license agreement for cause, objects to its renewal or conditions renewal on modified terms and conditions, we may be unable to obtain licenses for equivalent software components on reasonable terms and conditions, including licensing fees, warranties, or protection from infringement claims. In addition, some licensors may discontinue licensing their software to us or support the software version used in our product design and development processes. In such circumstances, we may need to redesign our processes with substantial cost and time investment to incorporate alternative software components or be subject to higher technology costs. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect the cost and efficiency of our product research and development. 

24

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products. 
 
 The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and changing industry standards. To maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to our end-user customers technological advances and technological requirements. Our future success will depend on our ability to: enhance our current products; introduce new products to keep pace with products offered by our competitors; increase the performance of our internal systems, particularly our research and development systems that meet our end-user customers changing requirements; and adapt to technological advancements and changing industry and regulatory standards. We continue to make significant investments in the research and development of new products. If our products become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost, and innovation relative to our competitors. In addition, the failure to achieve product performance requirements of our new and existing end-user customers and sustain good customer satisfaction may adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 
 Any failure to offer high-quality customer support for our products may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and harm our financial results. 
 
 Once our products are sold, our customers use our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our products. In addition, we also believe that our success in selling our products is highly dependent on our business reputation and favorable recommendations from our existing customers. Therefore, any failure to maintain high-quality customer support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to maintain existing customers or sell our products to existing and prospective customers, and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 If we cannot attract and retain key personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 
 We must attract and retain highly qualified personnel to execute our business strategy. If any of our key employees were to leave, we could face substantial difficulty hiring qualified successors. We could experience a loss in productivity while any successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Although we have arrangements with some of our executive officers designed to promote retention, our employment relationships are generally at-will, and we have had key employees leave in the past. We cannot assure you that one or more key employees will not leave in the future. In particular, we compete with many other companies for semiconductor developers and other skilled engineering, marketing, sales, and operations professionals, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the professionals we need. We have, from time to time in the past, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and difficulty in retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In particular, we have experienced a competitive hiring environment in the Greater Triad Area, where we are headquartered in North Carolina. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we do. In addition, in making employment decisions, job candidates often consider the value of the equity incentives they are to receive in connection with their employment. If we and our third-party service providers experience difficulty recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, our business may be adversely affected. If the price of our stock declines or experiences significant volatility, our ability to attract or retain key employees will be adversely affected. We intend to continue to hire additional highly qualified personnel, including research and development and operational personnel. Still, we may not be able to attract, assimilate, or retain qualified personnel in the future. Any failure to attract, integrate, motivate, and retain these employees could harm our business. 
 
 Our revenues and operating results have fluctuated and are likely to continue to fluctuate, making our quarterly results difficult to predict, which may cause us to miss analyst expectations and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Our operating results have been and may continue to be difficult to predict, even in the near term, and are likely to fluctuate due to various factors, many of which are outside of our control. 

25

Table of Contents 

Comparisons of our revenues and operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results to indicate our future performance. Each of the following factors, among others, could cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter: 
 
 the financial health of our customers; 
 occurrence of technological advances and potential effects on our business and operations; 
 market acceptance and adoption of our products; 
 changes in the regulatory environment affecting our customers; 
 our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations; 
 our ability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses, technologies, or assets; 
 the announcement of new significant contracts or customer relationships; 
 the procurement cycles of our customers and the length of our sales cycles; 
 changes in end-user customer integration of our products into their business needs; 
 variations in the number of new customers booked in a prior quarter, but not delivered until later quarters; 
 our mix of products and royalty revenues; 
 new competitive product launches by our end-user customers that negatively impact sales or our sales cycle; 
 pricing, including discounts by us or our competitors; 
 our ability to successfully sell our products in a timely manner; 
 our ability to forecast demand and manage lead times for the recruitment and training of required personnel; 
 our ability to develop and introduce new products and features to existing products that achieve market acceptance; 
 the announcement of a new product, which may cause sales cycles to lengthen; 
 federal or state government shutdowns; and, 
 future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting policies. 
 
 If we fail to offer high-quality products and support for any of our products, our operating results and our ability to sell those products in the future will be harmed. 
 
 Our ability to sell our products depends on our product support team providing high-quality support. Once our products are integrated into an end-user customer s planned use, the end-user customer typically depends on our product support team to help resolve technical issues, if they develop, and assist in optimizing the use of our products. If we do not effectively assist our end-user customers in integrating our products, succeed in helping our end-user customers quickly resolve technical and other post-integration issues, or provide effective ongoing support services, our ability to expand the use of our products within existing end-user customers and to sell our products to new customers will be harmed. If integration of our products is deemed unsatisfactory, we may incur significant costs to attain and sustain end-user customer satisfaction or, in extreme cases, our end-user customers may choose not to use our products. In addition, as we hire new engineering personnel, we may inadvertently hire underperforming people who will have to be replaced, or fail to effectively train such employees, leading in some instances to slower growth, additional costs, and poor customer relations. 

26

Table of Contents 

As we continue to pursue opportunities for larger sales volumes that have greater technical complexity or involve the integration of our untested products, we may experience a more extended time for our products to be integrated. As a result, our product sales revenue may be delayed. Additionally, as we enter agreements with new and existing customers for larger and more complex sales, we have been, and may continue to be, required to agree to end-user customer acceptance and cancellation clauses. With acceptance clauses, delays may occur in obtaining end-user customer acceptance regardless of the quality of our products and may cause us to defer revenue recognition where such acceptance provisions are substantive in nature, or they may require us to incur additional costs to obtain such end-user customer acceptance. Cancellation clauses may result in a customer canceling an order for products, impacting our revenues. 
 
 Our sales cycles can be lengthy, and it is difficult for us to predict when or if sales will occur. 
 
 Our sales efforts are often targeted at larger end-user customers and distributors. As a result, we face higher costs, must devote greater sales support to individual customers, have longer sales cycles, and have less predictability in completing some of our sales. Also, sales to large end-user customers and distributors often require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our products. Our sales cycle length could be 12 to 24 months, depending on the end-user customer s industry base and economic factors beyond our control, as measured from the point of initial contact with a potential customer to the time a purchase order is signed. 
 
 We believe that our customers view the purchase of our products as a significant and strategic decision. As a result, customers carefully evaluate our products, often over long periods with various internal constituencies. In addition, the sales of our products may be subject to delays if the customer has lengthy internal budgeting, integration, and approval and evaluation processes. As a result, it is difficult to predict the timing of our future sales. 
 
 We depend on our management team and our key sales and development, and engineering personnel. The loss of one or more key employees or groups could harm our business and prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner. 
 
 Our success depends on our executive officers expertise, efficacy, and continued services. We have, in the past, and may in the future, continue to experience changes in our executive management team resulting from the departure of executives or subsequent hiring of new executives, which may be disruptive to our business. Any changes in business strategies or leadership can create uncertainty, may negatively impact our ability to execute our business strategy quickly and effectively, and ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition, the impact of hiring new executives may not be immediately realized. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing research and development personnel because of their familiarity with the inherent complexities of our products. 
 
 Failure to adequately expand and train our direct sales force and distributors will impede our growth. 
 
 We rely almost exclusively on our direct sales force and distributors to sell our products. We believe that our future growth will depend significantly on the continued development of our direct sales force and distributor relationships and their ability to manage and retain our existing end-user customer base, expand the sales of our products to existing end-user customers, and obtain new end-user customers. Because our products are complex and often must interoperate with complex technological functionality, it can take longer for our sales personnel and distributors to become fully productive. Therefore, our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues in the future will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training, and retaining a sufficient number of direct sales personnel and growing our distributor base. New hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take considerable time before becoming fully productive, if at all. If we are unable to hire and develop sufficient numbers of productive direct sales personnel, and if these sales personnel are unable to achieve full productivity, sales of our products will suffer, and our growth will be impeded. 
 
 If we fail to increase market awareness of our brand and products, expand our sales and marketing operations, improve our sales execution, and increase our sales channels, our business could be harmed. 
 
 We intend to continue to add personnel and resources in sales and marketing as we focus on expanding awareness of our brand and products and capitalize on sales opportunities with new and existing customers. Our efforts to improve sales of our products will increase our sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expense, and these efforts may not be successful. Some newly hired sales and marketing personnel may become unproductive and have to be replaced, resulting in operational and sales delays and incremental costs. If we cannot significantly increase the awareness of our brand and products or effectively manage the costs associated with these efforts, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be harmed. 

27

Table of Contents 

We must improve our sales execution to, among other things, increase the number of our sales opportunities and grow our revenues. We must enhance the market awareness of our products, expand our relationships with our distributor partners, and create new distributor partnerships to increase our revenues. Further, we must continue to develop our relationships with new and existing end-user customers and distributor partners and create additional sales opportunities to effectively and efficiently extend our geographic reach and market penetration. Our efforts to improve our sales execution could result in a material increase in our sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expense. There can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful. Further, as we increase our efforts to target additional industry bases and leverage distributor partnerships to drive sales, we may be unable to tailor our sales efforts to these strategies. If we are unable to improve our sales execution significantly, increase the awareness of our products, create additional sales opportunities, expand our relationships with distributor partners, leverage our relationship with existing distributor partners, or effectively manage the costs associated with these efforts, our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our revenues are dependent on our ability to maintain and expand existing customer relationships and our ability to attract new customers. 
 
 The continued growth of our revenues depends partly on our ability to expand the use of our products by existing end-user customers and attract new customers. Our customers have no obligation to repeat purchases from us, and there can be no assurance that they will do so. We have had in the past, and may in the future, end-user customers discontinue using some of our products, which may impact such end-user customers decisions to continue to use any of our products. 
 
 If we cannot expand our end-user customers use of our products, maintain our repeat customer purchase rates and expand our customer base, our revenues may decline or fail to increase at historical growth rates, adversely affecting our business and operating results. In addition, if our customers experience dissatisfaction with our products in the future, we may find it more difficult to increase the use of our products within our existing end-user customer base, and it may be more difficult to attract new customers, or we may be required to grant credits or refunds, any of which could negatively impact our operating results and materially harm our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods, and other natural catastrophic events and interruption by man-made problems such as power disruptions or terrorism. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in the Greensboro, North Carolina area. Most of our third-party service providers are located in South Asia, a region known to suffer terrorism and natural disasters, including floods, typhoons, droughts, epidemics, or contagious diseases. A significant natural disaster, such as a fire or a flood, epidemic, or contagious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, occurring at our headquarters or where our third-party service providers are located, could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our business, the businesses of our customers and suppliers, or the economy as a whole. We also rely on information technology systems to communicate among our workforce, which is coordinated within our corporate headquarters in Greensboro, North Carolina. Any disruption to our internal communications, whether caused by a natural disaster, an epidemic or contagious disease, or by man-made problems, such as power disruptions, in the Greensboro, North Carolina area, Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore, the Philippines, or where any of our customers are located could delay our research and development efforts, or cause delays or cancellations of customer orders. 
 
 Our use of open-source and non-commercial software components could impose risks and limitations on our ability to commercialize our products. 
 
 Our product development utilizes software modules licensed under open source and other types of non-commercial licenses. We also may incorporate open source and other licensed software into our product development in the future. However, the use and distribution of such software may entail more significant risks than third-party commercial software, as licenses of these types generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, some of these licenses require the release of our proprietary source code to the public if we combine our proprietary product development software with open-source software in certain manners. This could allow competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately lose sales for us. 
 
 The terms of many open sources and other non-commercial licenses have not been judicially interpreted, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. In such event, to continue offering our products, we could be required to seek licenses from alternative licensors, which may not be available on a commercially reasonable basis or at all, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event we cannot obtain a license or re-engineer our products on a timely basis, any of which could harm our business and operating results. In addition, if an owner of licensed software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the corresponding license agreement, we could incur significant legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations. If such claims were successful, we could be subject to substantial damages, be required to disclose our source code, or be enjoined from the distribution of our products. 

28

Table of Contents 

Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported operating results and financial condition and could affect the reporting of transactions already completed before the announcement of a change. 
 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying v alues of assets, liabilities, and equity and the amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve deferred income tax valuation allowances, the valuation of the share-based awards, an d determining our common stock s fair value. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Relations between the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and Taiwan could negatively affect our business and financial status and, therefore, the market value of your investment. 
 
 Taiwan has a unique international political status. The PRC does not recognize the sovereignty of Taiwan. Although significant economic and cultural relations have been established in recent years between Taiwan and the PRC, relations have often been strained. The government of the PRC has threatened to use military force to gain control over Taiwan in limited circumstances. A substantial portion of our manufacturing and packaging providers are located in Taiwan, and a material amount of our revenues are derived from the sales of our products manufactured and packaged in Taiwan. Therefore, factors affecting military, political, or economic conditions in Taiwan could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 A significant disruption in the operations of our manufacturing and packaging service providers in Taiwan, such as a trade war or political unrest, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and the results of operations. 
 
 Any disruption in the operations of our service providers in Taiwan or in their ability to meet our needs, whether as a result of a natural disaster or other causes, could impair our ability to operate our business on a day-to-day basis. Furthermore, since many of these third parties are located outside the U.S., we are exposed to the possibility of disruption and increased costs in the event of changes in the policies of the U.S. or foreign governments, political unrest, or unstable economic conditions in any of the countries where we conduct such activities. For example, a trade war could lead to higher tariffs. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect our product sales and shipment timelines, business, and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Requirements 
 
 Government regulation may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The effects of regulation may materially and adversely impact our business. For example, the FCC s regulatory policies relating to radio frequency emissions, consumer protection laws of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, product safety regulatory activities of the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission, and environmental regulatory actions of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency could impede sales of our products in the United States. In addition, our customers and we are also subject to various import and export laws and regulations. Should we fail to comply with these regulations, we may be unable to produce and deliver these products to specific customers, and we may become subject to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. 

29

Table of Contents 

Our business is also increasingly subject to complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including but not limited to anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA and equivalent laws in other jurisdictions, antitrust or competition laws, and data privacy laws, among others. In addition, foreign governments may impose tariffs, duties, and other import restrictions on components we obtain from non-domestic suppliers and export restrictions on products that we sell internationally. These tariffs, duties, or restrictions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and the results of operations. 
 
 New or revised environmental rules and regulations or other social initiatives could also impact our product or manufacturing standards. Those rules, or similar rules adopted in other jurisdictions, could adversely affect our costs, the availability of minerals used in our products, and our relationships with customers and suppliers. 
 
 We may incur substantial expenses related to regulatory requirements, and any regulatory compliance failure could cause our business to suffer. 
 
 The wireless communications industry is subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and reviews. Maintaining compliance with these requirements may result in significant additional expense to us, and any failure to maintain such compliance could cause our business to suffer. 
 
 Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could also subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. An adverse outcome in such litigation could require paying contractual damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees, and other costs. These enforcement actions could harm our business, financial condition, and the results of operations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and increased professional fees. 
 
 We are subject to risks from international sales and operations. 
 
 We operate globally with sales personnel in multiple countries, and some of our business activities are concentrated in Asia. As a result, we are subject to regulatory, geopolitical, and other risks associated with doing business outside the U.S., including: 

global and local economic, social and political conditions and uncertainty 

currency controls and fluctuations 

formal or informal imposition of export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions, tariffs, and other related restrictions 

labor market conditions and workers rights affecting our manufacturing operations or those of our customers or suppliers 

disruptions in capital and securities and commodities trading markets 

occurrences of geopolitical crises such as terrorist activity, armed conflict, civil or military unrest or political instability, which may disrupt manufacturing, assembly, logistics, security, and communications and result in reduced demand for our products 

compliance with laws and regulations that differ among jurisdictions, including those covering taxes, intellectual property ownership and infringement, imports and exports, anti-corruption and anti-bribery, antitrust and competition, data privacy, and environment, health, and safety and, 

pandemics and similar major health concerns, including COVID-19, could adversely affect our business and customer order patterns. 

Sales to customers located outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 56 of our revenue in 2022. We expect that revenue from international sales will continue to be a significant part of our total revenue. Any weakness in these economies could decrease demand for products that contain our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business. The imposition by the U.S. of tariffs on goods imported from China and potentially other countries, countermeasures imposed by China in response, U.S. export restrictions on sales of products to China, and other government actions that restrict or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell our products to Chinese customers may have a material impact on our business, including our ability to sell products and to manufacture or source components. 

30

Table of Contents 

As a company with significant sales outside of the U.S., our results may be affected by movements in currency exchange rates as we grow our sales network. In addition, our exposure may increase or decrease over time as our foreign business levels fluctuate in the countries where we may have sales or operations. These changes could have a material impact on our financial results. The functional currency for our current operations and international sales is the U.S. dollar however, that may expand to other currencies as we grow. 
 
 Economic regulation in China and other countries where we sell products could adversely impact our business and the results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of our potential customer base is located in China and other countries outside of the U.S. For many years, the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid growth and wide fluctuations in inflation. In response to these factors, the Chinese government has, from time to time, adopted measures to regulate growth and contain inflation, including currency controls and measures designed to restrict credit, control prices, or set currency exchange rates. Such actions in the future, as well as other changes in Chinese or other non-U.S. laws and regulations, including efforts in furtherance of reducing dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturers, could increase the cost of doing business in other countries, foster the emergence of foreign competitors, decrease the demand for our products in those countries, or reduce the supply of necessary materials for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and export restrictions, have limited and could continue to limit our ability to sell or provide our products and other items to specific end-user customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and the results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. and foreign governments have taken and may continue to take administrative, legislative, or regulatory action that could materially interfere with our ability to export, re-export, and transfer products and other items in certain countries, particularly in China. For example, the imposition of tariffs has not had a direct, material adverse impact on our business however, the direct and indirect effects of tariffs and other restrictive trade actions are difficult to measure and are only one part of economic and trade policy. 
 
 Furthermore, we have experienced and may continue to experience restrictions on our ability to export, re-export, and transfer our products and other items to specific foreign customers and suppliers where exports, re-exports, or transfers of products require export licenses or are prohibited by government action. 
 
 Even if such restrictions are lifted, any financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed on our customers could have a continuing negative impact on our future revenue and results of operations. In addition, other foreign end-user customers or suppliers affected by future U.S. government sanctions or threats of sanctions may respond by developing new solutions to replace our products or by adopting our foreign competitors solutions. 
 
 We cannot predict what further actions may ultimately be taken concerning tariffs or other trade measures between the U.S. and China or other countries, what products or entities may be subject to such actions, or what steps may be taken by other countries in response. The loss of foreign customers or suppliers or the imposition of restrictions on our ability to sell or transfer products to such customers or suppliers due to tariffs, export restrictions, or other U.S. regulatory actions could materially and adversely affect our sales and business and the results of operations. 

Our business could 
 be affected by sanctions and export controls targeting Russia and other responses to Russia 
 s invasion of Ukraine. 

The Russia-Ukraine conflict may adversely affect Guerrilla RF s business. Currently, we do not have any supply chain partners located in Russia or Ukraine. Nor do we have any pending product sales or product shipments to Russian customers or, to our knowledge, any entities listed on the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List
 dated December 15, 2022. However, the related sanctions and other measures imposed by the European Union, the U.S., and other countries and organizations in response have led and may continue to lead, to disruption and instability in global markets, supply chains, and industries that could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have taken steps to ensure our export control processes and controls observe enacted and evolving export sanctions imposed upon Russia, Belarus, and all restricted entities that have been identified by the United States government. Nevertheless, if we inadvertently make any product sales or shipments to Russian customers or any sanctioned entities, such non-compliance may have a material effect on our financial condition or operations.

Due to the unknown evolution of sanctions and export controls targeting the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and its ability to purchase and manufacture certain semiconductor chips, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 On October 7, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS") announced a series of regulations issued as an interim final rule amending the Export Administration Regulations to enhance export controls on a range of goods, software, and technology and restrict the PRC s ability to purchase and manufacture advanced computing chips. The regulations imposed new controls on items relating to advanced computer and semiconductor manufacturing capabilities, broadened end-use restrictions, expanded the scope of foreign-produced items subject to licensing requirements, and added to Entity List prohibitions. We do not anticipate these regulations will have a material effect on our financial condition or operations. The production of our high-performance MMICs is not reliant on any manufacturing in the PRC, or, to our knowledge, on any companies that are owned by the PRC or Chinese investors. In 2022, we received only four percent of all our sales from customers located within the PRC. RF semiconductors, such as what we design and produce, are not currently covered under the BIS restrictions. We have taken steps to ensure our export control processes and controls observe enacted and evolving export sanctions imposed upon the PRC and all restricted entities that have been identified by the United States government. Nevertheless, if we inadvertently make any product sales or shipments to any sanctioned entities, such non-compliance may have a material effect on our financial condition or operations. 

31

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse of personal data by or about our employees, customers, or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we have access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information regarding our employees and others that is subject to privacy and security laws and regulations. Therefore, the theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business, or by our third-party service providers, including business process software applications providers and other vendors that have access to sensitive data, could result in damage to our reputation, disruption of our business activities, significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. 
 
 Global and domestic privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which requires companies to comply with rules regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection, and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. Failure to meet GDPR requirements could result in penalties of up to 4 of worldwide revenue. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere are often uncertain and fluid and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. As a result, complying with these changing laws has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur substantial costs, which could harm our business and the results of operations. Further, failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged non-compliant activity. Finally, even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, State, or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in audits, regulatory inquiries, or proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. 
 
 The semiconductor industry is heavily regulated. Therefore, any material changes in the political, economic, or regulatory semiconductor environment that affect the purchasing business or the purchasing practices and operations of organizations that utilize semiconductor industry products, or that lead to consolidation in our end-user customer industries, could require us to modify our products available to customers for purchase. 
 
 Our ability to grow will depend upon the economic environment of our end-user customer industries and our ability to increase the number of products that we sell to our customers. Our end-user customer industry bases often have different regulatory requirements, and they are subject to changing political, economic, and regulatory influences. As a result, changes in regulations affecting our end-user customers could require us to make unplanned modifications to our products, result in delays or cancellations of orders, or reduce demand for our products. 

32

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and could decline. 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our ability to meet our growth projections and expectations, quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry, trading volume in our common stock, changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting our business and the business of others in our industry. In addition, the stock market itself is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons related and unrelated to their operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock. The market price of shares of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control, including: 

the realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Annual Report; 

actual or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity, or financial condition; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

failure to comply with the requirements of the OTC Markets Group, or following our potential up listing on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange; 

failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations; 

changes to electronic communication and transmission laws governing the semiconductor industry; 

future issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases, of our common stock; 

publication of research reports about us, or the semiconductor industry generally; 

the performance and market valuations of other similar companies; 

broad disruptions in the financial markets, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

actual, potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; and, 

changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines. 

In the past, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their shares. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

33

Table of Contents 

Our common stock is quoted on an OTC Markets Group trading platform, the OTCQX, instead of a national exchange or quotation system. Accordingly, our investors may experience significant volatility in the market price of our stock and have difficulty selling their shares. 
 
 Our common stock is currently quoted on an OTC Markets Group trading platform, the OTCQX, under the ticker symbol GUER. The OTC Markets Group is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last sale prices, and volume limitations in over-the-counter securities. Trading in shares quoted on an OTC Markets Group trading platform is often thin and characterized by volatility in trading prices. This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence of consistent administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, lower trading volume, and market conditions. As a result, there may be wide fluctuations in the market price of the shares of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance, and this volatility, when it occurs, may have a negative effect on the market price for our securities. Moreover, the OTC Markets Group is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on one of its trading platforms is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a national quotation system or stock exchange. Accordingly, our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price from their shares when they determine to sell them or may have to hold them for a substantial period of time until the market for our common stock improves. 

34

Table of Contents 

Because we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 
 
 Because we did not become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our common stock, and because we are not listed on a national securities exchange, security analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our Company. In addition, investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they might if we became a public reporting company by means of an underwritten initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with our Company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development. The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for our shares could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop a liquid market for our common stock. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups ("JOBS") Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including: 

not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and Annual Report on Form 10-K; and, 

exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years. Our status as an emerging growth company will end as soon as any of the following takes place: 

the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenues; 

the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; 

the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or, 

the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of the first sale of our equity securities pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging growth companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the market price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this provision of the JOBS Act. As a result, we will not be subject to new or revised accounting standards at the same time as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Therefore, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

35

Table of Contents 

We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues are less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 
 We may face risks related to securities litigation that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards. 
 
 We may in the future become subject to claims and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could harm our business and require us to incur significant costs. Significant litigation costs could impact our ability to comply with certain financial covenants under our credit agreement. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and officers who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require significant attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs, or damage awards that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by current members of our Board of Directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions: 

establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; 

permit only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board; 

provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; 

require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws; 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 

eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

prohibit cumulative voting; and, 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

36

Table of Contents 

In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and State courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our restated bylaws will provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act Federal Forum Provision ). Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. While neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought in federal court. Thus, our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 
 
 In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 Our stock price and trading volume can be heavily influenced by the way analysts and investors interpret our financial information and other disclosures. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our business. If few securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our stock price could be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts downgrade our common stock or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock. 
 
 The designation of our common stock as penny stock would limit the liquidity of our common stock. 
 
 Our common stock may be deemed a penny stock (as that term is defined under Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act). Generally, a penny stock is a common stock that is not listed on a securities exchange and trades for less than 5.00 a share. Prices often are not available to buyers and sellers and the market may be very limited. Penny stock in start-up companies is among the riskiest equity investments. Broker-dealers who sell penny stock must provide purchasers with a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC. The document provides information about penny stock and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny stock market. A broker must also provide purchasers with bid and offer quotations and information regarding broker and salesperson compensation and make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser s written agreement to the purchase. Many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. If our common stock is deemed penny stock , because of penny stock rules, there may be less trading activity and stockholders are likely to have difficulty selling their shares. 

37

Table of Contents 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 
 
 Cash dividends have never been declared or paid on our common stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. Any future determination about the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, capital requirements, operating and financial conditions, contractual restrictions, including any loan or debt financing agreements, and on such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. In addition, we may enter into agreements in the future that could contain restrictions on payments of cash dividends. We expect to use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares of common stock. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 
 
 FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 
 
 The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock. 
 
 Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Pursuant to the registration rights agreement we entered into with certain holders of our common stock issued in connection with the private placement and the Merger or held by our pre-Merger stockholders, we have agreed, at our expense, and filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission registering the resale of up to 33,553,772 shares of our common stock. The registration statement, which was declared effective on February 11, 2022, permits the resale of these shares at any time for up to three years following the effective date of such registration statement. In connection with the Merger, holders of approximately 21,483,584 shares of our common stock agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to dispose of or hedge any shares of our common stock until the date 12 months after the first date on which our common stock was first quoted on the OTCQX market (the lock-up period ). Our common stock was first quoted on the OTCQX on May 13, 2022. The resale, or expected or potential resale, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market following the end of the lock-up period could adversely affect the market price for our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Sales of a substantial number of such shares upon expiration of the lock-up period, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause our market price to fall or make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our share price to fall. 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including research and development, increased marketing, hiring new personnel, commercializing our products, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our shareholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing shareholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing shareholders. 

38

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Greensboro, NC, where we lease in excess of 50,000 square feet. We moved into and took possession of our new corporate headquarters building in the first quarter of 2023. The lease term is 10 years and two months. We continue to lease our former headquarters building, comprising approximately 10,000 square feet of office space. The prior headquarters building lease agreement expires in 2024 subject to a right to early termination upon payment of an early termination fee. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. We may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business from time to time. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

39

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 MARKET INFORMATION AND HOLDERS OF RECORD 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX, an OTC Markets Group platform, under the trading symbol "GUER". 
 
 As of March 3, 2023, w e have 40, 550,624 shares of c ommon stock outstanding held by approximately 400 stockholders of record . 
 
 DIVIDEND POLICY 
 
 We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to maintain and expand our operations. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors in light of conditions then-existing, including factors such as our results of operations, financial condition, and requirements, business conditions, and covenants under any applicable contractual arrangements. 
 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table presents information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our common stock may be issued. 

Number of 

securities 

remaining 

available for 

Number of 

future issuance 

securities 

under equity 

to be issued 

Weighted 

compensation 

upon exercise of 

average exercise 

plans (excluding 

outstanding 

price of 

securities 

securities 

outstanding 

reflected in 

Plan Category 
 
 (#) 

options ) 

column(a)) (#) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

3,607,318 

0.59 

1,880,350 
 (2) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

3,607,318 

0.59 

1,880,350 

(1) 
 The 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan and the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, a total of 3,607,318 shares of our common stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding stock options under the 2014 Plan. No additional awards may be granted under our 2014 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we have reserved 1,880,350 shares of common stock under our 2021 Plan, plus any shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to stock options awarded under the 2014 Plan that expire or become unexercisable, i.e., such shares will generally become available for future awards under our 2021 Plan. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan increased automatically by 5 of issued and outstanding shares of common stock on January 1, 2023 to 3,743,712 and will continue to automatically increase annually on January 1 through January 1, 2030 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of 5 of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31, or such number as is determined by our Board of Directors. 

40

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Annual Report. You should review the disclosure under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Guerrilla RF is a fabless semiconductor company based in Greensboro, N.C. Guerrilla RF was founded in 2013 with a mission to employ RF semiconductor technology to deliver RF solutions to customers in underserved markets. Over the past several years, Guerrilla RF has become a leader in developing high-performance MMIC products for wireless connectivity. It continues to target underserved markets and customers, delivering a range of high-performance MMIC products and associated technical support to a diverse set of customers that enable a more connected world. Guerrilla RF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Guerrilla RF holds all material assets and conducts all business activities and operations of the Company. Accordingly, throughout this discussion and analysis, there are frequent references to Guerrilla RF. 
 
 Guerrilla RF possesses in-house design, applications, sales, and customer support functions as a fabless semiconductor company. We outsource the manufacture and production of our MMIC products to subcontractors located overseas, providing access to multiple semiconductor process technologies. Guerrilla RF s primary external wafer foundries are in Taiwan and Singapore, and our primary assembly and test suppliers are located in Malaysia and the Philippines. 

FISCAL 2022 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

Revenue for fiscal year 2022 increased 11 as compared to fiscal year 2021, driven primarily by higher royalties for our 5G wireless infrastructure products, and higher demand for our 5G infrastructure and catalog products for a wide variety of customer applications. Partially offsetting the increase in these product categories was a decline in our automotive product revenues caused by constraints that affected the global automotive industry, caused by supply chain disruptions and the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Gross profit for fiscal year 2022 was 58.3 of revenues as compared to 58.6 for fiscal year 2021. Although the Company has continued to experience supply chain price increases, we have been able to mitigate the effect of these increases by increasing the prices we charge our customers related to the raw materials and assembly/test cost increases we experienced. Product contribution margins increased from 68.4 to 71.2 , from 2021 to 2022, mostly due to these aforementioned price increases which outpaced corresponding cost increases. The higher product contribution margins were partially offset by higher overhead costs, on a comparative period basis, which increased due to headcount additions in our Quality group, as well as increased costs of production mask amortization. 
 
 Operating loss was 11.1 million for 2022 as compared to 3.7 million for 2021. This operating loss increase was primarily due to higher operating expenses relative to sales (154.0 in 2022 vs. 93.6 in 2021). Increased operating expenses were primarily attributable to increased investment in research and development (which grew 77 year over year), sales and marketing headcount additions, and additional costs associated with being a public company. Selling, general, and administrative costs increased year over year by 87.0 from 2021 to 2022. 

Net loss per share was 0.36 and 0.24 for fiscal year 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Purchases of property, plant and equipment were 0.4 million for fiscal year 2022 and 2021. The majority of capital expenditures for 2022 are related to capital additions for the Company's laboratory equipment and related facilities. 

41

Table of Contents 

COVID-19 Pandemic and Supply Chain Update 

The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as we experienced lower revenues due to a significant number of customers experiencing supply chain challenges. Consequently, we implemented cost-reduction actions across our functional disciplines to assist us in navigating through what continues to be an uncertain environment. We experienced increased sales during the first half of 2022, driven by rebounding volumes in markets recovering from supply chain difficulties that impacted the timing of our customers' orders of our products; however, lingering supply chain disruptions through the end of 2022 negatively impacted customer order patterns, resulting in reduced sales growth.

Our management team has, and will likely continue, to spend time, attention, and resources monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and seeking to manage its effects on the supply chain, our business, and our workforce. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the supply chain may impact our business will depend on future developments, which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.

Merger Agreement an Associated Private Placement Offering 
 
 On October 22, 2021, the Company (formerly known as Laffin Acquisition Corp.), Guerrilla RF Acquisition Corp., and Guerrilla RF entered into a merger agreement (the 'Merger Agreement') pursuant to which Guerrilla RF Acquisition Corp. merged with and into Guerrilla RF, with Guerrilla RF continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 As a result of the Merger, on October 22, 2021, the Company acquired the business of Guerrilla RF, a fabless semiconductor company based in Greensboro, N.C. See Description of Business . At the effective time, October 22, 2021, each of Guerrilla RF s shares of capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was converted into the right to receive approximately 2.95 shares of the Company's common stock. Immediately prior to the effective time, an aggregate of 2,025,000 shares of common stock owned by the original stockholders of the Company were forfeited and cancelled, leaving only 2,975,000 shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, options to purchase 1,065,067 shares of Guerrilla RF s common stock under the 2014 Plan were assumed by the Company and converted into options to purchase 3,146,366 shares of the Company's common stock. 
 
 Following the Merger, we sold 5,766,550 shares of our common stock pursuant to a private placement offering at a price of 2.00 per share. Also in connection with the private placement, the placement agent and its affiliates received 275,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 331,580 shares at an exercise price of 2.00 per share and a term of five years. 
 
 Market Qualification 
 
 In May 2022, the Company's common stock qualified to trade on the OTCQX market (OTCQX: GUER). 
 
 Ongoing Funding of Operations 
 
 As an emerging growth company in its early stages of market penetration and customer acquisition, we continue to seek funding to support our operations and our research and development efforts, which result in new product introductions, market share increases, and participation in new markets. On February 28, 2023, we completed a private placement offering, raising gross proceeds of 9.2 million, including 5.0 million in an initial closing in late December 2022 and 4.2 million in January and February 2023. Guerrilla RF will continue to seek funding from capital and debt markets to continue as a going concern and to provide adequate capital for the continued growth of the company. 
 
 New Headquarters 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we moved into a new headquarters building in Greensboro, NC to support our growing employee base and research and development and customer support laboratory space requirements. The new facility incorporates over 50,000 square feet of office and clean laboratory space, and will replace our former headquarters (also in Greensboro) of approximately 10,000 square feet of space. 
 
 Expansion of Distributor and Sales Networks 
 
 We work with global distributors and sales representatives to promote and expand our sales force. Guerrilla RF leverages these ongoing business partnerships for long-term sales and market strategies. In 2022, we expanded our sales representative network in North America, Korea, Japan, and China. Currently, we work with two large electronic component distributors and over 20 sales representative organizations worldwide. 

42

Table of Contents 

Key Metrics (Non-GAAP Measures) 
 
 These non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of Company results as reported under GAAP. The Company compensates for such limitations by relying primarily on GAAP results and using non-GAAP measures only as supplemental data. In addition, because these non-GAAP measures are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and are susceptible to varying calculations, these measures, as defined by us, may differ from and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 
 We regularly review the following key metrics to measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections, make strategic business decisions, and assess working capital needs. 

Year Ended December 31,2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Key Metrics 

Number of products released 

18 

14 

Number of total products 

119 

101 

Number of products with lifetime revenue exceeding 100 thousand 

52 

40 

Number of products released: The total quantity of distinct new products released into production (products that have completed design, quality, and supply chain readiness) for the period. 
 
 Number of total products: The cumulative number of production-released products since Guerrilla RF's inception through the end of the period. 
 
 Number of products with lifetime revenue exceeding 100 thousand: The number of products that have achieved the threshold of cumulative sales of 100,000 since our inception through the end of the period. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues 
 
 We derive our revenue from sales of high-performance RF semiconductor products. We design, integrate, and package differentiated, semiconductor-based products that we sell to customers through our direct sales organization, a network of independent sales representatives, and distributors. We generate revenue from customers located within and outside the U.S. In addition to sales to customers, we generate royalty revenue under a royalty agreement with one semiconductor manufacturer. 
 
 Direct Product Costs and Gross Profit 
 
 Direct Product Costs. Our direct product costs consist of actual direct product expenses, salaries and related expenses, overhead, third-party services vendors, and depreciation expense related to the equipment and information technology costs incurred directly in the Company s revenue-generating activities. 
 
 Gross Profit. Our gross profit is calculated by subtracting our cost of revenues from revenues. Gross margin is expressed as a percentage of total revenues. Our gross profit may fluctuate from period to period as revenues fluctuate due to the mix of products we sell to customers, royalty revenue volume, operational efficiencies, and changes to our technology expenses and customer support. 
 
 We plan to focus on and grow the sales volume of new and existing products with the highest gross margin. We intend to continue investing additional resources in our engineering and design capabilities, which drive our research and development efforts and, in turn, drive additional revenue streams and enable us to improve our gross margin over time. The level and timing of investment in these areas could affect our cost of revenues in the future. 

43

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses consist primarily of research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and employee compensation costs for operations management, finance, accounting, information technology, compliance, and human resources personnel. In addition, general and administrative expenses include non-personnel costs, such as facilities, legal, accounting, and other professional fees, and other supporting corporate expenses not allocated to other departments. We expect our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as our business grows, but we expect general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percent of revenues in the coming years. 
 
 Research and development expenses consist of costs for the design, development, testing, and enhancement of our products and are generally expensed as incurred. These costs consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and share-based compensation for our product development personnel. Research and development expenses also include training costs, product management, third-party partner fees, and third-party consulting fees. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as our business grows, but as a percent of revenues, R D expenses are expected to decrease. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of employee compensation costs related to sales and marketing, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and share-based compensation, costs of general marketing activities and promotional activities, travel-related expenses, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses also include costs for advertising and other marketing activities. Advertising is expensed as incurred. As we expand our sales and marketing efforts, we expect our sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars. 
 
 Non-income taxes include excise taxes, sales and use taxes, capital stock and franchise taxes, and property taxes. Capital stock and franchise taxes are taxes that States charge the Company for the privilege of incorporating or doing business in a State. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense consists primarily of the interest incurred on our debt obligations, our factoring arrangement expense, the non-cash interest expense associated with the amortization of warrants issued to certain of our equityholders and debtholders that have a contingent beneficial conversion feature related to certain convertible notes payable, and lease expense related to our capital leases. 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 
 
 On April 30, 2020, Guerrilla RF received loan proceeds of 535,800 under the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act administered by the Small Business Administration ("SBA") PPP loans and accrued interest are forgivable after a covered period (24 weeks) as long as the borrower maintained its payroll levels and used the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent, and utilities. As of December 31, 2020, Guerrilla RF had 535,800 of principal outstanding on its PPP loan together with accrued interest of 3,611, recorded as accounts payable and accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheet. On February 17, 2021, Guerrilla RF received notice from the SBA that the 535,800 PPP loan was forgiven, including all accrued interest. 
 
 On February 19, 2021, Guerrilla RF received a second PPP loan of 833,300 (the 2021 PPP Loan). Guerrilla RF used the 2021 PPP Loan to retain current employees, maintain payroll, and make lease and utility payments. On August 18, 2021, Guerrilla RF received notice from the SBA that the 2021 PPP Loan, including accrued interest, had been forgiven. 

44

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

11,600,904 

10,479,899 

Direct product costs 

4,835,632 

4,340,292 

Gross profit 

6,765,272 

6,139,607 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

8,114,377 

4,592,879 

Sales and marketing 

4,634,012 

2,752,153 

General and administrative 

5,138,410 

2,464,295 

Total operating expenses 

17,886,799 

9,809,327 

Operating loss 

(11,121,527) 

(3,669,720) 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 

(874,713) 

(551,495) 

Other income (expenses) 

(30,526) 

1,384,060 

Total other income (expenses), net 

(905,239) 

832,565 

Net loss 

(12,026,766) 

(2,837,155) 

Comparison for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenues 

11,600,904 

10,479,899 

1,121,005 

11 

Revenues increased 1.1 million to 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 10.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue was driven by the growth of product sales to our catalog customers, our repeaters and DSA customers, and our wireless infrastructure customers over a wide breadth of applications and customers. Sales to our catalog customers grew approximately 69 from the previous year. New and established repeater and DSA product revenue also expanded 34 from 2021 to 2022. Our overall number of product offerings and the number of customers we ship to in volume continue to contribute to increased sales. Our increased sales were driven by market share increases and rebounding volumes in markets recovering from supply chain difficulties, in part due to COVID pandemic-related interruptions in worldwide manufacturing. Royalty and non-recurring engineering revenue grew 60 to 0.8 million in 2022. Recent agreements for aerospace engineering consulting and development have been a key contributor to the increase in our nonproduct revenue. 

45

Table of Contents 

We generate revenue from customers located within and outside the U.S. While we have several large customers, we define major customers as those responsible for more than 10 of Guerrilla RF s annual product shipment revenue. Using this definition, Guerrilla RF had one major customer, Richardson RFPD, Inc. ("RFPD"), during the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. RFPD, a large product distributor serving numerous end customers, generated 81 of product shipment revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Nonproduct (royalty and non-recurring engineering ("NRE")) revenues increased 60 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, from 0.7 million to 1.1 million, as our royalty revenues flattened while NRE revenues grew. We continued to develop and sell new products into our markets, and new product sales grew from 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 36 . Also, our existing product sales continued to increase from 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 5 . 
 
 International shipments amounted to 7.8 million (approximately 70 of product revenue) and 6.5 million (approximately 66 of product revenue) for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Direct Product Costs and Gross Profit 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Direct product costs 

4,835,632 

4,340,292 

495,340 

11 

Gross profit 

6,765,272 

6,139,607 

625,665 

10 

Direct product costs increased 0.5 million to 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 11 increase in direct product cost was driven by a product sales volume increase of 11 (excluding royalty and NRE revenue). This increase was partially offset by increased fixed overhead costs (Quality staffing and related costs). Year-over-year gross profit was consistent with the percent change of direct product costs increasing 10 from 2021 to 2022. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Research and development 

8,114,377 

4,592,879 

3,521,498 

77 

Research and development expenses increased 3.5 million to 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to 1.4 million of employee additions in our engineering department, and 2.1 million was attributable to product development costs including prototype material and laboratory costs. 
 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Sales and marketing 

4,634,012 

2,752,153 

1,881,859 

68 

Sales and marketing expenses increased 1.9 million to 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 68 increase year over year was driven predominantly by employee additions at the executive level in customer support and inside sales. 

46

Table of Contents 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

General and administrative expenses 

5,138,410 

2,464,295 

2,674,115 

109 

General and administrative expenses increased 2.6 million to 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily related to increases in wages and benefits of 1.6 million, 0.7 million of legal and professional fees, and 0.3 million related to insurance. The increase in wages, benefits, and professional fees was driven by headcount additions within our information technology and accounting departments, and expenses required of being a public company. 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense 

(874,713) 

(551,495) 

(323,218) 

59 

Other income (expense) 

(30,526) 

1,384,060 

(1,414,586) 

(102) 

Total other income (expenses), net 

(905,239) 

832,565 

(1,737,804) 

(209) 

Interest expense increased approximately 0.3 million to 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to two debt vehicles Guerrilla RF entered into in 2022. The first was an asset-based loan with a total available draw of up to 3 million secured by inventory and accounts receivables. The second was a 8 million commercial line of credit of which Guerrilla RF has drawn 5 million. 
 
 Other income decreased 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to .03 million other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. The driver of the other income in 2021 was due to both PPP loans being forgiven in 2021. There was no PPP loan forgiveness in 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary source of liquidity is cash raised from private placements and debt financing. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash resources of 4.3 million. We also have two loan facilities, one of which is for up to 3.0 million with a specialty lender (referred to as the Spectrum Loan Facility, described in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements), and the other of which is for up to 8.0 million with a different lender (referred to as the Salem Loan Facility, also described in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements). As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn down 0.72 million under the Spectrum Loan Facility and 5.0 million under the Salem Loan Facility. The Company raised gross proceeds of approximately 9.2 million in a private placement offering with the final closing on February 28, 2023, including 4.2 million after December 31, 2022, to further support its current and future liquidity needs. The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents will provide sufficient resources to support operations through the second quarter of 2023. Potentially, the Company could draw down additional funds under the Spectrum Loan Facility; however, its ability to do so is dependent upon the value of eligible accounts receivable assigned to Spectrum as security for advances under the Spectrum Loan Facility, which value fluctuates from time to time and is ultimately outside of the Company s control. In addition, the Company anticipates seeking permission from Salem to draw down up to an additional 3.0 million of the 8.0 million Salem Loan Facility; however, Salem has the discretion to, and may, decline the Company s request. The Company is also pursuing additional funding opportunities, including planning for a further capital raise in the second quarter of 2023 in connection with its planned uplisting to the Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. In the event the Company is unable to secure these or other funding sources, it may be unable to fund ongoing operations and pay its obligations as they become due after the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 As described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, we have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and have an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022 of 27.1 million. We expect losses and negative cash flows to continue in the near term, primarily due to continued investment in research and development, sales and marketing efforts, and increased administration expenses as our Company grows. We plan to continue to invest in the implementation of our long-term strategic plan and we anticipate that we will require additional funding in fiscal 2023. We will be actively pursuing additional funding as part of our ongoing strategic planning. There is no assurance that appropriate funding will be available on terms, which are acceptable to us, or at all. This requirement for additional funding raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The Company moved into its new corporate headquarters, located in Greensboro, North Carolina, in the first quarter of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed the new landlord 2.5 million related to agreed-upon excess construction costs, deferral fees, and interest for the new facilities as construction-in-progress. The Company remitted the payment to the landlord for these costs in January 2023. The Company anticipates at least another 0.7 million of excess construction costs and related interest and deferral fees for which it will be responsible, and they will become due in the first half of 2023. 
 
 Initial building asset addition financing related to furniture for the new headquarter facilities was completed in April 2022 and is further discussed in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. The Company will not make any scheduled lease payments for the new headquarter building until the second quarter of 2023, but it will begin recognizing associated lease expense in the first quarter of 2023. The Company anticipates annual building lease payments of approximately 1.1 million, with the first annual lease payment period commencing in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented. 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities 

(9,248,403) 

(4,819,376) 

Investing activities 

(549,850) 

(393,359) 

Financing activities 

8,824,675 

10,099,451 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

(973,578) 

4,886,716 

47

Table of Contents 

Operating Activities 
 
 Cash used in operating activities was 9.2 million and 4.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 principally resulted from our net loss of 12.0 million, with uses offset by non-cash depreciation and amortization of 1.4 million as well as 0.6 million in share-based compensation. There was also 0.2 million provided from the decrease of prepaid expenses of 0.9 million, a decrease of accounts receivable of 0.5 million, and a decrease in operating lease expense of 1.2 million. In addition, there was a 0.8 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and a 0.2 million increase in inventory. 
 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, principally resulted from our net loss of 2.8 million. Moderate increases in our accounts receivable and inventories were partially offset by moderate increases in accounts payable and a small decrease in our prepaid expenses. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 0.5 million and 0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in investing activities resulted from capital expenditures on property and equipment for all periods presented. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, of 8.8 million was principally attributable to 5.1 million in net proceeds from two debt transactions noted above as well as total net proceeds from the first close of the private placement of common stock of 4.8 million. Principal payments on capital leases reduced total cash provided by financing by 1.0 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 The following summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. As mentioned above associated with the move of our business headquarters in the first quarter of 2023, the Company anticipates at least another 0.7 million of excess construction costs and related interest and deferral fees for which it will be responsible, and they will become due in the first half of 2023. We anticipate an annual lease expense of approximately 1.1 million over the 10-year and two-month term of the building lease. 

Payments due by period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1 3 years 

4 5 years 

More than 5 years 

Purchase order obligations 

313,322 

313,322 

Long-term notes (excluding interest) 

4,564,564 

4,564,564 

Short-term debt 

959,803 

959,803 

Operating lease obligations 

10,577,574 

838,419 

2,223,852 

2,163,201 

5,352,102 

Finance lease obligations 

4,063,124 

1,078,506 

2,010,168 

974,450 

Total 

20,478,387 

3,190,050 

4,234,020 

7,702,215 

5,352,102 

48

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our most significant estimates and judgments involve the valuation of our share-based compensation, including the underlying estimated fair value of our common stock. Accordingly, actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future consolidated financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. 
 
 Other than as described under Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements, the Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2022, have not materially changed. 
 
 We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we think are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 
 Our recurring operating losses and our current operating plans raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued their audit report on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which included an explanatory paragraph as to our ability to continue as a going concern. While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our current operating plans through the second quarter of 2023, we have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently expect and need to raise additional funds sooner than we anticipate. 
 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on us being able to raise additional capital and/or secure additional loans to fund our operations and achieve our business objectives. Our cash balance stood at 4.3 million on December 31, 2022; however, we have recorded a net loss of 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or approximately 1.0 million per month. On February 28, 2023, we completed a private placement offering, raising gross proceeds of 9.2 million, including 5.0 million in an initial closing in late December 2022 and 4.2 million in January and February 2023. 
 
 Potentially, we could draw down additional funds under our existing Spectrum Loan Facility; however, our ability to do so is dependent upon the value of eligible accounts receivable assigned to Spectrum as security for advances under the Spectrum Loan Facility, which value fluctuates from time to time and is ultimately outside of our control. We anticipate seeking permission from Salem to draw down up to an additional 3.0 million of our 8.0 million Salem Loan Facility; however, Salem has the discretion to, and may, decline our request. We are also pursuing additional funding opportunities, including planning for a further capital raise in the second quarter of 2023 in connection with our planned uplisting to the Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. The ongoing inflationary economic environment and related capital market effects caused by the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its impact on the supply chain, cannot be predicted with certainty and may make it more difficult or preclude us from raising additional capital, increase our costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our failure to do any of the aforementioned things could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ultimately, if we do not secure additional financing in a timely manner, we will be unable to fund ongoing operations and pay our obligations as they become due, affecting our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 We recognize the grant-date fair value of share-based awards issued as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. To date, we have not issued awards where vesting is subject to performance or market conditions. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the use of inputs and assumptions such as the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock, exercise price of the option, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and dividend yield, the most critical of which is the estimated fair value of our common stock. 
 
 The estimated fair value of each grant and modification of stock options awarded during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 was determined using the following methods and assumptions: 

Estimated fair value of common stock . As our common stock was not publicly traded prior to May 13, 2022, and subsequently has only experienced limited trading volumes, our Board of Directors periodically estimated the fair value of our common stock considering, among other things, contemporaneous valuations of our preferred and common stock prepared by an independent third-party valuation firm in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 2013 Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 

Expected term. Due to the lack of a large public market for the trading of our common stock and the lack of sufficient company-specific historical data, the expected term of employee stock options is determined using the simplified method, as prescribed in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No.107 (SAB 107), Share-Based Payment, whereby the expected life equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. 

Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected term. 

Expected volatility. The expected volatility is based on historical volatilities of peer companies within our industry which were commensurate with the expected term assumption, as described in SAB 107. 

Dividend yield. We assume a dividend yield of 0 because we have never paid, and for the foreseeable future do not expect to pay, a dividend on our common stock. 

49

Table of Contents 

The inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and management uses different inputs and assumptions, our share-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards. 
 
 In valuing our common and preferred stock, our Board of Directors determined the equity value of our business by taking a combination of the income and market approaches. 
 
 The income approach estimates the fair value of a company based on the present value of its future estimated cash flows and the residual value of the company beyond the forecast period. These future values are discounted to their present values using a discount rate which is derived from an analysis of the cost of capital of comparable publicly-traded companies in the same industry or similar lines of business as of each valuation date and is adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in us achieving these estimated cash flows. For the market approach, we utilized the guideline company method by analyzing a population of comparable companies and selected those semiconductor companies that we considered to be the most comparable to us in terms of product offerings, revenue, margins, and growth. We then used these guideline companies to develop relevant market multiples and ratios, which are then applied to our corresponding financial metrics to estimate our equity value. 
 
 The enterprise values determined by the income and market approaches were then allocated to our common stock using the Option Pricing Method, or OPM. 
 
 The OPM treats common stock and preferred stock as call options on a company s enterprise value, with exercise prices based on the liquidation preferences of the preferred stock. Therefore, the common stock has value only if the funds available for distribution to the stockholders exceed the value of the liquidation preference at the time of an assumed liquidity event such as a merger, sale, or initial public offering. The common stock is modeled as a call option with a claim on the enterprise at an exercise price equal to the remaining value immediately after the preferred stock is liquidated. The OPM uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the price of the call option. The OPM is appropriate to use when the range of possible future outcomes is so difficult to predict that forecasts would be highly speculative. 
 
 Given the limited public trading market for our capital stock as of December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors exercised reasonable judgment and considered a number of subjective factors to determine the best estimate of the fair value of our common stock, including: 

our business, financial condition and results of operations, including related industry trends affecting our operations; 

the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or the sale of the Company, given prevailing market conditions; 

the lack of marketability of our preferred and common stock; 

the market performance of comparable publicly traded companies; and, 

U.S. and global economic and capital market conditions and outlook. 

Our common stock became quoted on the OTCQX, an OTC Markets Group trading platform, on May 13, 2022. We began using our quoted common stock price as a fair value estimation factor to value our common stock once it achieved sufficient trading volume during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, as all of Guerrilla RF's preferred stock was converted into common stock in October 2021, we will no longer need to estimate the fair value of preferred stock as there was no issued or outstanding preferred stock as of December 31, 2022. 

50

Table of Contents 

JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that we are no longer an emerging growth company, or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. We have not elected to early adopt certain new accounting standards, as described in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

51

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 53 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 57 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

52

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Audit Committee of Guerrilla RF, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Guerrilla RF, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 2022, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases, effective January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 March 3, 2023 

53

Table of Contents 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Assets 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories, net 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Total Current Assets 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Total Assets 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 Short-term debt 
 Operating lease, current portion 
 Finance lease, current portion 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 
 Long-term debt 
 Operating lease 
 Finance lease 
 Notes payable 
 Total Liabilities 
 
 Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized, 37,267,237 and 33,222,192 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

54

Table of Contents 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Product 
 Royalties and non-recurring engineering 
 Total 
 
 Direct product costs 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Operating Expenses: 
 Research and development 
 Sales and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating Loss 
 
 Interest expense 
 Other income (expenses) 
 Total Other Income (Expenses), net 
 Net Loss 
 
 Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

55

Table of Contents 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Change in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In-Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 December 31, 2020 
 Net loss 
 Stock options exercised 
 Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock 
 Change in par value of common stock - 
 Conversion of promissory notes to common stock 
 Issuance of common stock to former stockholders of Laffin Corporation 
 Sale of common stock in private placement, net of issuance costs 
 Repurchase of common stock from an unaccredited investor upon consummation of the merger 
 Share-based compensation 
 December 31, 2021 
 Net loss 
 Stock options exercised 
 Conversion of promissory notes to common stock 
 Equity financing, net of issuance costs 
 Share-based compensation 
 December 31, 2022 

56

Table of Contents 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 Net loss 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Share-based compensation 
 Accretion of notes payables 
 Warrant amortization 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 Inventory allowance 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Operating leases 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Proceeds from notes payable and factoring agreement 
 Proceeds from equity financing 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 Principal payment of notes payable and recourse factoring agreement 
 Principal payment on finance lease 
 Repayment of finance insurance premiums 
 Proceeds from the APO 
 Proceeds from PPP loan 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 Cash, end of period 
 
 Noncash transactions: 
 Property and equipment financed through finance leases 
 Other long-term asset additions included in accounts payable 
 Financing of insurance premiums and software 
 Right-of-use assets obtained through operating lease 
 Conversion of promissory notes to common stock 
 Property and equipment additions included in accounts payable 

57

Table of Contents 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and used million in cash to fund operations. As a result, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. The Company's cash as of December 31, 2022 wa s million. We expect losses and negative cash flows to continue in the near term, primarily due to continued investment in research and development, sales and marketing efforts, and increased administration expenses as our Company grows. We plan to continue to invest in the implementation of our long-term strategic plan and we anticipate that we will require additional funding in fiscal 2023. There is no assurance that appropriate funding will be available on terms, which are acceptable to us, or at all. This requirement for additional funding raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our primary source of liquidity is cash raised from private placements and debt financing. We also have two loan facilities, one of which is for up to million with a specialty lender (referred to as the Spectrum Loan Facility, described in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements), and the other of which is for up to million with a different lender (referred to as the Salem Loan Facility, also described in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements). As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn down million under the Spectrum Loan Facility and million under the Salem Loan Facility. The Company raised gross proceeds of approximately million in a private placement offering with the final closing on February 28, 2023, including million after December 31, 2022, to further support its current and future liquidity needs. The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents will provide sufficient resources to support operations through the second quarter of 2023. Potentially, the Company could draw down additional funds under the Spectrum Loan Facility; however, its ability to do so is dependent upon the value of eligible accounts receivable assigned to Spectrum as security for advances under the Spectrum Loan Facility, which value fluctuates from time to time and is ultimately outside of the Company s control. In addition, the Company anticipates seeking permission from Salem to draw down up to an additional million of the million Salem Loan Facility; however, Salem has discretion to, and may, decline the Company s request. The Company is also pursuing additional funding opportunities, including planning for a further capital raise in the second quarter of 2023 in connection with its planned uplisting to the Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. In the event the Company is unable to secure these or other funding sources, it may be unable to fund ongoing operations and pay its obligations as they become due after the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 The Company will require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including developing new solutions or enhancing existing solutions, enhancing our operating infrastructure, expanding our sales and marketing capabilities, and acquiring complementary businesses, technologies, or assets. We plan to engage in additional equity or debt financing to secure the necessary funds; however, equity and debt financing might not be available when needed or, if available, might not be available on terms satisfactory to us. If we raise additional funds through equity financing, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us in the future, our ability to continue as a going concern, to support our business growth, and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited as we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate some or all of our initiatives, which could harm our operating results. 

Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 The Company is subject to several risks associated with companies at a similar stage, including dependence on key individuals, competition from similar products and larger companies, volatility of the industry, ability to obtain adequate financing to support growth, the ability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel to manage the anticipated growth of the Company, and general economic conditions. 

Emerging Growth Company 
 
 The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2 (a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 
 Further, Section 102 (b)( 1 of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of the extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public and private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

The Company s accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers located in and outside of the U.S. Major customers are defined as those generating revenue in excess of 10 of the Company s annual product shipment revenue. The Company h ad one m ajor customer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Revenues from the major customer accounted f or o f product shipment revenue for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Accounts receivable from our major customer represented of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022, a nd of accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 . 

of invoices issued to RFPD, its largest distributor, with receivables less than days outstanding secured by the remaining . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 0 of factored invoices. The Company terminated this factoring agreement in the second quarter of 2022. On June 1, 2022, the Company established a new loan facility (the Spectrum Loan Facility) with Spectrum. The Spectrum Loan Facility provides for advance payments up to million, calculated, in part, based on the value of eligible accounts receivable assigned to Spectrum as security for advances under the Spectrum Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were million of advances under the Spectrum Loan Facility. At December 31, 2022, million of excess collateral was due from Spectrum, which is included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 5 for additional discussion on the Spectrum Loan Facility. 

Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants Accounting standards require that freestanding warrants and similar instruments, with certain settlement features of the financial instruments, should be accounted for as a preferred stock warrant liability even though the underlying shares of capital stock may be classified as equity. Such warrants would be measured and recognized at fair value and subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. All of the Company s convertible preferred stock warrants were previously classified as equity (see Note 1 for further discussion of the equity conversion as part of the Merger). The Company did not have any convertible preferred stock warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

thousand and , respectively, of revenue from contracts with customers to be recognized over time as the services are delivered to the customer. Certain nonrecurring engineering service revenues are recognized over time as the services are delivered to the customer. D uring the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of revenue that was deferred as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any contract liabilities where performance obligations have not yet been satisfied. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods. The costs incurred by the Company for shipping and handling are classified as cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. Any incidental items that are immaterial in the context of a sale to a customer are recognized as expense. 

Estimating the fair market value of options requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock, the expected life of the options, stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. Therefore, the assumptions used in the Company s Black-Scholes option-pricing model represent management s best estimates and involve many variables, uncertainties, and assumptions, and the application of management s judgment, as they are inherently subjective. 

and , respectively. 

shares of the Company's common stock. In computing basic and diluted net loss per share, the weighted average number of shares is the same for both calculations because a net loss existed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . As such, all preferred stock, warrants, and options were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The following potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, as they would be anti-dilutive: 
 
 Restricted stock units 
 Stock options 

Work-in-process 
 Finished goods 
 Inventory allowance 
 Inventory, net 

A s of December 31, 2021, there was an inventory allowance of made up of potential scrap and obsolete inventory. 

Computer equipment and software 
 Lab equipment 
 Office furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Construction work in progress 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense wa s and f or the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company conducts its long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with ASC 360 - 10, Property, Plant, and Equipment . ASC 360 - 10 requires the Company to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an impairment charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or appraisals. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, the Company concluded the undiscounted future cash flows associated with certain of its long-lived assets, specifically mask sets used in the production of a small subset of Company products and information technology equipment, indicated the carrying amount of those items was not recoverable. As a result, the Company reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a thousand impairment charge included in General and Administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. The impairment was measured under an income approach utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows to determine fair values of the impairment assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company concluded it did not have any other triggering events requiring assessment of impairment of its long-lived assets. 

of the domestic accounts receivable balance to the Company (the Advance Amount ), with the remaining balance, less fees to be paid to the Company once the Factor collected the entire accounts receivable balance from the customer. The factoring fee was of the invoice s face value factored for the first 30 days required to collect the invoice and prorated on a per diem basis at each day thereafter. The minimum invoice fee for any factored invoices was . The Company included the cost of factoring in interest expense. 
 
 As stated previously, the Company factored the accounts receivable on a recourse basis. Therefore, if the Factor could not collect the factored accounts receivable, the Company had to refund the Advance Amount remitted to it for any uncollected accounts receivable. Accordingly, the Company recorded the liability of having to refund the Advance Amount as short-term debt when the factoring arrangement was utilized. The Company terminated the factoring arrangement as of June 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 there were advances or other liabilities outstanding under the factoring arrangement. 
 
 The cost of factoring was as follows: 

Spectrum Loan Facility 
 
 The Company entered into the Spectrum Loan Facility with Spectrum pursuant to the terms of the General Credit and Security Agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), the Company may borrow monies to purchase eligible equipment in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the cost of such eligible equipment and (ii) 500,000; provided that this maximum eligibility will automatically be reduced by 1/48 th each month during the term of the facility. The Credit Agreement also allows for additional borrowing in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the net amount of eligible inventory (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (ii) , and (iii) of the purchased accounts receivable outstanding under the related Assignment of Accounts and Security Agreement (the AR Agreement ). 
 
 Under the terms of the AR Agreement, Spectrum has agreed to advance funds equal to approximately of eligible accounts receivable that are collected by Spectrum under a lock box arrangement. The maximum amount that may be advanced under the AR Agreement is less any amounts loaned under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The scheduled term of the Spectrum Loan Facility is 24 months from the Spectrum Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as per the terms of the Spectrum Loan Facility. The term of the facility will automatically renew unless either party provides at least 60 days notice prior to the scheduled expiration date. In the event of an early termination of the AR Agreement by the Company or resulting from the Company s default or other circumstances impacting the Company (including bankruptcy, reorganization, sale of assets, and cessation of business), the Company will be required to pay a prepayment fee. 
 
 The Company s obligations under the Spectrum Loan Facility are secured by first -priority liens on essentially all of the Company s assets; provided, however, that the Company is permitted to grant purchase money security interests on certain equipment, furniture and similar tangible assets financed by a third party. 
 
 In addition to annual facility fees of and other quarterly and transaction fees payable to Spectrum, interest accrues on amounts owed under the Spectrum Loan Facility at the prime rate as quoted by the Wall Street Journal plus , but in no event lower than . 
 
 The Spectrum Loan Facility contains various covenants and restrictions on the Company's financial and business operations including restrictions on the purchase or redemption of any Company shares and the declaration or payment of any dividends on the Company's stock. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company maintained compliance with these covenants and restrictions. 
 
 The Company has borrowed million under the Spectrum Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022. The Company includes the interest expense of the Spectrum Loan Facility thousand) as part of its interest expense on its consolidated statements of operations, and the total amount of million borrowed under the Spectrum Loan Facility is included as short-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Salem Loan Facility 
 
 On August 11, 2022 (the Salem Effective Date ), the Company entered into the Salem Loan Facility with Salem. The Salem Loan Facility provides for a loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to million. 
 
 The Salem Loan Facility provided for an initial advance of million, and additional advances over the next twelve months from the Salem Effective Date of up to million at Salem s discretion. The Salem Loan Facility has a five -year term, is secured by a second -priority lien on essentially all of the Company s assets and provides for aggregate interest payments of per annum, with payable in cash and paid-in-kind, with the principal and outstanding interest due in August 2027. In addition to a fee paid prior to closing on the Salem Loan Facility, the Company issued Salem shares of common stock as consideration for the Salem Loan Facility. The Company will issue up to an additional shares in the event that Salem advances the additional million. 
 
 The Salem Loan Facility contains various covenants and restrictions on the Company's financial and business operations including restrictions on the purchase or redemption of any Company shares and the declaration or payment of any dividends on the Company's stock. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company maintained compliance with these covenants and restrictions. 
 
 Should the Company repay the Salem loan during the first three years of the five -year term, it may be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to (i) of the prepaid principal during year 1, (ii) of the prepaid principal during year 2, and (iii) of the prepaid principal during year 3. The Salem Loan Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that impose restrictions on the Company s financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, indebtedness, and fundamental changes in the nature of the Company s business. In addition, the Salem Loan Facility provides that the Company must maintain compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum liquidity covenant. 
 
 On August 11, 2022, in connection with the closing of the Salem Loan Facility, the Company paid off its obligations under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan ("EIDL") loan from the Small Business Administration (see further discussion of the EIDL loan below). 
 
 The Company has borrowed million under the Salem Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company includes the interest expense of the Salem Loan Facility thousand) as part of its interest expense on its consolidated statements of operations, the total amount of million borrowed as undiscounted long-term debt on its consolidated balance sheets million discounted long-term debt), and the shares of common stock issued million) within the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity (deficit) . 
 
 Loans Payable EIDL 
 
 In response to COVID- 19, the SBA created the EIDL program in March 2020. The program's purpose was to help small businesses meet financial obligations that could have been met had the COVID- 19 pandemic not occurred. Unlike the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"), an EIDL loan is not forgivable in the future but provides favorable interest and payment terms. The maximum EIDL available was equivalent to six months of a business s working capital, up to 150,000. Businesses could use EIDL proceeds for working capital and normal operating expenses. On June 24, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of under the EIDL program. As part of the EIDL program, the Company agreed to the SBA collateral conditions and agreed to pay annual interest of 3.75 per annum on the outstanding principal balance. Monthly installment payments were to commence at the end of the anticipated deferral allowance period in December 2022 for up to a maximum of 30 years from the loan date (thus, 2050 ). As mentioned above, in conjunction with closing the Salem Loan Facility on August 11, 2022, the Company repaid the entire outstanding principal 149,900 and accrued interest thousand) of the EIDL loan. 
 
 Loans Payable PPP 
 
 On April 30, 2020, Guerrilla RF received loan proceeds of under the PPP. Established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act administered by the SBA. PPP loans and accrued interest are forgivable after a covered period 24 weeks) as long as the borrower maintains its payroll levels and uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent, and utilities. As of December 31, 2020, Guerrilla RF had of principal outstanding on the PPP loan together with accrued interest of as accounts payable and accrued expenses less shown as long-term liability on the consolidated balance sheet. On February 17, 2021, Guerrilla RF received approval from the SBA that the PPP loan was forgiven, including all accrued interest. 
 
 On February 19, 2021, Guerrilla RF received loan proceeds of (the 2021 PPP Loan also under the same CARES Act. Guerrilla RF used the 2021 PPP Loan to retain current employees, maintain payroll, and make lease and utility payments. On August 18, 2021, Guerrilla RF received confirmation from the SBA that the 2021 PPP Loan, including accrued interest, had been forgiven. 
 
 The Company recorded the forgiveness of both PPP loans and the related accrued interest as a gain in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had principal outstanding on the PPP loans or accrued interest. 

Notes Payable 
 
 Since its founding, the Company has utilized privately placed funding through equity and unsecured debt instruments. See Note 6 for details on equity funding. 
 
 The Company entered into several debt arrangements from capital raise events and bridge loans from existing investors. These debt arrangements were characterized by interest-only quarterly payments paid in arrears. Per the terms of the debt arrangements, the principal was paid in its entirety at the respective maturity date. In addition, all such debt agreements could be prepaid by the Company without any penalty. 
 
 From March 2017 through July 2020, the Company entered into debt financings with multiple investors for a total of in promissory notes with various maturity dates from March 2022 to December 31, 2023. The debt instruments had interest rates from to per annum. The outstanding balances of the promissory notes were converted to common stock at the closing of the Merger. 
 
 On June 1, 2018, the Company entered into a promissory note with an investor for with a maturity date of May 31, 2020. In connection with this promissory note and the terms of the related loan agreement, the Company issued two warrants for the purchase of Series E preferred stock of the Company. On April 15, 2020, the note and warrants were transferred to a related party of the lender. Following that transfer, the new warrant holder exercised these warrants and purchased shares of preferred stock for a total cash consideration of to satisfy of the 1,000,000 note payable. In addition, this new holder of the note payable agreed to refinance the remaining of the 1,000,000 note payable, which then had a maturity date of May 31, 2022. The outstanding balance of this promissory note was converted to common stock at the closing of the Merger. 

Convertible Promissory Notes 
 
 As further described in Note 1, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement effective October 22, 2021. On October 22, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all of the common stock of Guerrilla RF (including common stock issued upon the conversion of preferred stock and million of pre- 2021 convertible notes) held by accredited investors was converted into an aggregate of shares of Company common stock. These pre- 2021 convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. In addition, in connection with the Merger, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for of convertible notes that were issued by Guerrilla RF in contemplation of the Merger. 
 
 Per the terms of several debt arrangements entered into with new and existing investors prior to the Merger, the principal was to be paid in its entirety at the respective maturity date or upon conversion as a result of the Merger without any penalty. Upon successful closing of the aforementioned Merger and related financing, all of the outstanding principal amounts of the new notes payable issued just prior to the Merger 1,488,600 and the above-described existing notes payable 4.5 million), automatically, without the necessity of any action by the noteholder or the Company, converted into securities of the Company. All accrued but unpaid interest on the existing and new notes payable as of the effective date of the Merger were paid in cash to the noteholder within fifteen 15 business days following the Merger ). 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In connection with some of the debt described above, certain lenders were issued warrants to purchase up to pre-Merger shares of Series D and E preferred stock at per share. In April 2018, Guerrilla RF completed a Series E preferred stock convertible note private offering in which pre-Merger shares of Series E Preferred Stock were issued at per share together with warrants to purchase an additional pre-Merger shares of Series E preferred stock. In consideration of funds advanced pursuant to a promissory note accruing interest at per annum from an existing investor, Guerrilla RF issued warrants on June 1, 2018, for the purchase of pre-Merger shares of Series E Preferred Stock (in total) at per share with different termination dates. All outstanding warrants immediately prior to the October 22, 2021 closing date of the Merger were converted into Company common stock (as further described in Note 1 ). 

Long term debt is summarized as follows: 

Note payable with monthly payments beginning in June 2022 at 3.75 interest, maturing in June 2050 , secured by all tangible and intangible property 
 
 Finance agreement for directors and officers insurance premium with monthly payments at 4.95 interest, maturing in August 2023 
 
 Finance agreement for software, with monthly payments at various interest rates, and maturity dates 
 
 Recourse factoring - 
 
 Total notes payable 149,900 
 
 Less current portion 

Debt Maturity 
 
 Debt is expected to mature as follows: 
 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 

shares of common stock with a par value of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Subject to preferences that may apply to any outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends that the Company s Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for that purpose on a non-cumulative basis. dividends had been declared through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Following the Effective Time of the Merger, the Company sold shares of common stock pursuant to a private placement offering at a purchase price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The Company incurred issuance costs of million, which were offset against the proceeds from this offering and are recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, Guerrilla RF, Inc. the Company completed the initial closing of a private placement of up to million in aggregate gross proceeds (the Offering as it entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement (the Unit Purchase Agreement with investors (the Purchasers pursuant to which the Company sold units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of share of the Company s common stock and warrant to purchase one -half of a share of common stock (the Warrant ). The purchase price of each Unit was per Unit, resulting in gross proceeds at this initial closing of approximately million before the deduction of estimated Offering expenses of approximately . Pursuant to the terms of the Offering, the Company continued to accept subscriptions for Units and had additional closings through February 28, 2023. 
 
 Each full Warrant has an exercise price of per whole share of common stock, subject to adjustment, and is exercisable for a period of five years beginning six 6 months from the date of the final closing of the Offering. 
 
 In connection with the Offering, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company is required to prepare and file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC covering the resale of (i) the shares of common stock issued to the Purchasers in the Offering, and (ii) the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Warrant Shares within 30 days following the final closing of the Offering. The Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement to be declared effective no later than 120 days following the final closing of the Offering. 
 
 Laidlaw Company (UK), Ltd. served as the exclusive placement agent and GP Nurmenkari, Inc. served as a selected dealer for the Offering (collectively, the Placement Agents ). In addition to an aggregate cash fee of approximately , representing of the gross proceeds from the initial closing, the Placement Agents will receive warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrant Shares ). The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years and have an exercise price of per share. 
 
 The aforementioned Units and Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), but were offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Section 4 (a)( 2 of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

Common Stock Warrants 
 
 In October and November 2021, the Company issued warrants to nonemployees to purchase and shares of common stock, respectively, as payment for services related to the private placement and the Merger. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and are immediately exercisable and expire in October and November 2026, respectively. The Company determined the warrants to be equity-classified awards and recorded them as issuance costs related to the sale of common stock associated with the private placement and Merger (see Note 1 ). As mentioned above, o n December 30, 2022, the Company completed the initial closing of its Offering. Each Unit sold in the Offering includes one warrant to purchase one -half of a share of common stock. Thus, as of December 31, 2022, Units sold in the Offering include warrants to purchase shares, which warrants will be issued upon the final closing of the Offering. The Warrant Shares comprise Purchaser Warrant Shares and Placement Agent Warrant Shares, each exercisable for a period of five years beginning six months following the final closing of the Offering. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series. 
 
 Prior to the Merger Guerrilla RF had utilized convertible preferred share issuances, convertible debt issuances, and convertible warrants from private investors to fund its business operations and growth. dividend was payable on shares of Guerrilla RF common stock or its classes of preferred stock. At the closing of the Merger, all Guerrilla RF preferred stock was converted into common shares of the Company. There is issued or outstanding preferred stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan. Subsequently, stockholders approved an increase in the number of shares available under the 2014 Plan to shares. Exercise prices range from to per share, depending on the date of the award. No further awards may be made under the 2014 Plan. 
 
 In 2021, the Board adopted the Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which authorizes the award of stock options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units ("RSU"), performance awards, cash awards, and stock bonus awards. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock, plus any reserved shares not issued or subject to outstanding grants under the 2014 Plan on the effective date of the 2021 Plan, for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan will increase automatically on January 1 each year until 2031 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of of the total number of outstanding shares of our common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31, or a number as may be determined by our Board. 
 
 The general purpose of the 2014 Plan and the 2021 Plan is to allow the Company to attract and motivate key employees and directors to align their interests with those of the Company s shareholders. 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 On January 1, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board awarded shares of common stock (valued at per share) to the non-employee directors for services provided in 2021. These common stock awards vested immediately. 
 
 Stock Option Awards 
 
 The Company measures the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model, which takes into account inputs such as the exercise price, the value of the underlying ordinary shares at the grant date, expected term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. The fair value of each grant of options was determined using the methods and assumptions discussed below: 
 
 The expected term of employee options is determined using the simplified method, as prescribed in the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, whereby the expected life equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option due to the Company s lack of sufficient historical data. 

The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the publicly traded common stock of a peer group of companies. 

The risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected term. 

The expected dividend yield is because the Company has not historically paid and does not expect to pay a dividend on its common stock for the foreseeable future. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the grant date fair value of all option grants was estimated at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the following weighted-average assumptions: 
 
 Expected volatility 
 Risk-free rate 
 Dividend rate 

The weighted average grant date fair value of stock option awards granted was and dur ing the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The value of stock options is recognized as compensation expense by the straight-line method over the vesting period. Unrecognized compensation costs related to non vested options at December 31, 2022 amounted to 496,659 , which are expected to be recognized over an average of approximately three years. 
 
 Stock option activity by share is summarized as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Shares underlying outstanding awards at December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Shares underlying outstanding awards at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable options at December 31, 2022 

Each outstanding unexercised stock option at the closing date of the Merger October 22, 2021) was converted into the right to purchase approximately shares of the Company's common stock. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, options to purchase shares of Guerrilla RF s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger under the 2014 Plan were assumed and converted into options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock. In conjunction with the modification of the number of shares issuable under the options, the exercise price of the options was also reduced by a corresponding factor. 
 
 In April 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board granted stock options to new employees at an exercise price of per share. These option awards vest equally over four years per year) on the anniversary of the date the recipient started working for the Company. 
 
 In September 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board granted stock options to new employees at multiple exercise prices between and per share. These option awards vest equally over four years per year) on the anniversary of the date the recipient started working for the Company. 
 
 The number of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options exercisable as of December 31, 2022, was million. As of December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation for unvested options granted of million will be recognized over a remaining weighted-average requisite service period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit ("RSU") Awards 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board granted RSUs (net of cancellations/forfeitures) to various employees and directors. The RSU awards made to non-employees , net of cancellations/forfeitures) vest 100 on the earliest of (i) June 2, 2023, subject to the recipient's continued service to the Company, (ii) the recipient's death, or (iii) the recipient's disability. The RSUs awarded to employees , net of cancellations/forfeitures) vest over three equal annual installments from the date of the grant. The RSUs awarded are subject to the recipient s continued service through the applicable vesting date and the shares not vested are forfeited upon separation from or discontinuation of services to the Company. The share-based compensation expense to be recognized for these RSUs over the remaining vesting period subsequent to December 31, 2022 is approximately million. 
 
 The employee stock option and RSU grants during the year ended December 31, 2022 were issued from the 2021 Plan. The fair value of each RSU was estimated on the date of grant, based on the weighted average price of the Company's stock reduced by the present value of the expected dividend stream during the vesting period using the risk-free interest rate. The Company will issue new shares of common stock to satisfy RSUs upon vesting. The Company did not make any RSU grants in 2021. The following table summarizes the RSU activity and weighted averages. 
 
 The following table summarizes RSU activity: 
 
 Granted 
 Vested - 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Pursuant to awards made under the 2014 Plan and the 2021 Plan, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense in the following expense categories in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Research and development 
 Sales and marketing 
 General and administrative 

income tax benefits have been recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for stock-based compensation arrangements, and stock-based compensation costs have been capitalized as property and equipment through December 31, 2022. 

million and an operating right-of-use asset and liability of million. 
 
 The Company determines whether an arrangement is an operating lease or financing lease at inception. Lease assets and obligations are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the term of the lease. The Company generally uses its incremental borrowing rate, which is based on information available at the lease commencement date, to determine the present value of lease payments. 
 
 The Company has entered into leases primarily for real estate and equipment used in research and development. Operating lease expense is recognized in continuing operations by amortizing the amount recorded as an asset on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Financing lease expense is comprised of both interest expense, which will be recognized using the effective interest method, and amortization of the right-of-use assets. These expenses are presented consistently with other interest expense and amortization or depreciation of similar assets. In determining lease asset values, the Company considers fixed and variable payment terms, prepayments, incentives, and options to extend, terminate or purchase. Renewal, termination, or purchase options affect the lease term used for determining lease asset value only if the option is reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 
 Balance sheet information related to right-of-use assets and liabilities is as follows: 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease, current portion 
 Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Finance Leases: 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets Property, plant, and equipment 
 
 Current portion of finance lease liabilities Finance lease, current portion 
 Noncurrent portion of finance lease liabilities Finance lease 
 Total finance lease liabilities 

Lease cost recognized in the consolidated financial statements is summarized as follows: 

Finance lease cost: 
 Amortization of lease assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Total finance lease costs 

1 Represent amounts under ASC 840. 

Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized as follows: 
 
 Finance leases 
 
 Weighted average discount rate: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 

The following table summarizes our future minimum payments under contractual obligations for operating and financing liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Less interest 
 Finance lease liabilities 
 
 Operating leases - - - 
 Less present value adjustment - - - 
 Operating lease liabilities - - - 

The Company leases its former headquarters office facilities in Greensboro, North Carolina under a lease agreement, which expires in June 2024. The lease agreement allows for early cancellation, subject to payment of an early cancellation penalty. Under the lease agreement, the Company is responsible for certain insurance and maintenance expenses. In addition, the lease agreement contains scheduled rent increases. The related rent expense for the lease is calculated on a straight-line basis according to the rental terms of the lease. 
 
 New Headquarters Capital Addition Financing 
 
 In July 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for new headquarters (also in Greensboro, North Carolina), with a lease term of ten 10 years and two months from the date the Company commences occupancy, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. Under the lease agreement, the Company is responsible for certain insurance and maintenance expenses, which are not part of the minimum lease payments. In addition, the lease agreement contains scheduled rent increases. Upon taking control of the building, the related rent expense for the lease will be calculated on a straight-line basis according to the lease's rental terms. The Company will commence remitting scheduled lease payments in the second quarter of 2023. The Company anticipates an annual lease expense of approximately million over the term of the lease and lease expense recognition will commence in the first quarter of 2023. The initial lease payment will be made in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the Company's planned move into expanded office facilities in early 2023, which will become the Company's new headquarters, the Company entered into a lease financing arrangement related to furniture for the new office facilities in April 2022. The total cost of the furniture financed was million, which included tax, freight, interim storage, and installation labor. The Company was responsible for paying interest-only payments to the financing company related to the furniture procurement order (interest on principal of thousand) placed in April 2022 prior to the first scheduled principal financing payment, which occurred in August 2022 thousand). The Company made interest-only payments to the financing company related to the furniture procurement order through August 2022 in the amount of thousand. Subsequent to August 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company has paid thousand in principal and thousand in interest. The total scheduled principal and interest payments to be made after December 31, 2022 are thousand. 
 
 The Company entered into a lease agreement in July 2021 for its new headquarters. The new headquarters were renovated in accordance with plans agreed upon with the landlord, and the Company took possession of the building in the first quarter 2023 when all improvements and renovations (the "new building asset additions") were substantially complete. Initially, the Company anticipated the new building asset additions being completed and taking possession in September 2022; however, the landlord, as the sole improvement and renovation contractor, experienced significant construction delays. In August 2022, the Company reached an agreement with the landlord over the timing of the payments for the new building asset additions in light of the significant construction delays. The Company anticipates the total cost of the new building asset additions will be approximately million, with the Company being responsible for the balance in excess of the landlord's million allowance (the "excess construction costs") plus deferral fees and interest. 
 
 As part of the aforementioned August 2022 lease amendment, the Company made the landlord an initial payment of million towards the excess construction costs and related financing costs. The August 2022 lease amendment included new financing terms for the excess construction costs, which include a deferral fee per annum) and interest per annum). Thus, the Company will pay the landlord a 2 deferral fee to be applied to all current and future excess construction costs as invoiced by the landlord. The Company will also pay 18 interest on all such current and future excess construction costs and deferral fees from the date the landlord invoices them until the Company remits payment. The initial payment of 1.3 million towards the excess construction costs was applied first to accrued interest, then to the deferral fee, and then to advanced rent payments. The Company was not required to make any additional payments until after the Company completed an additional capital raise, but no later than December 15, 2022 (and up to December 31, 2022 at the landlord's discretion). At that time, the Company was required to pay the landlord, in full, all unpaid excess construction costs, deferral fees, and interest then due (the "Capital Raise Payment"). After the Capital Raise Payment, the Company must resume making monthly invoiced payments related to the excess construction costs, including deferral fees and interest. The Company had the initial closing of its capital raise on December 30, 2022. The Company has recorded the advanced rent amounts paid and payable to the landlord as long-term prepaid expenses and other on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. These amounts will be reclassified to the operating lease right-of-use asset upon lease commencement in the first quarter of 2023. The Company remitted the Capital Raise Payment to the landlord on January 3, 2023 for million . 
 
 Legal 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may become involved in legal disputes. In the opinion of management, any potential liabilities resulting from any disputes would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. As a result, liability related to any such disputes has been recorded at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 
 From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, the Company may indemnify other parties when it enters into contractual relationships, including members of the Board of Directors, employees, customers, lessors, lenders, and parties to other transactions with the Company. In addition, the Company may agree to hold other parties harmless against specific losses, such as those that could arise from a breach of representation, covenant, or third -party infringement claims. It may not be possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under such indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances likely to be involved in each particular claim and indemnification provision. Management believes any liability arising from these agreements will not be material to the consolidated financial statements. As a result, liability for these agreements has been recorded at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Employment Agreement 
 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with one executive. This employment agreement was entered into effective as of January 1, 2020. The Company desired the assurance of the executive's continued association and services to retain the executive's experience, skills, abilities, background, and knowledge. The employment is at-will, and the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. The terms of the agreement stipulate compensation, benefits, specific restrictive covenants, and Company obligations upon termination of the employment agreement, including severance pay calculated as twelve monthly payments of the executive's monthly base salary. 

to pre-tax income primarily due to a valuation allowance. The accounting estimates used to compute the provision for income taxes may change as new events occur, more experience is obtained, additional information becomes known, or the tax environment changes. 
 
 In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management must determine that there will be sufficient taxable income to realize deferred tax assets. Based upon the historical and anticipated future losses, management has determined that the deferred tax assets do not meet the more likely than not threshold for realizability. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against the Company s net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 On August 9, 2022, the U.S. Government enacted the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act CHIPS Act ). The CHIPS Act creates a 25 investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after December 31, 2022, and any impact to the Company would start in fiscal 2023. On August 16, 2022, the U.S. Government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act. The Inflation Reduction Act introduces a new 15 corporate minimum tax, based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations. Applicable corporations would be allowed to claim a credit for the minimum tax paid against regular tax in future years. The Inflation Reduction Act also includes an excise tax that would impose a 1 surcharge on stock repurchases. This excise tax is effective January 1, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the effect the CHIPS Act and the Inflation Reduction Act will have on its consolidated financial statements. At present, the Company does not expect that any of the provisions included in the two aforementioned pieces of legislation will result in a material impact to the Company s deferred tax assets, liabilities, or income taxes payable. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for years in which differences are expected to reverse. 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets for federal income taxes consisted of the following: 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Equity-based compensation 

Contribution carryforward 

NOL carryforward 

NEL carryforward 

R D credit 

Operating lease liability 

Capitalized research and development expense 

Total deferred tax assets 

Noncurrent deferred income tax liability arising from: 

Trade receivables and prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Operating lease ROU asset 

() 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net noncurrent deferred income tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net 

In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management must determine that there will be sufficient taxable income to realize deferred tax assets. Based upon the historical and anticipated future losses, management has determined that the deferred tax assets do not meet the more likely than not threshold for realizability. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against the Company s net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 The Company does not have unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, or 2021. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 The Company had net operating loss carryforwards NOL for federal and state income tax purposes at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 of approximately: 

State 

The net operating loss carryforwards generated before 2018 begin expiring in 2033 for federal and 2030 for state income tax purposes. Federal and state net operating losses generated in 2018 and into the future now have an indefinite life. 

The credit carryforwards begin expiring in 2038 for federal tax purposes. 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The NOL and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. NOL and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a three -year period in excess of 50 , as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), respectively, as well as similar state provisions. This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The annual limitation amount is determined based on the Company's value immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. To date, the Company has not performed an analysis to determine whether or not ownership changes have occurred since inception. 
 
 A reconciliation of income tax benefit at the statutory federal income tax rate and income taxes as reflected in the consolidated financial statements is as follows: 

() 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

Other 

Life insurance 

Provision to return true up 

() 

Research development credits 

() 

() 

Change in the valuation allowance 

PPP loan forgiveness 

() 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The Company s tax returns remain subject to examination; carryforward amounts from all tax years remain subject to adjustment. 
 
 Potential 382 Limitation 
 
 The Company s ability to utilize its net operating loss ("NOL") and research and development ("R D") credit carryforwards may be substantially limited due to ownership changes that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Code, as well as similar State provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of NOL and R D credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Code, results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three -year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percent of a company's outstanding stock by certain stockholders or public groups. 
 
 If the Company experiences an ownership change, utilization of the NOL or R D credit carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation, which is determined by first multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term, tax-exempt rate, and then could be subject to additional adjustments, as required. The Section 382 limitation is a limitation on the amount of a new loss corporation s post-change year taxable income that can be offset by the old loss corporation s pre-change NOLs. Any such limitation may result in the expiration of a portion of the Company's NOL or R D credit carryforwards before utilization. Any carryforwards that expire prior to utilization as a result of such limitations will be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction of the Company's deferred tax valuation allowance. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company's tax advisors completed a study to assess whether one or more ownership changes have occurred since the Company became a loss corporation under the definition of Section 382. It was determined that the Company has not experienced any "ownership changes" since 2014. If an "ownership change" occurs in the future, such change may result in the expiration of a portion of the Company's NOL or R D credit carryforwards before utilization. As a result of the Section 382 study, no amounts are being considered as an uncertain tax position or disclosed as an unrecognized tax benefit under ASC- 740. The Company has a full deferred tax valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal NOL and R D credit carryforwards of approximately and , respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income subject to any future "ownership change." 

Guerrilla RF, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

, and any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than of Guerrilla RF s pre-Merger capital stock, or an affiliate or immediate family member thereof, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Other than as described below, there have not been transactions to which we have been a party other than compensation arrangement s. 
 
 The following description is historical and has not been adjusted to give effect to the Merger. 
 
 2019 Notes 
 
 In March 2019, Guerrilla RF sold in a private placement an aggregate of million of term notes at an interest rate of per annum (each, a 2019 Note and collectively, the 2019 Notes ). Prior to the Merger, and in anticipation of the Merger and the related private placement offering, all of the 2019 Notes were amended to cause the principal amount to convert to shares of our common stock at per share, and at the time of the private placement offering, the principal amounts owed under the 2019 Notes were converted under those terms, and accrued interest owed under such 2019 Notes was paid. The following table sets forth the principal amount of the 2019 Notes, and the number of shares of our common stock into which they were converted upon the closing of the Merger, sold to our directors, executive officers or holders of more than of Guerrilla RF s pre-Merger capital stock, or an affiliate or immediate family member thereof. 
 
 Jeanne Pratt 
 Samuel W. Funchess 
 William H. Pratt 

AMB Notes 
 
 Guerrilla RF previously issued several promissory notes (the AMB Notes to AMB Investments LLC AMB Investments ), which holds more than of our outstanding capital stock. Certain of the AMB Notes were originally issued to Al Bodford, and each AMB Note originally issued to Al Bodford was assigned by him to AMB Investments in September 2021. The AMB Notes and their original terms are as follows: (i) Non-Negotiable Note dated March 27, 2017 issued to Al Bodford in the principal amount of accruing interest at the rate of per annum; (ii) Non-Negotiable Note dated March 12, 2018 issued to Al Bodford in the principal amount of accruing interest at the rate of per annum; (iii) Term Note dated March 31, 2019 issued to Al Bodford in the principal amount of accruing interest at the rate of per annum (a 2019 Note, discussed above); and (iv) Term Note dated April 15, 2020 issued to AMB Investments in the principal amount of accruing interest at the rate of per annum; and, (v) Term Note dated April 2, 2019 issued to CML Microcircuits (USA), Inc. (f/k/a CML Microsystems, Inc.) in the principal amount of and assigned to AMB Investments on October 15, 2021 a 2019 Note discussed above). Prior to the Merger, and in anticipation of the Merger and the private placement offering, all of the AMB Notes were amended to cause the principal amount to convert to shares of our common stock at per share, and upon the closing of the private placement offering, the principal amount owed under the AMB Notes was converted under those terms, and accrued interest owed under such AMB Notes was paid. 

Thompson Note 
 
 In July 2020, Guerrilla RF issued an unsecured Term Note (the Thompson Note to Greg Thompson, a member of our Board of Directors, in the principal amount of accruing interest at the rate of per annum. Prior to the Merger, and in anticipation of the Merger and the related private placement offering, the Thompson Note was amended to cause the principal amount to convert to shares of our common stock at per share, and upon the closing of the private placement offering, the principal amount owed under the Thompson Note was converted under those terms, and accrued interest owed thereunder was paid. 
 
 In July 2021, Mr. Thompson intended to enter into another promissory note with Guerrilla RF in the principal amount of accruing interest at the rate of per annum; however, Mr. Thompson decided not to enter into the transaction after he transmitted to Guerrilla RF. On September 30, 2021, Guerrilla RF remitted the of principal back to Mr. Thompson and accrued interest owed thereunder was paid ). 
 
 2021 Convertible Debt Financing 
 
 Between July 15, 2021 and October 1, 2021, Guerrilla RF sold an aggregate of of convertible promissory notes to ten accredited investors at an interest rate of per annum (each, a Convertible Note and collectively, the Convertible Notes ). The corresponding note purchase agreements provided for the mandatory conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock upon the closing of the Merger and the private placement offering at the offering price per share). 
 
 The following table sets forth the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, and the number of shares of our common stock into which they were converted upon the closing of the Merger, sold to our directors, executive officers or holders of more than of Guerrilla RF s pre-Merger capital stock, or an affiliate or immediate family member thereof. 
 
 Jeanne Pratt 
 William H. Pratt 

2021 Promissory Notes to Warrant Holders 
 
 In August 2021, Guerrilla RF issued promissory notes for an aggregate principal amount of approximately to the holders of its outstanding warrants (the 2021 Notes ). The 2021 Notes accrued interest at the rate of per annum until November 30, 2021 and at the rate of per annum thereafter. Immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, the warrants were exercised and the warrant exercise price paid in exchange for the cancelation of the 2021 Notes. The following table sets forth the principal amount of the 2021 Notes. 
 
 David Reich 
 Jason Bodford 

Participation in the Offerings 

Certain privately held Guerrilla RF, Inc.'s shareholders, including investors affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock in the private placement offering in the fourth quarter of 2021, for an aggregate gross purchase price of . Such purchases were made on the same terms as the shares that were sold to other investors in the private placement offering and not pursuant to any pre-existing contractual rights or obligations. 
 
 Certain existing Guerrilla RF, Inc. shareholders, including investors affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, purchased an aggregate of Units in the fourth quarter of 2022 in conjunction with the initial closing of the Company's private placement on December 30, 2022. 
 
 Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 
 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors adopted a charter in the fourth quarter of 2021, which requires that any transaction with a related person and any other potential conflict of interest situation must be reviewed, approved, and monitored by our Audit Committee. 

and of contributions to the plan in 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

million before deduction of estimated offering expenses of approximately 1.1 million. Of this amount, gross proceeds of million were received in an initial closing in late December 2022 and a further million in January and February 2023. A total of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock were issued after December 31, 2022 in connection with the subsequent closings held in January and February 2023. 
 
 New Facility Occupancy 
 
 The Company took occupancy of its new headquarters office building in February 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed the new landlord million related to agreed-upon excess construction costs, deferral fees, and interest for the new facility as construction-in-progress. The Company remitted payment to the landlord for these costs in January 2023. The Company anticipates at least another million of excess construction costs and related interest and deferral fees for which it will be responsible, and they will become due in the first half of 2023. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as set forth in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms promulgated by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

81

Table of Contents 

As a public company, we are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. The SEC defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2022, of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on this evaluation, management identified a deficiency in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. We have identified a deficiency in our internal controls over financial reporting we consider to be a material weakness related to our accounting policy and documentation of management's contemplation of the accounting treatment over leases and significant unusual transactions. Therefore, because management concluded this deficiency represents a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we are exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. A s a result, our independent registered public accounting firm has not audited or issued an attestation report with respect to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a number of changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, in order to respond to the material weaknesses identified as of the year ended December 31, 2021, we devoted significant effort and resources to remediate and improve our internal control over financial reporting. Our remediation steps included the retention of a public accounting firm to assist us with our tax accounting and tax provision calculations, the retention of an accounting advisory services consulting firm to assist us with evaluating and documenting the accounting treatment of significant unusual transactions, the enhancement of our procedures to evaluate and document the accounting treatment of significant unusual transactions including the utilization of an accounting research tool, the enhancement of our segregation of duties through a review and revision of information technology access rights, the enhancement and formalization of our financial reporting scheduling and closing calendar, and the enhancement of our secondary review process during our financial reporting process. We started implementing these remediation efforts during the first quarter of 2022, and we saw the impact of the improvements throughout 2022 and especially during the third and fourth quarters. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 

82

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 (a) Directors and Executive Officers The information required by this Item regarding directors, nominees and executive officers of the Company is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Proposal 1 Election of Directors and Executive Officers of the Company, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (b) Section 16(a) Compliance The information required by this Item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the section captioned Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (c) Audit Committee The information required by this Item regarding the Company s Audit Committee, including the Audit Committee financial expert, is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Board Committees Audit Committee and Board Committees Audit Committee Audit Committee Report, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (d) Code of Ethics The information required by this Item regarding the Company s code of ethics is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the section captioned Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Executive Compensation, Summary Compensation Table, Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End, and Director Compensation, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 

83

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Beneficial Ownership Table" which sections and Item are incorporated herein by reference. 

84

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Transactions with Related Persons, and Board Committees, which sections are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the section captioned Audit Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which section is incorporated herein by reference. Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , PCAOB Firm ID No. . 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements required in response to this item are filed in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

All consolidated financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among Laffin Acquisition Corp., Guerrilla RF Acquisition Co. and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 2.1 
 October 27, 2021 

3.1 
 Amended and restated certificate of incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 3.2 
 October 27, 2021 

3.2 
 Amended and restated bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 3.3 
 October 27, 2021 

4.1 
 Form of Lock Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 4.1 
 October 27, 2021 

4.2 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 4.2 
 October 27, 2021 

4.3 
 Description of Registrant's Securities 
 10-K 
 000-56238 
 4.3 
 April 1, 2022 

10.1+ 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2020, by and between Ryan Pratt and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.1 
 October 27, 2021 

10.2+ 
 Offer letter, dated June 14, 2019, by and between Mark Mason and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.2 
 October 27, 2021 

10.3+ 
 Offer letter, dated November 2, 2016, by and between John Berg and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.3 
 October 27, 2021 

85

Table of Contents 

10.4 
 Purchase and Sales Agreement, dated September 8, 2017, by and between Capital Business Funding, LLC and the Company, as modified by that certain Modification of Exhibit B, dated January 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.4 
 October 27, 2021 

10.5 
 Distributor Agreement, dated October 1, 2015, between Mouser Electronics, Inc. and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.5 
 October 27, 2021 

10.6 
 Distribution Agreement, dated July 11, 2016, by and between Richardson RFPD, Inc. and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.6 
 October 27, 2021 

10.7+ 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (directors and officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.7 
 October 27, 2021 

10.8+ 
 Form of Pre-Merger Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.8 
 October 27, 2021 

10.9 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.9 
 October 27, 2021 

10.10 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 22, 2021, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.10 
 October 27, 2021 

10.11+ 
 Guerrilla RF, Inc. 2014 Long Term Stock Incentive Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.11 
 October 27, 2021 

10.12+ 
 Form of award agreements under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.12 
 October27, 2021 

10.13 
 Lease by and between D W Investment Properties and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.13 
 October 27, 2021 

10.14 
 Lease Amendment, dated April 6, 2017, by and between D W Investment Properties and Guerrilla RF, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 10.14 
 October 27, 2021 

10.15+ 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and form of Stock Bonus Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021). 
 S-1/A 
 333-261860 
 10.15 
 December 23, 2021 

10.16+ 
 Offer letter, dated December 1, 2021, by and between Kellie Chong and Guerrilla RF, Inc. 

X 

10.17 
 Office Building Lease Agreement by and between Koury Corporation and Guerrilla RF, Inc. dated July 15, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022) . 
 10-Q 
 000-56238 
 10.17 
 November 10, 2022 

10.18 
 Amendment to Office Building Lease Agreement by and between Koury Corporation and Guerrilla RF, Inc. dated November 5, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022) . 
 10-Q 
 000-56238 
 10.18 
 November 10, 2022 

10.19 
 Second Amendment to Office Building Lease Agreement by and between Koury Corporation and Guerrilla RF, Inc. dated November 10, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022) . 
 10-Q 
 000-56238 
 10.19 
 November 10, 2022 

10.20 
 Third Amendment to Office Building Lease Agreement by and between Koury Corporation and Guerrilla RF, Inc. dated August 30, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022) . 
 10-Q 
 000-56238 
 10.20 
 November 10,2022 

16.1 
 Letter from Raich Ende Malter Co. LLP as to the change in certifying accountant, dated October 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 16.1 
 October 27, 2021 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 8-K 
 000-56238 
 21.1 
 October 27, 2021 

23.1 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

X 

86

Table of Contents 

31.1 
 Certification of Ryan Pratt, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 

31.2 
 Certification of John Berg, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 

32.1 
 Certification of Ryan Pratt, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 

32.2 
 Certification of John Berg, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 X 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 X 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 X 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 X 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 
 X 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 X 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 X 

+ 
 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. 

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with the rules of the SEC. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

87

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GUERRILLA RF, INC. 

Date: March 03, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Pratt 

Ryan Pratt Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ryan Pratt 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of 
 
 March 03, 2023 

Ryan Pratt 
 
 the Board of Directors 

Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John Berg 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 03, 2023 

John Berg 
 
 Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

/s/ Susan Barkal 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

Susan Barkal 

/s/ David Bell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

David Bell 

/s/ James E. Dunn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

James (Jed) E. Dunn 

/s/ William J. Pratt 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

William J. Pratt 

/s/ Gary Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

Gary Smith 

/s/ Virginia Summerell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

Virginia Summerell 

/s/ Greg Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 03, 2023 

Greg Thompson 

88

<EX-10.16>
 2
 ex_481871.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.16

ex_481871.htm 

Exhibit 10.16 

Guerrilla RF 

			 1196 Pleasant Ridge Rd., Suite 5 

			 Greensboro, NC 27409 

			 November 24, 2021 

Kellie Chong 

Dear Kellie Chong, 

It is our pleasure to confirm our offer of employment to you as Chief Business Office at Guerrilla RF. In this position, you will report directly to Ryan Pratt beginning January 17 th 2022 

Your salary will be 300,00.00 per year with paychecks issued bi-weekly. In addition to milestone adjustments, you will receive consideration on your hiring date anniversary for normal pay cycle salary increases. 

You will be eligible for medical, dental, vision, disability, and basic life insurance benefits beginning on your first day of employment, most of which are available to employees for no to little cost. 401K contributions will be in the first paycheck of the following month that you begin work. Guerrilla RF offers a generous Paid-Time-Off (PTO) policy with quarterly company holidays/shutdowns. 

Upon starting, you will be granted stock options for 130,000 shares that vest annually over a four year term. This grant is subject to the approval by our Board of Directors. You will also receive a 30,000.00 sign on bonus that will be added into your first paycheck. 

To confirm your acceptance of this offer of employment, please sign below and return by December 1st, 2021. You may scan or email your signed offer letter to dpratt@guerrilla-rf.com 

Desiree Pratt, HR Department 

Please note that Guerrilla RF is an at-will employer, meaning that either the company or any employee may terminate the employer-employee relationship at any time, for any reason. 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_447897.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_447897.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S 1 (No. 333 261860) and Form S 8 (Nos. 333 263024) of Guerrilla RF, Inc. (the "Company") of our reports dated March 3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph describing conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our report also contains an explanatory paragraph describing a change in accounting principle for leases due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP 
(Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 

Raleigh, North Carolina 

 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_447898.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_447898.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ryan Pratt, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guerrilla RF, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 03, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Ryan Pratt 

Ryan Pratt 

			 Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_447899.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_447899.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Berg, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guerrilla RF, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 03, 2023 

By: 

/s/ John Berg 

John Berg 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal Financial Officer and 

			 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_447900.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_447900.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Guerrilla RF, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 03, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Ryan Pratt 

Ryan Pratt 

			 President, Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_447901.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_447901.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Guerrilla RF, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 03, 2023 

By: 

/s/ John Berg 

John Berg 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal Financial Officer and 

			 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 guer-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 guer-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 guer-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 guer-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 guer-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

