<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1692787_0001692787-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14580495</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>343955</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2392935</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4892119</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3417207</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3281723</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001692787-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307162608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001692787-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kinetik Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				814675947
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38048
		FILM NUMBER:		23712958

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 POST OAK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-621-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 POST OAK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altus Midstream Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kayne Anderson Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001692787-23-000009.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 apa-20221231.htm
 10-K

apa-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of registrant as of June 30, 2022 Number of shares of registrant s Class A common stock, 0.0001 issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023 Number of shares of registrant s Class C common stock, 0.0001 issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Page GLOSSARY 
 ii 
 INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 
 PART I 1 and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 
 1 
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 24 
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 24 
 PART II 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 
 6. [RESERVED] 
 26 
 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 40 
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 44 
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 40 
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 41 
 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 42 
 PART III 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 43 
 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 43 
 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 43 
 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 43 
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 43 
 PART IV 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 44 
 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 46 
 SIGNATURES 
 47 

i 

GLOSSARY 
 The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and certain terms which are commonly used in the exploration, production, and midstream sectors of the oil and natural gas industry: 
 ASC . Accounting Standards Codification 
 ASU . Accounting Standards Update 
 Bbl. One stock tank barrel of 42 United States U.S. gallons liquid volume used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids 
 Bcf. One billion cubic feet 
 Bcf/d. One Bcf per day 
 Btu. One British thermal unit, which is the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water by one degree Fahrenheit 
 CODM . Chief Operating Decision Maker. 
 Delaware Basin . Located on the western section of the Permian Basin. The Delaware Basin covers a 6.4M acre area 
 FASB. Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 Field. An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition. The field name refers to the surface area, although it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations 
 Formation. A layer of rock which has distinct characteristics that differs from nearby rock 
 GAAP . United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 GHG. Greenhouse gas 
 LIBOR . London Interbank Offered Rate 
 MBbl. One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs 
 MBbl/d. One MBbl per day 
 Mcf. One thousand cubic feet of natural gas 
 Mcf/d. One Mcf per day 
 MMBtu. One million British thermal units 
 MMcf. One million cubic feet of natural gas 
 MMcf/d. One MMcf per day 
 MVC . Minimum volume commitments 
 NGLs. Natural gas liquids. Hydrocarbons found in natural gas, which may be extracted as liquefied petroleum gas and natural gasoline 
 Throughput. The volume of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, water and refined petroleum products transported or passing through a pipeline, plant, terminal or other facility during a particular period 
 SEC . United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SOFR . Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 WTI . West Texas Intermediate crude oil 
 ii 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, could, expect, intend, project, estimate, anticipate, plan, believe, continue, seek, guidance, might, outlook, possibly, potential, prospect, should, would, or similar terminology, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable under the circumstances, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, assumptions about: 
 the market prices of oil, natural gas, NGLs, and other products or services; 
 competition from other pipelines, terminals or other forms of transportation and competition from other service providers for gathering system capacity and availability; 
 production rates, throughput volumes, reserve levels, and development success of dedicated oil and gas fields; 
 our future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, compliance with debt covenants and competitive position; 
 our future revenues, cash flows and expenses; 
 our access to capital and its anticipated liquidity; 
 our future business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations; 
 the amount, nature and timing of our future capital expenditures, including future development costs; 
 the risks associated with potential acquisitions, divestitures, new joint ventures or other strategic opportunities; 
 the recruitment and retention of our officers and personnel; 
 the likelihood of success of and impact of litigation and other proceedings, including regulatory proceedings; 
 our assessment of our counterparty risk and the ability of our counterparties to perform their future obligations; 
 the impact of federal, state, and local political, regulatory and environmental developments where we conduct our business operations; 
 the occurrence of an extreme weather event, terrorist attack or other event that materially impacts project construction and our operations, including cyber or other attached on electronic systems; 
 our ability to successfully implement and execute our environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives and achieve the anticipated results of such initiatives; 
 our ability to successfully implement our share repurchase program; 
 our ability to integrate operations or realize any anticipated benefits, savings or growth of the Transaction (as defined herein). See Note 3 Business Combination in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in this Form 10-K; 
 the scope, duration and reoccurrence of any epidemics or pandemics (including, specifically, the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic or any related variants) and the actions taken by third parties in response to such epidemics or pandemics; 
 iii 

general economic and political conditions, including the armed conflict in Ukraine and the impact of continued inflation and associated changes in monetary policy; and 
 other factors disclosed under Part I Item 1A Risk Factors , Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Other factors or events that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from the Company s expectations may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors or events. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company, or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether based on changes in internal estimates or expectations, new information, future developments, or otherwise. 

iv 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEMS 1 and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 
 The Transaction 
 On February 22, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Kinetik Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation the Company , formerly known as Altus Midstream Company), consummated the business combination transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2021 (the Contribution Agreement ), by and among the Company, Altus Midstream LP (now known as Kinetik Holdings LP), a Delaware limited partnership and subsidiary of Altus Midstream Company (the Partnership ), New BCP Raptor Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Contributor ), and BCP Raptor Holdco, LP, a Delaware limited partnership BCP ). The transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement are referred to herein as the Transaction. 
 Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, in connection with the closing of the Transaction (the Closing ), (i) Contributor contributed all of the equity interests of BCP and BCP Raptor Holdco GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of BCP BCP GP and, together with BCP, the Contributed Entities ), to the Partnership; and (ii) in exchange for such contribution, the Partnership transferred to Contributor 50,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership Common Units and 50,000,000 shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class C Common Stock ). 
 The Company s public stockholders immediately prior to the Closing continued to hold their shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock, and together with the Company s Class C Common Stock, Common Stock ). As a result of the Transaction, immediately following the Closing (i) members of Contributor held approximately 75 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, (ii) Apache Midstream LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Apache Midstream ), held approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, and (iii) the Company s remaining stockholders held approximately 5 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock. 
 The Company completed a stock split in the form of a stock dividend on June 8, 2022 (the Stock Split ). All corresponding per-share and share amounts for periods prior to June 8, 2022 have been retrospectively restated elsewhere in this Form 10-K to reflect the Stock Split. However, the number of Common Units and shares of Class C Common Stock described in this Form 10-K in relation to the Transaction are presented at pre-Stock-Split amounts to be consistent with our previous public filings and the terms of the Contribution Agreement. 
 In connection with the closing of the Transactions, the Company changed its name from Altus Midstream Company ALTM to Kinetik Holdings Inc. Unless the context otherwise requires, ALTM refers to the registrant prior to the Closing and we, us, our, and the Company refer to Kinetik Holdings Inc., the registrant and its subsidiaries following the Closing. 
 Prior to the Closing, the Company s financial statements that were filed with the SEC were derived from ALTM s accounting records. As the Transaction was determined to be a reverse merger, BCP was considered the accounting acquirer and ALTM was the legal acquirer. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements herein include (1) BCP s net assets carried at historical value as of December 31, 2022 , (2) BCP s historical results of operations prior to the Transaction, (3) the ALTM s net assets carried at fair value as of the Closing Date and (4) the combined results of operations with the Company s results presented within the Consolidated Financial Statements from February 22, 2022 going forward. Refer to Note 2 Business Combination to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 Overview 
 We are an integrated midstream energy company in the Permian Basin providing comprehensive gathering, transportation, compression, processing and treating services. Our core capabilities include a variety of service offerings including natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, treating and processing; NGLs stabilization and transportation; produced water gathering and disposal; and crude oil gathering, stabilization, storage and transportation. We have approximately 2.0 billion cubic feet per day Bcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing capacity strategically located near the Waha Hub in West Texas. As measured by processing capacity, we are the second largest natural gas processor in the Delaware Basin and fourth largest across the entire Permian Basin. In addition, we have interests in four long-term contracted pipelines transporting natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast. 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Organizational Structure 
 The Company operates through its wholly own subsidiary Kinetik Holdings LP and its consolidated operating subsidiaries. The Company also owns equity interests in four Permian Basin pipelines that have access to various points along the Texas Gulf Coast. The Company s operations are strategically located in the heart of the Delaware Basin in the Permian and the Company s operational headquarters is located at 303 Veterans Airpark Lane in Midland, Texas 79705. The Company s corporate office is located at 2700 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 300, Houston, Texas 77056. The following chart summarizes our organizational structure as of December 31, 2022. For simplicity, certain entities and ownership interests have not been depicted. 
 
 Our Operating Segments and Properties 
 We have two reportable segments which are strategic business units with differing products and services. The activities of each of our reportable segments from which the Company earns revenues, records equity income or losses and incurs expenses are described below: 
 Midstream Logistics 
 The Midstream Logistics segment provides three service offerings: 1) gas gathering and processing, 2) crude oil gathering, stabilization and storage services and 3) water gathering and disposal. 
 Gas Gathering and Processing 
 
 The Midstream Logistics segment provides gas gathering and processing services with approximately 1,500 miles of low and high-pressure steel pipeline located throughout the Southern Delaware Basin. Gas processing assets are centralized at five processing complexes with total cryogenic processing capacity of approximately 2.0 Bcf/d: Diamond Cryogenic complex (600 MMcf/d), the Pecos Bend complex (540 MMcf/d), the East Toyah complex (460 MMcf/d), the Pecos complex (260 MMcf/d), and the Sierra Grande complex (60 MMcf/d). The Company expects to expand the Diamond Cryogenic complex to 720 MMcf/d by the end of the second quarter of 2023. Current residue gas outlets are the El Paso Natural Gas Pipeline, Energy Transfer Comanche Trail Pipeline, ONEOK Roadrunner Pipeline, Whitewater Aqua Blanca Pipeline, Permian Highway Pipeline LLC and the Company s wholly owned and operated Delaware Link Pipeline expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2023. NGLs outlets are Energy Transfer s Lone Star NGL Pipeline, Targa s Grand Prix NGL Pipeline and Enterprise s Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Crude Oil Gathering, Stabilization, and Storage Services 
 The Midstream Logistics segment provides crude oil gathering, stabilization and storage services throughout the Texas Delaware Basin. Crude gathering assets are centralized at the Caprock Stampede Terminal and the Pinnacle Sierra Grande Terminal. The system includes approximately 220 miles of gathering pipeline and 90,000 barrels of crude storage. The crude facilities have connections for takeaway transportation into Plains 285 Central Station and State Line and Oryx s Orla Central Mentone facilities. 
 Water Gathering and Disposal 
 In addition, the Midstream Logistics segment provides water gathering and disposal services through assets located in northern Reeves County, Texas. The system includes approximately 80 miles of gathering pipeline and approximately 490,000 barrels per day of permitted disposal capacity. 
 Pipeline Transportation 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned equity interests in four equity method interest EMI pipelines. Each EMI pipeline is operated by a third-party limited liability entity, as further described below. For a more in-depth discussion of the estimated capital resources, liquidity and timing associated with each EMI pipeline, please see Part IV, Item 15, Note 7 Equity Method Investments , set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During 2022, the Company acquired full ownership and operatorship of approximately 30 miles of 20-inch NGL pipeline connected to the Diamond Cryogenic complex called the Brandywine NGL Pipeline Brandywine and the Company s Delaware Link Pipeline has started construction. 
 Permian Highway Pipeline 
 
 The Company owns an approximately 53.3 equity interest in Permian Highway Pipeline LLC PHP ), which is also owned and operated by Kinder Morgan Texas Pipeline, LLC Kinder Morgan ). PHP transports natural gas from the Waha area in northern Pecos County, Texas to the Katy, Texas area with connections to Texas Gulf Coast and Mexico markets. PHP was placed in service in January 2021, with the total capacity of 2.1 Bcf/d fully subscribed under long-term contracts. In June 2022, PHP announced a final investment decision to proceed with its expansion project to increase total capacity to 2.65 Bcf/d fully subscribed under 10 year take or pay contracts. The expansion project will increase PHP s capacity by nearly 550 MMcf/d with a target in-service date in November 2023. Approximately 67 of the funding for the expansion project will be borne by the Company and the remainder by Kinder Morgan. As a result, following the in-service date of the expansion, Kinetik s ownership interest in PHP will increase to approximately 55.5 . 
 Gulf Coast Express Pipelin e 
 The Company owns a 16 equity interest in the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline GCX ), which is also owned and operated by Kinder Morgan. GCX transports natural gas from the Permian Basin in West Texas to Agua Dulce near the Texas Gulf Coast. GCX was placed in service during 2019, with the total capacity of 2.0 Bcf/d fully subscribed under long-term contracts. 
 Breviloba, LLC 
 The Company owns a 33 equity interest in the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline Shin Oak ), which is owned by Breviloba, LLC, and operated by Enterprise Products Operating LLC. Shin Oak transports NGLs from the Permian Basin to Mont Belvieu, Texas. Shin Oak was placed in service during 2019, with total capacity of up to 550 MBbl/d. 
 EPIC Crude Oil Pipeline 
 The Company owns a 15 equity interest in the EPIC Crude oil pipeline EPIC ), which is operated by EPIC Consolidated Operations, LLC. EPIC transports crude oil from Orla, Texas in Northern Reeves County to the Port of Corpus Christi, Texas. EPIC was placed in service early 2020, with initial throughput capacity of approximately 600 MBbl/d. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our ownership and capacity of properties in our Pipeline Transportation segment as of December 31, 2022: 
 Asset Ownership Interest Approximate Pipeline System Miles Capacity Pipeline Transportation PHP (1) 
 53.3 430 2.1 Bcf/d GCX 16 450 2.0 Bcf/d Shin Oak 33 658 550 MBbl/d EPIC 15 700 650 MBbl/d Brandywine 100 30 225 MBbl/d Delaware Link (2) 
 100 40 1.0 Bcf/d 
 (1) Upon completion of PHP expansion project, the pipeline capacity will increase to 2.65 Bcf/d and the Company s equity interest in PHP will increase to 55.5 . 
 (2) Delaware Link Pipeline is under construction and the project is expected to be complete in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Title to Properties and Permits 
 Certain of the pipelines connecting our facilities are constructed on rights-of-way granted by the apparent record owners of the property and in some instances these rights-of-way are revocable at the election of the grantor. In several instances, lands over which rights-of-way have been obtained could be subject to prior liens that have not been subordinated to the right-of-way grants. We have obtained permits from public authorities to cross over or under, or to lay pipelines in or along, watercourses, county roads, municipal streets and state highways and, in some instances, these permits are revocable at the election of the grantor. These permits may also be subject to renewal from time to time and we will generally seek renewal or arrange alternative means of transport through additional investment or commercial agreements. We have also obtained permits from railroad companies to cross over or under lands or rights-of-way, many of which are also revocable at the grantor s election. 
 We believe we have satisfactory permits and/or title to all our material rights-of-way. We also believe that we have satisfactory title to all our material assets. 
 Competition 
 The business of providing gathering, compression, processing and transmission services for natural gas and NGLs is highly competitive. The Company faces strong competition in obtaining natural gas and NGL volumes, including from major integrated and independent exploration and production companies, interstate and intrastate pipelines, and other companies that gather, compress, treat, process, transmit or market natural gas and NGLs. Competition for supplies is primarily based on geographic location of facilities in relation to production or markets, the reputation, efficiency and reliability of the midstream company, and the pricing arrangements offered by the midstream company. For areas where acreage is not dedicated to the Company, the Company will compete with similar enterprises in providing additional gathering, compression, processing and transmission services in the same area of operation. 
 Human Capital 
 We recognize that people are our greatest asset and their success is our success. We support our employees so they can deliver on our commitment to the highest standards of safety, performance, integrity and customer service. We strive to retain top talent by fostering a culture that promotes health and safety, employee inclusion and diversity and employee engagement and development. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 300 people that primarily support our operations. None of these employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we consider our employee relations to be good. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Health and Safety. We believe that a strong health and safety program leads to less workplace accidents and injuries, enhances productivity and morale and avoids disruption to the business. The bulk of our employees are field-based workers who face potential safety risks associated with driving long distances and working with heavy equipment and flammable and pressurized hydrocarbons. The Company s Environment, Health and Safety EHS Management System lays out our requirements, processes, and guidelines for process safety and occupational health and safety. We also have computer-based health and safety training, change management and reporting tools to make it easier to identify hazards and manage EHS issues across our business. We have a standardized, formal joint hazard analysis routine for employees. We continue to communicate regularly with our employees on health and safety issues and to provide training on various health and safety issues. We have set our safety targets for 2023 to have Total Recordable Incident Rate of less than 1.75 and total Motor Vehicle Incident Rate of less than 1.50. 
 Employee Inclusion and Diversity. In 2021, Kinetik introduced a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI Policy as part of our ongoing commitment to build an inclusive workplace, and the majority of our employees participated in DEI training, which covered topics such as hiring and unconscious bias. We also created a program to help employees learn from one another and from community leaders of various cultural groups. To further improve workplace gender balance, the Company s sustainability linked debt includes a target to increase the percentage of women on our senior leadership team from the current 7 to 20 by 2026. This is above our industry peer average of 17 women in senior leadership positions. 
 Employee Engagement and Development. We use a blend of formal and informal employee recognition strategies, including both monetary and non-monetary incentives. We recognize employee performance, service milestones and special occasions. We reward employees for operations-based milestones based on safety and regulatory compliance achievements and give awards for exceptional performance in safety, landowner engagement, innovative thinking, teamwork and customer service. We continuously enhance our training programs and provide regular performance and career development reviews to our employees to help them achieve their career goals. 
 Regulation of Operations 
 Natural Gas Pipeline Regulation 
 Under the Natural Gas Act NGA ), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC regulates the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce. Intrastate transportation of natural gas is largely regulated by the state in which such transportation takes place. To the extent that the Company s intrastate natural gas transportation systems transport natural gas in interstate commerce, the rates, terms and conditions of such services are subject to FERC jurisdiction under Section 311 of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 NGPA ). The NGPA regulates, among other things, the provision of transportation services by an intrastate natural gas pipeline on behalf of a local distribution company or an interstate natural gas pipeline. Under Section 311 of the NGPA, rates charged for interstate transportation must be fair and equitable, and amounts collected in excess of fair and equitable rates are subject to refund with interest. The terms and conditions of service set forth in the Company s statement of operating conditions for transportation service under Section 311 of the NGPA are also subject to FERC review and approval. Failure to observe the service limitations applicable to transportation services under Section 311, failure to comply with the rates approved by the FERC for Section 311 service, or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of service established in the pipeline s FERC-approved statement of operating conditions could result in a change of jurisdictional status and/or the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. 
 The Company s intrastate natural gas operations are also subject to regulation by various agencies in Texas, principally the Railroad Commission of Texas TRRC ). The Company s intrastate pipeline operations are also subject to the Texas Utilities Code and the Texas Natural Resources Code, as implemented by the TRRC. Generally, the TRRC is vested with authority to ensure that rates, operations and services of gas utilities, including intrastate pipelines, are just and reasonable and not discriminatory. The rates the Company charges for transportation services are deemed just and reasonable under Texas law unless challenged in a customer or TRRC complaint. Failure to comply with the Texas Utilities Code or the Texas Natural Resources Code can result in the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Gathering Regulation 
 Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from the jurisdiction of the FERC. The Company believes that its natural gas gathering pipelines meet the traditional tests the FERC has used to establish whether a pipeline is a gathering pipeline that is not subject to FERC jurisdiction. However, the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services has been the subject of substantial litigation and varying interpretations. In addition, the FERC s determinations as to whether a pipeline is a gathering pipeline are made on a case-by-case basis, so the classification and regulation of the Company s natural gas pipeline system could be subject to change based on future determinations by the FERC and the courts. State regulation of gathering facilities generally includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take requirements and complaint-based rate regulation. 
 The Company s natural gas gathering facilities are subject to regulation by the TRRC under the Texas Utilities Code and the Texas Natural Resources Code in the same manner as described above for intrastate pipeline transportation facilities. The Company s natural gas gathering pipeline system is also subject to ratable take and common purchaser statutes in Texas. The ratable take statute generally requires gatherers to take, without undue discrimination, natural gas production that may be tendered to the gatherer for handling. Similarly, the common purchaser statute generally requires gatherers to purchase without undue discrimination as to source of supply or producer. These statutes are designed to prohibit discrimination in favor of one producer over another producer or one source of supply over another source of supply. 
 Crude Oil and Natural Gas Liquids Pipeline Regulation 
 Transmission services rendered by the Company are subject to the regulation of the TRRC. The TRRC has the authority to regulate rates, though it generally has not investigated the rates or practices of intrastate pipelines in the absence of shipper complaints. 
 Pipeline Safety Regulations 
 Some of Company s pipelines are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation s DOT Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA pursuant to the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968 NGPSA ), with respect to natural gas, and the Hazardous Liquids Pipeline Safety Act of 1979 HLPSA ), with respect to NGLs. The NGPSA and HLPSA regulate safety requirements in the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of natural gas, crude oil, and NGL pipeline facilities, while the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 PSIA establishes mandatory inspections for all U.S. crude oil, NGL, and natural gas transmission pipelines in high consequence areas HCAs ), the violation of which can result in administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including civil fines, injunctions, or both. 
 PHMSA regularly revises its pipeline safety regulations. States are largely preempted by federal law from regulating pipeline safety for interstate lines but most are certified by the DOT to assume responsibility for enforcing federal intrastate pipeline regulations and inspection of intrastate pipelines. States may adopt stricter standards for intrastate pipelines than those imposed by the federal government for interstate lines; however, states vary considerably in their authority and capacity to address pipeline safety. State standards may include requirements for facility design and management in addition to requirements for pipelines. For example, recently, the TRRC adopted rules that require operators of natural gas and hazardous liquid gathering lines in rural areas to report accidents, conduct investigations and perform necessary corrective action. Due to the possibility of new or amended laws and regulations or reinterpretation of existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that future compliance with PHMSA or state requirements will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety 
 The Company complies with the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, with respect to OSHA hazard communication standards, the Company believes that its operations are in substantial compliance with OSHA requirements, including general industry standards, hazard communication, record keeping requirements and monitoring of occupational exposure to regulated substances. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our business operations are also subject to numerous environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations imposed at the federal, regional, state and local levels. The activities the Company conducts in connection with the gathering, compression, dehydration, treatment, processing and transportation of natural gas and gathering, stabilization, transportation and storage of crude oil are subject to, or may become subject to, stringent environmental regulation. The Company has implemented a number of programs and policies designed to monitor and pursue continued operation of our activities in a manner consistent with environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. To that end, the Company has incurred and will continue to incur operating and capital expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. Some of these environmental compliance costs may be material and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain existing environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations include the following U.S. legal standards, which may be amended from time to time: 
 the Clean Air Act CAA ), which restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources and imposes various pre-construction, operational, monitoring and reporting requirements, and which the EPA has relied upon as authority for adopting climate change regulatory initiatives relating to GHG emissions; 
 the Clean Water Act, which regulates discharges of pollutants to state and federal waters as well as establishing the extent to which waterways are subject to federal jurisdiction and rulemaking as protected waters of the United States; 
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where releases, or threatened releases, of such hazardous substances has occurred; 
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), which governs the generation, treatment, storage, transport and disposal of solid wastes, including hazardous wastes; 
 the Oil Pollution Act, which imposes liability for removal costs and damages arising from an oil spill in waters of the United States on owners and operators of onshore facilities, pipelines and other facilities; 
 the National Environmental Policy Act, which requires federal agencies to evaluate major agency actions that have the potential to significantly impact the environment, to include the preparation of an Environmental Assessment to assess potential direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts of the proposed project, and, if necessary, prepare a more detailed Environmental Impact Statement that may be made available to the public for comment; 
 the Safe Drinking Water Act, which ensures the quality of the nation s public drinking through adoption of drinking water standards and controlling the injection of waste fluids into below-ground formations that may adversely affect drinking water sources; 
 the Endangered Species Act, which imposes restrictions on activities that may adversely affect federally identified endangered and threatened species or their habitats, to include the implementation of operating restrictions or a temporary, seasonal or permanent ban in affected areas; 
 the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, which requires the implementation of a safety hazard communication program and the dissemination of information to employees, local emergency planning committees, and response departments on toxic chemicals use and inventories; 
 the Occupational Safety and Health Act, which establishes workplace standards for the protection of both the health and safety of employees, to include the implementation of hazard communications programs to inform employees about hazardous substances in the workplace, the potential harmful effects of those substances and appropriate control measures; and 
 the DOT regulations relating to the advancement of safe transportation of energy and hazardous materials and emergency response preparedness. 
 These environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations generally restrict the level of substances generated as a result of the Company s operations that may be emitted to the ambient air, discharged to surface water, and disposed or released to surface and below-ground soils and groundwater. There are also state and local jurisdictions where we operate in the U.S. that have, are developing, or are considering developing, similar environmental and occupational health and safety laws. Any failure by the Company to comply with these laws and regulations could result in adverse effects upon our business to include the (i) assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil, and criminal penalties; (ii) imposition of investigatory, remedial, and corrective action obligations or the incurrence of capital expenditures; (iii) occurrence of delays or cancellations in the permitting, development or expansion of projects; and (iv) issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting some or all of our activities in a particular area. Some environmental laws provide for citizen suits which allow for environmental organizations to act in place of the government and sue operators for alleged violations of environmental law. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is not clearly known nor determinable as existing standards are subject to change and new standards continue to evolve. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental laws and regulations are frequently subject to change. More stringent environmental laws that apply to our operations and the operations of our customers may result in increased and material operating costs and capital expenditures for compliance, including, but not limited to, those related to the emission of GHGs and climate change. As a result, we cannot predict the scope of any final methane regulatory requirements or the cost to comply with such requirements. However, given the long-term trend toward increasing regulation, future federal GHG regulations of the oil and gas industry remain a significant possibility. 
 We own and operate several assets that have been used for crude oil and natural gas midstream services. Under environmental laws such as CERCLA and RCRA, the Company could incur strict, joint and several liability for remediating hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or wastes or other emerging contaminants, such as per- and poly-fluoroalkyl (PFAS), that may become subject to regulation. We could also incur costs related to the cleanup of third-party sites to which we sent regulated substances for disposal or to which we sent equipment for cleaning, and for damages to natural resources or other claims relating to releases of regulated substances at or from such third-party sites. 
 Trends in environmental and worker health and safety regulation over time has been to typically place increasing restrictions and limitations on activities that could result in adverse effects to the environment or expose workers to injury. These changes in environmental and worker safety laws and regulations, or reinterpretations or enforcement policies that may arise in the future and result in increasingly stringent or costly waste management or disposal, pollution control, remediation or worker health and safety-related requirements, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. We may not have insurance or be fully covered by insurance against all risks relating to environmental or occupational health and safety, and we may be unable to pass on the increased cost of compliance arising from such risks to our customers. We regularly review regulatory and environmental issues as they pertain to the Company and we consider these as part of our general risk management approach. 
 Insurance 
 Our business has operating risks normally associated with the gathering, stabilization, transportation and storage of crude oil and gathering, compression, dehydration, treatment, processing and transportation of natural gas, which could cause damage to life or property. In accordance with industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, potential operating losses. For some operating risks, the Company may not obtain insurance if the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented; in such a case, if a significant operating accident or other event occurs which is not fully covered by the insurance the Company has, this could adversely affect our operations and business. As we continue to grow, we will continue to evaluate our policy limits and deductibles as they relate to the overall cost and scope of our insurance program. 
 Environment, Social and Governance Considerations 
 Overview 
 The Company strongly values ethics, responsibility and integrity. The Company s environmental, social and governance policies are designed to ensure that our employees, officers and directors conduct business with the highest standards of integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. In July of 2022, the Company published its fiscal year 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Report after Closing of the Transaction. The Report focused on four key areas: Governance, Our Environment, People and Community Engagement. 
 Governance 
 We have a Board of Directors (the Board that includes an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Governance and Sustainability Committee. The Company has developed an Enterprise Risk Management ERM program across all functional areas and mechanisms for identifying, prioritizing, and mitigating risks. We evaluate risks across the enterprise on a regular basis, examining the potential impact to our operating flexibility, along with the financial and reputational impact of such risks. Our Audit Committee of the Board has ultimate oversight over the ERM process, providing ongoing assessments of the company s risk management processes and system of internal control. Our Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Accounting Officer has functional oversight of the Enterprise Risk function. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 As a company that manages critical infrastructure for the energy sector, cybersecurity is of great concern to our organization, and we aim to protect our systems, networks and programs from digital attacks. We adhere to external cybersecurity standards, such as National Institute of Standards and Technology and ISO frameworks, along with Sarbanes-Oxley controls in our accounting system. We have multifactor authentications for all users, a 180-day password change policy, separation of duties in accounting systems, controlled access to network drives endpoint protection, mobile device management, device encryption and ongoing monitoring of threats. All our plant sites have devices that help control third-party access to our plant systems and also provide 24/7 monitoring of our infrastructure. We also have mandatory training for our employees on Security Awareness twice a year, using a library of cybersecurity training modules. 
 The Company believes that our employees, officers, directors, and contractors should conduct business with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and government requirements. Our Code of Business Conduct outlines the requirements that all our employees and contractors must follow to conduct business fairly and ethically. The Company also recognizes the importance of receiving, retaining and addressing concerns from our directors, officers, employees and other stakeholders seriously and expeditiously. We use a confidential third-party Ethics Hotline and a web-based message interface to enable anyone to report concerns. 
 Environmental Responsibility 
 The Company is committed to being a good steward of the environment. Our primary focus is on air quality, emissions and land use/disturbance(s) in and around our pipelines and processing facilities, both during construction and operation. Our EHS management system focuses on continuous improvement and pulls on principles identified in API RP 1173 Pipeline Safety Management Systems and ISO 14001:2015-Environmental Management Systems. Our ongoing environmental goals include: 1) Zero fines - Operate without any fines or similar types of penalties from our regulatory agencies; 2) Continuously reduce the number of agency reportable loss of primary containment or releases compared to the prior year; 3) Extensively train all operations employees on our EHS management system, with a focus on Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) and environmental control devices; and 4) Continuously reduce our methane intensity compared to prior years. 
 Methane is a potent GHG, with 25 times more heat trapping ability than carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Therefore, we focus on ensuring that any natural gas that we transport stays in our system. We use a combination of constant and intermittent monitoring to reduce leaks, including pressurized trucks, storage tank emission control devices, LDAR, optical gas imaging cameras and participating in industry flyovers with an infrared imaging spectrometer to characterize emission sources and determine any areas for remediation and repair. To continue reducing our direct emissions from operations, we have been investing in energy efficient equipment, including electric pumps and electric drive gas and refrigeration compressors. We were the first major gathering and processing company in the Permian Basin to announce our commitment to source renewable energy for 100 of the electricity used in our operations. 
 In addition to emission reduction efforts observed in operation, we further link employee remuneration and our debt capital structure to achievement of specific ESG goals. In 2022, all salaried employees, including executives, had 20 of their at-risk pay tied to the achievement of specific ESG goals. In May 2022, we published our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework which establishes key-performance indicators KPIs that will be used to measure our progress against sustainability performance targets SPTs ): (1) a 35 reduction to Kinetik s GHG emissions intensity ratio from 2021 baseline levels by 2030; (2) a 30 reduction to Kinetik s methane emissions intensity from 2021 baseline levels by 2030; and (3) 20 representation of women in senior leadership positions by 2026. After completion of our comprehensive refinancing in June 2022, we are proud to say that 100 of Kinetik s total debt capital and commitments, representing over 4.0 billion is tied to achieving specific sustainability performance goals as defined in respective debt agreements, which are aligned with the SPTs in our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
 We also recognize that we cannot tackle climate change alone. Since 2020, the Company has been a member of Our Nation s Energy Future ONE Future ), a growing coalition of over 50 companies committed to voluntarily reducing methane emissions across the natural gas value chain to 1 or less by 2025. By joining, the Company has committed to meeting the lowest methane intensity targets set by ONE Future for the natural gas gathering and processing segments. We are also active members of The Environmental Partnership and GPA Midstream Association. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 When we make plans to construct new or expand existing assets or facilities, our assets and pipelines are included as part of an Asset Integrity Management Program, through which we account for the overall environmental footprint of a project throughout its lifecycle to identify, prioritize, and manage or mitigate potential impacts. We currently have approximately 1,700 miles of pipe, most of which is under 10 years old. To ensure safe and efficient operations, we monitor our pipeline systems with a risk-based inspection schedule based on the potential for internal or external corrosion, soil erosion, adverse weather conditions, or potential for damage from construction by others in the vicinity of our assets. Pipelines are patrolled by operations personnel on the ground and monitored through Gas Control data monitoring systems and by air, including biweekly aerial patrols and routine flyovers of our regulated pipelines. We also utilize various advanced technology emissions monitoring systems throughout our assets and are continuously expanding implementation of such devices. In addition, we are accessible to landowners in case they detect any damage or spills. 
 The Company believes that its operations are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental regulations and attempts to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and plan accordingly. While any new or amended laws and regulations or reinterpretation of existing laws and regulations would not be expected to be any more burdensome to the Company than to other, similarly situated operators, there can be no assurance that future compliance with any new environmental requirements will not have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Social Responsibility 
 We recognize that people are our greatest asset - and that their success is our success. We prioritize a safe working environment and offer a comprehensive suite of benefits to all our employees to ensure the well-being and development of our people. See additional information regarding employee initiatives in Part I Item 1 . and 2. Business and Proper ties Hu man Capital in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We recognize we have an intrinsic connection with our communities; as such, we continue to encourage our team to give back to the communities where they live and work, providing employees with 8 hours of paid volunteer time each year. We expanded our Community Investment Program to address various needs identified by our employees and our communities. We continue to focus our program on the thematic areas of local public education, environmental activities, business entrepreneurship in the local community, support of authorized emergency responders, support of at-risk individuals and support of local healthcare providers. Furthermore, we try to source goods and services for our company locally in Texas or New Mexico, to the extent possible, which helps to reduce lead times, shipping and storage, and also helps to build the economic resilience of our communities. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s website is www.kinetik.com. The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Proxy Statements, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and other filings with the SEC are available at https://ir.kinetik.com/overview/default.aspx under the heading Financials - SEC Filings , as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition to reports filed or furnished with the SEC, we publicly disclose material information from time to time in press releases, at annual meetings of shareholders, in publicly accessible conferences and investor presentations, and through our website. In addition, the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Governance and Sustainability Committee, and other corporate governance materials are available on the Investor Relations section of the Company s website. The information contained on the Company s website as referenced in this report is not, and should not be deemed to be, part of this report. 
 
 Request of a copy of any of the above-referenced reports and corporate governance documents may be directed in writing to: Investor Relations, Kinetik Holdings Inc., 2700 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 300 Houston, TX 77056 or by calling (713) 621-7330. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The Company s operating assets are currently located exclusively in the Permian Basin, making it vulnerable to risks associated with operating in a single geographic area. 
 
 The Company s wholly owned midstream assets are currently located exclusively in the Delaware Basin which is part of the broader Permian Basin. As a result of this concentration, the Company will be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, obtaining rights-of-way, market limitations, water shortages or restrictions, drought related conditions, or other weather-related conditions or interruption of the processing or transportation of crude oil, natural gas and water. If any of these factors were to impact the Permian Basin more than other producing regions, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected relative to other midstream companies that have a more geographically diversified asset portfolio. 
 
 Because of the natural decline in hydrocarbon production from existing wells, the Company s success depends, in part, on its ability to maintain or increase hydrocarbon throughput volumes on its midstream systems, which depends on its customers levels of development and completion activity on its dedicated acreage. 
 
 The level of crude oil and natural gas volumes handled by the Company s midstream systems depends on the level of production from crude oil and natural gas wells dedicated to its midstream systems, which may be less than expected and which will naturally decline over time. To maintain or increase throughput levels on its midstream systems, the Company must obtain production from wells completed by customers on acreage dedicated to its midstream systems or execute agreements with other third parties in its areas of operation. 
 The Company has no control over producers levels of development and completion activity in its areas of operation, the amount of reserves associated with wells connected to its systems, or the rate at which production from a well declines. In addition, the Company has no control over producers or their exploration and development decisions, which may be affected by, among other things: 
 
 the availability and cost of capital; 
 demand for and the prevailing and projected prices of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 political and economic conditions and events in foreign oil, natural gas and NGL producing countries, including embargoes, disrupted global supply chains, continued hostilities in the Middle East and other sustained military campaigns, the armed conflict in Ukraine and associated economic sanctions on Russia; 
 increase in interest rates and rising or sustained inflation; 
 levels of reserves; 
 geologic considerations; 
 changes in the strategic importance customers assign to development in the Delaware Basin as opposed to other potential future operations they may acquire, which could adversely affect the financial and operational resources such customers are willing to devote to development of their acreage in the Permian Basin; 
 increased levels of taxation related to the exploration and production of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 environmental or other governmental regulations, including those related to the prorationing of oil and gas production, the availability of permits, the regulation of hydraulic fracturing, and a governmental determination that multiple facilities are to be treated as a single source for air permitting purposes; and 
 the costs of producing and ability to produce crude oil, natural gas and NGLs and the availability and costs of drilling rigs, pipeline transportation facilities and other equipment. 
 
 Due to these and other factors, even if reserves are known to exist in areas served by the Company s midstream assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. If producers choose not to develop their reserves or they choose to slow their development rate in the Company s areas of operation, utilization of its midstream systems will be below anticipated levels. Reductions in development activity, coupled with the natural decline in production from its current dedicated acreage, would result in the Company s inability to maintain the then-current levels of utilization of its midstream assets, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy. We may experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions. 
 
 Part of the Company s business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses and assets. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to find complementary acquisition targets or complete such acquisitions or achieve the desired results from any acquisitions we do complete. Any acquired businesses or assets will be subject to many of the same risks as our existing businesses and may not achieve the levels of performance that we anticipate. 
 
 We may not realize anticipated operating advantages and cost savings. Integration of acquired businesses or assets involves a number of risks, including (i) the loss of key customers of the acquired business; (ii) demands on management related to the increase in our size; (iii) the diversion of management s attention from the management of daily operations; (iv) difficulties in implementing or unanticipated costs of accounting, budgeting, reporting, internal controls and other systems; and (v) difficulties in the retention and assimilation of necessary employees. 
 
 Difficulties in integration may be magnified if we make multiple acquisitions over a relatively short period of time. Because of difficulties in combining and expanding operations, we may not be able to achieve the cost savings and other size-related benefits that we hoped to achieve after these acquisitions, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company owns interests in certain pipeline projects and other joint ventures, and it may in the future enter into additional joint ventures, and the Company s control of such entities is limited by provisions of the limited partnership and limited liability company agreements of such entities and by the Company s percentage ownership in such entities. 
 
 The Company has ownership interests in several joint ventures, including the PHP, GCX, Breviloba and EPIC joint ventures, and it may enter into other joint venture arrangements in the future. While the Company owns equity interests and has certain voting rights with respect to its joint ventures, it does not act as operator of or control the joint ventures, each of which is operated by another joint venture partner. The Company has limited ability to influence the business decisions of these entities, and it may therefore be difficult or impossible for the Company to cause the joint venture to take actions that the Company believes would be in its or the relevant joint venture s best interests. Moreover, joint venture arrangements involve various risks and uncertainties, such as committing the Company to fund operating and/or capital expenditures, the timing and amount of which the Company may not control, and which could materially and adversely affect its cash flow. 
 
 The Company also may be unable to control the amount of cash it will receive from the operation of these entities, which could further adversely affect its cash flow. Joint venture arrangements may also restrict the Company s operational and organizational flexibility and its ability to manage risk, which could have a material and adverse effect on its business, cash flow and results of operations. 
 
 If the third-party pipelines interconnected, or at some future point expected to be interconnected, to the Company s pipelines become unavailable to transport or store crude oil, NGLs or natural gas, the Company s revenue and available cash could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company depends upon third-party downstream pipelines and associated operations to provide delivery options from its processing system. Because the Company does not control these pipelines and associated operations, their continuing operation is not within its control. If any downstream pipeline were to become unavailable for current or future volumes due to repairs, damage to the facility, force majeure, lack of capacity, shut in by regulators, failure to meet quality requirements or any other reason, the Company s ability to operate efficiently and continue shipping crude oil, natural gas and refined products to major demand centers could be restricted, thereby reducing revenue. Any temporary or permanent interruption at these pipelines could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s customers may suspend, reduce or terminate their obligations under the Company s commercial agreements with them in certain circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 The Company has entered into gas gathering, compression and processing agreements, crude oil gathering agreements, and produced water gathering and disposal agreements with its customers, which include provisions that permit the customer to suspend, reduce or terminate its obligations under each agreement if certain events occur. These events include non-performance by the Company and force majeure events which are out of the Company s control. The customers have the discretion to make such decisions notwithstanding the fact that they may significantly and adversely affect the Company. Any such reduction, suspension or termination of these customers obligations under their commercial agreements could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 Increased competition from other companies that provide midstream services, or from alternative fuel sources, could have a negative impact on the demand for the Company s services, which could materially and adversely affect its financial results. 
 
 The Company will compete for third-party customers primarily with other crude oil and natural gas gathering and transportation systems and produced water service providers. Some of its competitors may now, or in the future, have access to greater supplies of crude oil, natural gas and produced water than the Company does. Some of these competitors may expand or construct gathering systems or other pipeline transportation facilities that would create additional competition for the services the Company would provide to third party customers. In addition, potential third-party customers may develop their own gathering systems or pipeline transportation facilities instead of using the Company s systems. 
 
 Further, hydrocarbon fuels compete with other forms of energy available to end-users, including renewable electricity and coal. Increased demand for such other forms of energy at the expense of hydrocarbons could lead to a reduction in demand for the Company s services. 
 
 All these competitive pressures could make it more difficult for the Company to attract new customers as it seeks to expand its business, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, competition could intensify the negative impact of factors that decrease demand for crude oil, natural gas and produced water services in the markets served by its systems, such as adverse economic conditions, weather, higher fuel costs and taxes or other governmental or regulatory actions that directly or indirectly increase the cost or reduce demand for its services. 
 
 The Company s exposure to commodity price risk may change over time and the Company cannot guarantee the terms of any existing or future agreements for its midstream services with its customers. 
 
 The Company currently generates revenues pursuant to a variety of different contractual arrangements, including fee-based agreements based on volumetric fees, keep-whole arrangements used for processing services, percent-of-proceeds arrangements based on a percent of the proceeds from the sale of gathering and processing outputs on behalf of a producer and percent-of-products arrangements in which the Company is assigned a portion of the natural gas it gathers and processes as partial compensation. Consequently, the Company s existing operations and cash flow have limited direct exposure to commodity price risk. However, the Company s customers are exposed to commodity price risk, and extended reduction in commodity prices could reduce the production volumes available for the Company s midstream services in the future below expected levels. In addition, in the past, excess capacity has created a highly competitive environment that has decreased commodity price differentials between the Permian Basin and end markets, which has reduced the demand for the Company's services resulting in decreases in volumes transported and lower rates the Company is able to charge to its customers. Although the Company intends to maintain these pricing terms on both new contracts and existing contracts for which prices have not yet been set, its efforts to negotiate such terms may not be successful, which could materially and adversely affect its business. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The use of derivative financial instruments could result in material financial losses by us. 
 
 From time to time, the Company has sought to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices and interest rates by using derivative instruments. To the extent that we hedge our commodity price and interest rate exposures, we will forego the benefits we would otherwise experience if commodity prices or interest rates were to change in our favor. In addition, hedging activities can result in losses that might be material to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such losses could occur under various circumstances, including those situations where a counterparty does not perform its obligations under a hedge arrangement, the hedge is not effective in mitigating the underlying risk, or our risk management policies and procedures are not followed. Adverse economic conditions (e.g., a significant decline in energy commodity prices that negatively impacts the cash flows of oil and gas producers) increase the risk of nonpayment or performance by our hedging counterparties. 
 
 The Company s construction of new midstream assets may be subject to new or additional regulatory, environmental, political, contractual, legal and economic risks, which could materially and adversely affect its cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The construction of additions or modifications to the Company s existing systems and the expansion into new production areas to service its customers involve numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties beyond the Company s control and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital, and the Company may not be able to construct in certain locations due to setback requirements or expand certain facilities that are deemed to be part of a single source. Regulations clarifying how crude oil and natural gas production facility emissions must be aggregated under the federal Clean Air Act permitting program were finalized in June 2016. This action clarified certain permitting requirements yet could still impact permitting and compliance costs. As the Company builds infrastructure to meet its customers needs, it may not be able to complete such projects on schedule, at the budgeted cost, or at all. 
 
 The Company s revenues may not increase immediately (or at all) upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. For instance, if the Company builds additional gathering assets, the construction may occur over an extended period of time and it may not receive any material increases in revenues until the project is completed or at all. The Company may construct facilities to capture anticipated future production growth from its customers in an area where such growth does not materialize. As a result, new midstream assets may not be able to attract enough throughput to achieve their expected investment return, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 The construction of additions to the Company s existing assets may require it to obtain new rights-of-way, surface use agreements or other real estate agreements prior to constructing new pipelines or facilities. The Company may be unable to timely obtain such rights-of-way to connect new crude oil, natural gas and water sources to its existing infrastructure or capitalize on other attractive expansion opportunities. Additionally, it may become more expensive for the Company to obtain new rights-of-way or to expand or renew existing rights-of-way, leases or other agreements. If the cost of renewing or obtaining new agreements increases, the Company s cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The Company s business involves many hazards and operational risks, some of which may not be fully covered by insurance. The occurrence of a significant accident or other event that is not fully insured could curtail its operations and materially and adversely affect its cash flow. 
 
 The Company s operations are subject to all the hazards inherent in the gathering and transportation of crude oil, natural gas and produced water, including: 
 
 damage to pipelines, compressor stations, centralized gathering facilities, pump stations, storage terminals, related equipment, and surrounding properties caused by design, installation, construction materials or operational flaws, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, acts of third parties or other unforeseen circumstances. 
 leaks of crude oil, natural gas or NGLs or losses of crude oil, natural gas or NGLs as a result of the malfunction of, or other disruptions associated with, equipment, facilities or pipelines; 
 fires, ruptures and explosions; and 
 other hazards that could also result in personal injury and loss of life, pollution and suspension of operations. 
 
 The Company may elect to not obtain insurance, maintain a self-insured retention or increase deductibles for any or all of these risks if it believes that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 A shortage of equipment and skilled labor could reduce equipment availability and labor productivity and increase labor and equipment costs, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s gathering and other midstream services require special equipment and laborers who are skilled in multiple disciplines, such as equipment operators, mechanics and engineers, among others. If the Company experiences shortages of necessary equipment or skilled labor in the future, its labor and equipment costs and overall productivity could be materially and adversely affected. If the Company s equipment or labor prices increase or if the Company experiences materially increased health and benefit costs for employees, its business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Environmental and Regulatory Risk Factors Related to the Company 
 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated environment and its business and profitability could be adversely affected by actions by governmental entities, changes to current laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with laws or regulations. 
 
 The Company s business is highly regulated and subject to numerous governmental laws, rules, regulations and requires permits, authorizations and various governmental and agency approvals, in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates, that impose various restrictions and obligations that may have material effects on the Company s business and results of operations. Each of the applicable laws or regulatory requirements and limitations is subject to change, either through new laws or regulations enacted on the federal, state or local level, or by new or modified regulations that may be implemented under existing law. The nature and extent of any changes in these laws, rules, regulations and permits may be unpredictable, have retroactive effects and may have material effects on the Company s business and profitability. Future legislation and regulations or changes in existing legislation and regulations, or interpretations thereof, could cause additional expenditures, tax liabilities, restrictions and delays in connection with the Company s current business as well as future projects, the extent of which cannot be predicted and which may require the Company to limit substantially, delay or cease operations in some circumstances. 
 
 The Company s sales of oil, natural gas, and NGLs are subject to market manipulation requirements promulgated by FERC pursuant to the authority delegated to it by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 EPAct 2005 ). The EPAct 2005 amended the NGA and NGPA to give FERC authority to impose civil penalties for violations of these statutes and regulations. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC also holds authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities market pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act. The Company believes, however, that neither the EPAct 2005, nor the regulations promulgated by FERC as a result of the EPAct 2005, nor the regulations promulgated by the CFTC will affect it in a way that materially differs from the way they affect other sellers of oil, natural gas, or NGLs with which the Company competes. 
 
 For a general overview of federal, state and local regulation applicable to the Company s assets, see the Regulation section included within Part I, Items 1 and 2 of this annual report. This regulatory oversight can affect certain aspects of the Company s business and the market for its products and could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Rate regulation, challenges by shippers to the rates the Company charges on its pipelines or changes in the jurisdictional characterization of some of the Company s assets by federal, state or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of its assets, which may cause its operating expenses to increase, limit the rates it charges for certain services and decrease the amount of cash flow. 
 
 Natural gas and crude oil gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny at the federal and state level. Therefore, the Company s natural gas and crude oil gathering operations could be adversely affected should they become subject to the application of federal or state regulation of rates and services. The Company s gathering operations could also be subject to safety and operational regulations relating to the design, construction, testing, operation, replacement and maintenance of gathering facilities. Intrastate transportation of NGLs and crude oil may also receive greater regulatory scrutiny at the federal and state level. The Company s intrastate NGL transportation services are subject to the TRRC regulations and must be provided in a manner that is just, reasonable and non-discriminatory. Such operations could be subject to additional regulation if the NGLs and crude oil are transported in interstate or foreign commerce, whether by the Company s pipelines or other means of transportation. The Company cannot predict what effect, if any, such changes might have on its operations, but it could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased operating costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s midstream and intrastate transportation and storage services that are regulated are generally subject to rate regulation and the regulation of the terms and conditions of service. If we do not comply with this regulation, we may be subject to claims for refunds of amounts charged, the modification, cancellation or suspension of a permit or other authorization, civil penalties and other relief. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to these matters are considered or adopted from time to time. The Company cannot predict what effect, if any, such changes might have on its operations, but the industry could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes. 
 
 Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety, which are often subject to change, may result in more stringent regulations or enforcement and could subject the Company to increased operational costs, increased capital costs and potential operational delays. 
 
 Some of the Company s pipelines are subject to regulation by the PHMSA pursuant to the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968 NGPSA ), with respect to natural gas, and the HLPSA, with respect to crude oil and NGLs. Both the NGPSA and the HLPSA were amended by the Pipeline Safety Act of 1992, the Accountable Pipeline Safety and Partnership Act of 1996, the PSIA, as reauthorized and amended by the Pipeline Inspection, Protection, Enforcement and Safety Act of 2006, and the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011. The NGPSA and HLPSA regulate safety requirements in the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of natural gas, crude oil and NGL pipeline facilities, while the PSIA establishes mandatory inspections for all U.S. crude oil, NGL and natural gas transmission pipelines in HCAs. 
 
 PHMSA has developed regulations that require pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including more frequent inspections and other measures to ensure pipeline safety in HCAs. The regulations require operators, including the Company, to: 
 
 perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; 
 identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact an HCA; 
 improve data collection, integration and analysis; 
 repair and remediate pipelines as necessary; and 
 implement preventive and mitigating actions. 
 
 PHMSA may revise these standards from time-to-time. For example, in October 2019, PHMSA published three final rules that create or expand reporting, inspection, maintenance and other pipeline safety obligations. Additional future regulatory action expanding PHMSA s jurisdiction and imposing stricter integrity management requirements is possible. For instance, following the passage of Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2020, operators of jurisdictional pipelines were required to update their inspection and maintenance plans to identify procedures to prevent and mitigate both vented and fugitive pipeline methane emission by the end of 2021. Separately, the U.S. Congress reauthorized PHMSA through 2023 as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 and directed the agency to move forward with several regulatory actions. In November 2021, PHMSA released a final rule expanding the definition of regulated gathering pipelines and imposing safety measures on certain previously unrelated gathering pipelines, to include criteria for inspection and repair of fugitive emissions. The final rule also imposes reporting requirements on all gathering pipelines, and specifically requires operators to report safety information to PHMSA. More recently, in August 2022, PHMSA published a final rule expanding the Management of Change process, extending corrosion requirements for gas transmission pipelines, adding requirements that operators ensure no conditions exist following an extreme weather event that could adversely affect the safe operation of the pipeline and adopting repair criteria for non-HCAs similar to those applicable to HCAs. The adoption of laws or regulations that apply more comprehensive or stringent safety standards could require the Company to install new or modified safety controls, pursue new capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, all of which could require the Company to incur increasing operating costs that may be significant. Further, should the Company fail to comply with PHMSA or comparable state regulations, it could be subject to substantial fines and penalties. 
 
 Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in crude oil and natural gas production by the Company s customers, which could reduce the throughput on its gathering and other midstream systems, which could adversely impact its revenues. 
 
 The Company does not conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, but substantially all the saltwater, crude oil and natural gas production of its customers is developed from unconventional sources that require hydraulic fracturing as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing is a well stimulation process that utilizes large volumes of water and sand combined with fracturing chemical additives that are pumped at high pressure to crack open previously impenetrable rock to release hydrocarbons. There has been increasing public controversy regarding hydraulic fracturing with regard to the use of fracturing fluids, induced seismic activity, impacts on drinking water supplies, use of water and the potential for impacts to surface water, groundwater and the environment generally. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions and similar agencies. Some states and local governments, including those in which the Company operates, have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could impose more stringent disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. In addition, several states and local governments have banned or significantly restricted hydraulic fracturing and, over the past several years, federal agencies such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA have sought to assert jurisdiction over the process. While the EPA has previously sought to relax environmental regulation and reduce enforcement efforts, including with respect to energy developed from unconventional sources, environmental groups and states have filed lawsuits challenging the EPA s recent actions. The Company cannot predict the results of these or future lawsuits, or how such lawsuits will affect the regulation of hydraulic fracturing operations. Certain environmental groups have also suggested that additional laws at the federal, state and local levels of government may be needed to more closely and uniformly regulate the hydraulic fracturing process. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted and if so, what its provisions would be. Governmental actions such as these could impact the oil and gas industry and the Company s future potential growth in such areas. Additional levels of regulation and permits required through the adoption of new laws and regulations at the federal, state or local level could lead to delays, increased operating costs and process prohibitions that could reduce the volumes of crude oil and natural gas that move through the Company s gathering systems and decrease demand for its water services, which in turn could materially and adversely impact its revenues. 
 
 In recent history, public concern surrounding increased seismicity has heightened focus on the oil and gas industry s use of water in operations, which may cause increased costs, regulations or environmental initiatives impacting the use or disposal of water. The adoption of federal, state and local legislation and regulations intended to address induced seismicity in the areas in which the Company operates could restrict drilling and production activities, as well as the Company's ability to dispose of produced water gathered from such activities and could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays, that could, in turn, materially and adversely impact the Company's business and results of operations. 
 
 Adoption of new or more stringent legal standards relating to induced seismic activity associated with produced-water disposal could affect the Company s operations. 
 
 The Company disposes of produced water generated from oil and natural-gas production operations. The legal requirements related to the disposal of produced water into a non-producing geologic formation by means of underground injection wells are subject to change based on concerns of the public or governmental authorities, including concerns relating to recent seismic events near injection wells used for the disposal of produced water. In response to such concerns, regulators in some states (including Texas, where the Company s produced water gathering and disposal assets are) have imposed, or are considering imposing, additional requirements in the permitting and operating of produced-water disposal wells or are otherwise investigating the existence of a relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. These developments could result in additional regulation and restrictions on the Company s use of injection wells to dispose of produced water, including a possible shut down of wells, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company currently operates produced water injection wells injecting into shallow formations in Texas, where the Texas Railroad Commission has recently addressed seismic activity by establishing Seismic Response Areas, curtailing injected volumes and/or suspending certain permits for disposal wells injecting into deep strata. Should the Texas Railroad Commission take additional action within the existing Seismic Response Areas or establish new Seismic Response Areas near the Company s operations, it could have a significant adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, additional regulations and restrictions on the use of injection wells could indirectly result in reduced gas gathering and processing volumes and / or crude gathering volumes from the Company s customers, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The Company may incur significant liability under, or costs and expenditures to comply with, health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, which are complex and subject to frequent change. 
 
 The Company is subject to various stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing health and safety aspects of its operations, the discharge of materials into the environment and the protection of the environment and natural resources (including endangered or threatened species). These laws and regulations may impose on the Company s operations numerous requirements, including the acquisition of permits, approvals and certificates before conducting regulated activities; restrictions on the types, quantities and concentration of materials that may be released into the environment; the application of specific health and safety criteria to protect the public or workers; and the responsibility for cleaning up pollution resulting from operations. Moreover, many of the permits required for the construction and operation of the Company s assets may be subject to challenge by third parties, resulting in project delays or the imposition of stringent environmental controls as a precondition to issuing such permits. The Company may incur substantial costs to maintain compliance with these existing laws and regulations and the permits and other approvals thereunder. Additionally, the Company s costs of compliance may increase or operational delays may occur if existing laws and regulations are revised or reinterpreted, or if new laws and regulations apply to its operations. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued thereunder, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly response actions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 including administrative, civil and criminal penalties; the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action obligations; the incurrence of capital expenditures, the occurrence of delays in the permitting, development or expansion of projects, and enjoining some or all of the Company s future operations in a particular area. Compliance with more stringent standards and other environmental regulations could prohibit the Company s ability to obtain permits for operations or require it to install additional equipment, the costs of which could be significant. 
 
 The risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in connection with the Company s operations is significant because of its handling of natural gas, crude and other petroleum products, its air emissions and product-related discharges arising out of its operations and as a result of historical industry practices and waste disposal practices. For example, an accidental release from one of the Company s facilities could subject it to substantial liabilities arising from environmental cleanup and restoration costs, claims made by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury, natural resources and property damages and fines and penalties for related violations of environmental laws or regulations. 
 
 Changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes that result in more stringent or costly requirements could require the Company to make significant expenditures to attain and maintain compliance or may otherwise have a material adverse effect on its operations, competitive position or financial condition. 
 
 Public interest in the protection of the environment has increased dramatically in recent years. The trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to the oil and natural gas industry could continue, resulting in increased costs of doing business and, consequently, affecting profitability. Additionally, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas and technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, could all reduce demand for oil and natural gas and consequently reduce demand for the midstream services the Company provides. The impact of this changing demand could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, operations and cash flows. 
 
 Climate change laws and regulations restricting emissions of GHGs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the crude oil and natural gas the Company gathers, while potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt the Company s operations, cause damage to its pipelines and other facilities and cause it to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects. 
 
 Climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention. There is a broad consensus of scientific opinion that human-caused emissions of GHGs are linked to climate change. Climate change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts and the regulation of GHGs have the potential to materially affect the Company s business in many ways, to include negatively impacting the costs the Company incurs in providing its products and the demand for and consumption of its products. 
 
 The EPA adopted regulations requiring the reporting of GHG emissions from specific categories of higher GHG emitting sources in the United States, including certain oil and natural gas facilities, which include certain of the Company s operations. Information in such reporting may form the basis for further GHG regulation. The EPA has also continued with its comprehensive strategy for further reducing methane and volatile organic compound VOC emissions from oil and gas operations. In May 2016, a final rule established specific new requirements regarding emissions from production-related wet seal and reciprocating compressors, and from pneumatic controllers and storage vessels. Additionally, the regulations placed new requirements to detect and repair VOC and methane leaks at certain well sites and compressor stations. However, in September 2020, the EPA finalized a rule removing transportation and storage activities from the purview of the rules. On January 20, 2021, President Biden signed an executive order calling for the suspension, revision, or rescission of the September 2020 rule, and the reinstatement or issuance of methane emissions standards for new, modified, and existing oil and gas facilities, including transmission and storage facilities. Following approval by Congress, the resolution was signed into law in June 2021 and effectively vacated the September 2020 rule, reinstating the prior standards under the May 2016 rule. In November 2021, as required by the President s executive order, the EPA proposed new regulations to establish comprehensive standards of performance and emission guidelines for methane and VOC emissions from new and existing operations in the oil and gas sector, including the exploration and production, transmission, processing and storage segments. On November 11, 2022, the EPA released its supplemental methane proposal. The proposal includes the tightening of proposed requirements under the CAA for methane and VOC emissions from sources that commenced construction, modification, or reconstruction after November 15, 2021, to include proposed standards for previously unregulated emission sources for this category. Additionally, the proposal sets forth specific revisions strengthening the first nationwide emission guidelines for states to limit methane emissions from existing crude oil and natural gas facilities. The proposal also revises requirements for fugitive emissions monitoring and repair as well as equipment leaks and the frequency of monitoring surveys, establishes a super-emitter response program to timely mitigate emissions events, and provides additional options for the use of advanced monitoring to encourage the deployment of innovative technologies to detect and reduce methane emissions. The EPA s supplemental methane rule will likely work alongside the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), which was signed into law in August 2022, and appropriates significant federal funding for renewable energy initiatives, alongside amending the CAA to 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 impose a first-time fee on the emission of methane from sources required to report their GHG emissions to the EPA. The methane emissions charge imposes a fee on excess methane emissions from certain oil facilities starting at 900 per metric ton of leaked methane in 2024 and rising to 1,200 in 2025 and 1,500 in 2026 and thereafter. Compliance with the EPA s proposed new regulations and the IRA s methane emissions fee could increase the Company s operating costs and accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels, which could in turn reduce the demand for its services, thereby adversely affecting its operations and potentially restricting or delaying the Company s ability to obtain applicable permits, approvals, or certificates for new or modified facilities. 
 
 Climate change remains a priority for the current administration, which could lead to additional regulations or restrictions on oil and gas development. In February 2021, the administration recommitted the United States to the Paris Agreement, a framework for parties to the agreement to cooperate and report actions to reduce GHG emissions. The Paris Agreement calls for parties to undertake ambitious efforts to limit the average global temperature, and to conserve and enhance sinks and reservoirs of GHGs. The current administration, in April 2021, announced a target for the United States to achieve a 50 52 reduction from 2005 levels in economy-wide net GHG pollution in 2030. This target builds upon the President s goals to create a carbon pollution-free power sector by 2035 and a net zero emissions economy by 2050. In November 2021, the international community gathered again in Glasgow at the 26th Conference to the Parties on the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change COP26 ), during which multiple announcements were made, including a call for parties to eliminate certain fossil fuel subsidies and pursue further action on non-carbon dioxide GHGs. Relatedly, the United States and European Union jointly announced the launch of the Global Methane Pledge, which aims to cut global methane pollution at least 30 by 2030 relative to 2020 levels, including all feasible reductions in the energy sector. At COP27 in Sharm El-Sheik in November 2022, countries reiterated the agreements from COP26 and were called upon to accelerate efforts toward the phase out of inefficient fossil fuel subsidies. The United States also announced, in conjunction with the European Union and other partner countries, that it would develop standards for monitoring and reporting methane emissions to help create a market for low methane-intensity gas. Although no firm commitment or timeline to phase out or phase down all fossil fuels was made at COP27, there can be no guarantees that countries will not seek to implement such a phase out in the future. At COP27 in Sharm El-Sheik in November 2022, countries reiterated the agreements from COP26 and were called upon to accelerate efforts toward the phase out of inefficient fossil fuel subsidies. The United States also announced, in conjunction with the European Union and other partner countries, that it would develop standards for monitoring and reporting methane emissions to help create a market for low methane-intensity gas. Although no firm commitment or timeline to phase out or phase down all fossil fuels was made at COP27, there can be no guarantees that countries will not seek to implement such a phase out in the future. Meeting these goals may require further regulations that could adversely impact the Company s operations and financial performance or otherwise reduce demand for the products it stores, processes, and transports. 
 
 The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could require the Company to incur increased operating costs, such as costs to purchase and operate emissions and vapor control systems or to comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements. If the Company is unable to recover or pass through a significant level of its costs related to complying with climate change regulatory requirements imposed on it, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. Any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, the natural gas the Company stores, processes and transports. Consequently, legislation and regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources as a means of addressing climate change could reduce demand for the Company s products. 
 In addition, parties concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention at sources of funding for energy companies, which has resulted in certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating their investment in oil and natural gas activities. Financial institutions may adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector. For example, in late 2020, the Federal Reserve announced that it had joined the Network for Greening the Financial System NGFS ), a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector, and, in September 2022, announced that six of the U.S. largest banks will participate in a pilot climate scenario analysis exercise, launched in early 2023, to enhance the ability of firms and supervisors to measure and manage climate-related financial risk. While the Company cannot predict what policies may result from this, a material reduction in the capital available to the fossil fuel industry could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration, development, production, transportation and processing activities, which could result in decreased demand for the Company s midstream services. Additionally, in March 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission released a proposed rule that would establish a framework for the reporting of climate risks, targets, and metrics. If a final rule is released, the Company cannot predict what any such rule may require. To the extent the rule imposes additional reporting obligations, the Company could face increased costs. Separately, the SEC has also announced that it is scrutinizing existing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the SEC were to allege an issuer s climate disclosures are misleading or deficient. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Finally, it should be noted that there are increasing risks to the Company s operations resulting from the potential physical impacts of climate change, such as drought, wildfires, damage to infrastructure and resources from flooding, storms and other natural disasters, chronic shifts in temperature and precipitation patterns and other physical disruptions. One or more of these developments could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Increasing attention to ESG matters and conservation measures may adversely impact the Company s business. 
 
 Increasing attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary ESG disclosures and consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in increased costs, reduced demand for the Company s products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation and negative impacts on the Company s access to capital markets. Increasing attention to climate change and environmental conservation, for example, may result in demand shifts for oil and natural gas products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation against the Company or its customers. To the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to the Company s causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. While the Company may participate in various voluntary frameworks and certification programs to improve the ESG profile of its operations and services, the Company cannot guarantee that such participation or certification will have the intended results on its ESG profile. 
 
 Moreover, while the Company may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures will be based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring, and reporting on many ESG matters. Additionally, while the Company may also announce various voluntary ESG targets, such targets are aspirational. The Company may not be able to meet such targets in the manner or on such a timeline as initially contemplated including, but not limited to, as a result of unforeseen or increased costs associated therewith. To the extent that the Company does meet such targets, it may be achieved through various contractual arrangements, including the purchase of various credits or offsets that may be deemed to mitigate the Company s ESG impact instead of actual changes in its ESG performance. Also, despite these goals, the Company may receive pressure from investors, lenders, or other groups to adopt more aggressive climate or other ESG-related goals, but it cannot guarantee that it will be able to implement such goals because of potential costs or technical or operational obstacles. 
 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with energy-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward the Company, its customers, and its industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on business and the Company s access to and costs of capital. Also, institutional lenders may decide not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies or the corresponding infrastructure projects based on climate change related concerns, which could affect the Company s access to capital for potential growth projects. 
 
 Furthermore, public statements with respect to ESG matters, such as emissions reduction goals, other environmental targets or other commitments addressing certain social issues, are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the risk of potential greenwashing, i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential ESG benefits. For example, in March 2021, the SEC established the Climate and ESG Task Force in the Division of Enforcement to identify and address potential ESG-related misconduct, including greenwashing. Certain non-governmental organizations and other private actors have also filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG-statements, goals or standards were misleading, false or otherwise deceptive. Moreover, the Federal Trade Commission in August 2022 indicated its intent to issue revised Green Guides which will likely address greenwashing risks arising from ESG-related matters. As a result, the Company may face increased litigation risks from private parties and governmental authorities related to its ESG efforts. Additionally, the Company could face increasing costs as it attempts to comply with and navigate further regulatory focus and scrutiny. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Entities controlled by Blackstone, I Squared Capital and Apache Midstream own a majority of the Company s outstanding voting shares and thus strongly influence all the Company s corporate actions. 
 
 As long as Blackstone, I Squared Capital, Apache Midstream and their respective affiliates own or control a significant percentage of the Company s outstanding voting power, they will have the ability to strongly influence all corporate actions, including stockholder approval of the election of and removal of directors. The interests of Blackstone, I Squared Capital or Apache Midstream may not align with the interests of the Company s other stockholders. 
 
 Although we currently are not considered to be a controlled company under the NYSE corporate governance rules, we may in the future become a controlled company due to the concentration of voting power among entities controlled by Blackstone. 
 
 Although we currently are not considered to be a controlled company under the NYSE corporate governance rules, we may in the future become a controlled company. As of December 31, 2022, entities controlled by Blackstone own approximately 49.8 of our outstanding Common Stock and, pursuant to the Reinvestment Agreement, will be obligated to reinvest all 2023 dividends and distributions in shares of Class A Common Stock. Consequently, entities controlled by Blackstone may own more than 50 of our Common Stock at some point in 2023. A controlled company pursuant to the NYSE corporate governance rules is a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group, or another company. In the event that Blackstone and its affiliates or other stockholders own more than 50 of the voting power of the Company, we may in the future be able to rely on the controlled company exemptions under the NYSE corporate governance rules due to this concentration of voting power. If we were a controlled company, we would be eligible, and could elect, not to comply with certain of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Such standards include the requirement that a majority of directors on our Board are independent directors, subject to certain phase-in periods, and the requirement that our compensation, nominating and governance committee consist entirely of independent directors. In such a case, if the interests of our stockholders differ from the group of stockholders holding a majority of the voting power, our stockholders would not have the same protection afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance standards, and the ability of our independent directors to influence our business policies and corporate matters may be reduced. 
 
 Potential future sales pursuant to registration rights granted by the Company and under Rule 144 may depress the market price for our shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 The Company has granted a number of its stockholders, including Blackstone, I Squared Capital and Apache Midstream, registration rights with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock, including shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon redemption of OpCo Units. In addition, under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, a person who has satisfied a minimum holding period of between six months and one-year and any other applicable requirements of Rule 144, may thereafter sell such shares in transactions exempt from registration. A significant number of our currently issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock held by existing stockholders, including officers and directors and other principal stockholders are currently eligible for resale pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144. The possible future sale of our shares by our existing stockholders, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144, may have a depressive effect on the price of our shares of Class A Common Stock in the applicable trading marketplace. 
 
 The Company s ability to return capital to stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases depends on its ability to generate sufficient cash flow, which it may not be able to accomplish. 
 
 The Company s ability to return capital to stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases principally depends upon the amount of cash it generates from its operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other things, income from the Pipeline Transportation JVs, the volumes of natural gas and NGLs it gathers and processes, commodity prices, and other factors impacting the Company s financial condition, some of which are beyond its control. In addition, under Delaware law, dividends on the Company s capital stock may only be paid from surplus, which is the amount by which the fair value of the Company s total assets exceeds the sum of its total liabilities, including contingent liabilities, and the amount of its capital; if there is no surplus, cash dividends on capital stock may only be paid from the Company s net profits for the then-current and/or the preceding fiscal year. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by its stockholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers, employees or agents. 
 
 The charter provides that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (Court of Chancery) will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on the Company s behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of the Company s directors, officers or other employees to it or its stockholders; any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the charter or the Company s bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 The above does not apply for such claims as to which the Court of Chancery determines that it does not have personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party, exclusive jurisdiction is vested in a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of the Company s capital stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of the Company s charter described in the preceding sentence. This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of the Company s charter inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Company s charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, the charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 If the Company fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls, it may not be able to report accurately its financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential holders of the Company s equity could lose confidence in its financial reporting, which would harm its business and cost of capital. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud, and operate successfully as a public company. The Company cannot be certain that it will be able to maintain adequate controls over its financial processes and reporting in the future, or that it will be able to continue to comply with its obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls or to implement or improve the Company s internal controls could harm its operating results or cause it to fail to meet its reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in the Company s reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of its equity interests. 
 
 If the performance of the Company does not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price of the Company s securities may decline. 
 
 The price of the Company s securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control, and such fluctuations could contribute to the loss of all or part of a stockholder s investment. Fluctuations or changes in the Company s quarterly financial results, changes in or failure to meet market or financial analysts expectations about the Company, changes in laws and regulations, commencement of or involvement in litigation, changes in the Company s capital structure and general economic and political conditions could materially and adversely affect a stockholder s investment in the Company s securities, and its securities may trade at prices significantly below the price paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of the Company s securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of the Company s securities irrespective of the Company s operating performance. The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks and of the Company s securities may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to the Company could depress the Company s stock price regardless of its business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 General Risks 
 
 Continuing or worsening inflationary issues and associated changes in monetary policy have resulted in and may result in additional increases to the cost of the Company s services and personnel, which in turn cause the Company s capital expenditures and operating costs to rise. 
 
 The U.S. inflation rate has been steadily increasing throughout 2022. These inflationary pressures have resulted in and may result in additional increases to the costs of the Company s services and personnel, which in turn cause the Company s capital expenditures and operating costs to rise. Sustained levels of high inflation have likewise caused the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks to increase interest rates multiple times in 2022 and the U.S. Federal Reserve has indicated its intention to continue to raise benchmark interest rates throughout the remainder of 2022 and into 2023 in an effort to curb inflationary pressure on the costs of goods and services across the U.S., which could have the effects of raising the cost of capital and depressing economic growth, either of which or the combination thereof could hurt the financial and operating results of the Company s business. To the extent elevated inflation remains, the Company may experience further cost increases for its operations. 
 
 A terrorist attack, cyber-attack or armed conflict could harm the Company s business. 
 
 Terrorist activities, cyber-attacks, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflicts involving the United States or other countries may adversely affect the United States and global economies and could prevent the Company from meeting its financial and other obligations. For example, on February 24, 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine. As a result, the United States, the United Kingdom, the member states of the European Union and other public and private actors have levied severe sanctions on Russia. The geopolitical and macroeconomic consequences of this invasion and associated sanctions have impacted the world economy, particularly with regard to demand and prices for crude oil and natural gas, and the ongoing effect of further hostilities in Ukraine cannot be predicted. If any of these events occur, the resulting political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for crude oil and natural gas, potentially putting downward pressure on demand for the Company s services and causing a reduction in its revenues. Crude oil and natural gas related facilities could be direct targets of terrorist attacks, and the Company s operations could be adversely impacted if infrastructure integral to its operations is destroyed or damaged. Additionally, destructive forms of protest or opposition by activists, including acts of sabotage or eco-terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property, or the environment or lead to extended interruptions of our operations. Costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of these threats, and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all. 
 
 A cyber incident could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 
 The oil and gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations including certain midstream activities. For example, software programs are used to manage gathering and transportation systems and for compliance reporting. The use of mobile communication devices has increased rapidly. Industrial control systems such as SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) now control large scale processes that can include multiple sites and long distances, such as crude oil and natural gas pipelines. 
 
 The Company depends on digital technology, including information systems and related infrastructure as well as cloud applications and services, to process and record financial and operating data and to communicate with its employees and business service providers. The Company s business service providers, including vendors and financial institutions, are also dependent on digital technology. The technologies needed to conduct midstream activities make certain information the target of theft or misappropriation. 
 
 The Company s technologies, systems, networks, and those of its business partners may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or other disruption of its business operations. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period. 
 
 A cyber incident involving the Company s information systems and related infrastructure, or that of its business service providers, could disrupt its business plans and negatively impact its operations in the following ways, among others: 
 
 a cyber-attack on a vendor or other service provider could result in supply chain disruptions, which could delay or halt development of additional infrastructure, effectively delaying the start of cash flow from the project; 
 a cyber-attack on downstream pipelines could prevent the Company from delivering product at the tailgate of its facilities, resulting in a loss of revenues; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 a cyber-attack on a communications network or power grid could cause operational disruption resulting in loss of revenues; 
 a deliberate corruption of its financial or operational data could result in events of non-compliance which could lead to regulatory fines or penalties; and 
 business interruptions could result in expensive remediation efforts, distraction of management, damage to its reputation or a negative impact on cash flow. 
 
 The Company s implementation of various controls and processes, including globally incorporating a risk-based cyber security framework, to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for its information, facilities and infrastructure is costly and labor intensive. Moreover, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Any such breakdowns or breaches, or resulting access, disclosure or other loss of information, could significantly disrupt the Company s business and result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information and damage to its reputation, any of which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For further information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on this Form 10-K. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 The Company s Class A Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol KNTK . The Company s public warrants are quoted on the over-the-counter markets operated by OTC Markets Group under the symbol ALTMW. The warrants may still be exercised in accordance with their terms to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Class A Common Stock had a closing price of 29.75, and the warrants had a closing price of 0.001. 
 Holders 
 On February 28, 2023, there were 204 holders of record of the Company s Class A Common Stock and nine holders of record of the Company s Class C Common Stock. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive cash dividends when declared by the Company s Board out of legally available funds. The Board presently intends to continue the policy of paying quarterly cash dividends, however, future dividend payments will depend upon our level of earnings, capital expenditure requirements, debt obligation, financial condition and other relevant factors. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The graph and table below compares the Company s cumulative return to holders of its common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index, the NYSE Composite Index and the Alerian US Midstream Energy Index during the period beginning on December 31, 2017 and ending on December 31, 2022. The NYSE Composite Index was added to the performance graph because the Company changed the listing of its Class A Common Stock to the NYSE from the Nasdaq in October 2022. In accordance with SEC rules, the performance graph presents both the indices used in the previous year and the newly selected index. The performance graph was prepared based on the following assumptions: (i) 100 was invested in our Class A Common Stock and in each of the indices at beginning of the period, and (ii) dividends were reinvested on the relevant payment dates. The stock price performance included in this graph is historical and not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 COMPARISON CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (1)(2) 
 Among Kinetik Holdings Inc., the NYSE Composite Index, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Alerian US Midstream Energy Index 

(1) The performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Exchange Act except to the extent that we specifically request it be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference. 
 (2) 100 invested on 12/31/2017 in index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Kinetik Holdings, Inc. 100.00 79.61 29.45 24.44 34.85 40.04 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 96.12 135.23 143.64 174.36 116.65 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 88.80 122.32 104.40 123.37 109.14 Alerian US Midstream Energy Index 100.00 80.97 79.32 50.42 65.01 79.07 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the risk factors and related information set forth in Part I, Item 1A and Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are omitted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Exhibit 99.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2022. 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context requires otherwise, references herein to Kinetik Holdings Inc., the Company , us , our , we or similar terms, with respect to time periods prior to February 22, 2022, include BCP and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not include ALTM and its consolidated subsidiaries, while references herein to Kinetik Holdings Inc., the Company , us , our , we or similar terms, with respect to time periods from and after February 22, 2022, include ALTM and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 The Transaction 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company consummated the business combination transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2021, by and among the Company, the Partnership, Contributor and BCP. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, in connection with the Closing, (i) Contributor contributed all the equity interests in BCP and BCP Raptor Holdco GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of BCP BCP GP ), to the Partnership; and (ii) in exchange for such contribution, the Partnership transferred to Contributor 50,000,000 Common Units and 50,000,000 shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock. 
 The Company s public stockholders immediately prior to the Closing continued to hold their shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. As a result of the Transaction, immediately following the Closing (i) Contributor held approximately 75 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, (ii) Apache Midstream held approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, and (iii) the Company s remaining stockholders held approximately 5 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock. Upon close of the Transaction, the Company s Pipeline Transportation segment expanded to include three additional EMI pipelines and to increase its ownership interest in PHP. Further, a secondary offering of 4 million shares held by Apache Midstream was closed during March of 2022, reducing Apache s ownership to approximately 13 . 
 The Transaction also brought in additional volume capacity from ALTM for the Midstream Logistics segment, including a total of 600 MMcf/d of existing state-of-the-art operating processing capacity, 182 miles of in-service natural gas gathering pipelines, approximately 46 miles of residue gas pipelines with four market connections, and approximately 66 miles of NGLs pipelines. The increased volume capacity has contributed to the increase in operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same periods in 2021. 
 Overview 
 We are an integrated midstream energy company in the Permian Basin providing comprehensive gathering, transportation, compression, processing, and treating services. Our core capabilities include a variety of service offerings including natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, treating and processing; NGLs stabilization and transportation; produced water gathering and disposal; and crude oil gathering, stabilization, storage and transportation. The Company s corporate office is located in Houston, TX and our operations are strategically located in the heart of the Delaware Basin in the Permian. 
 Our Operations and Segments 
 Upon Closing, the Company renamed its Gathering and Processing segment to Midstream Logistics and renamed its Transmission segment to Pipeline Transportation. These name changes were made to better align segment activities with the name of each respective segment. The Midstream Logistics segment operates under three service offerings, 1) gas gathering and processing, 2) crude oil gathering, stabilization, and storage services, and 3) water gathering and disposal. The Pipeline Transportation segment consists of four EMI pipelines in the Permian Basin with various access points to the Texas Gulf Coast, Kinetik NGL Pipeline and our Delaware Link Pipeline that is under construction. The EMI pipelines transport crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs within the Permian Basin and to the Texas Gulf Coast. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Midstream Logistics 
 Gas Gathering and Processing. The Midstream Logistics segment provides gas gathering and processing services with approximately 1,500 miles of low and high-pressure steel pipeline located throughout the Southern Delaware Basin. Gas processing assets are centralized at five processing complexes with total cryogenic processing capacity of approximately 2.0 Bcf/d. 
 Crude Oil Gathering, Stabilization, and Storage Services. Crude gathering assets are centralized at the Caprock Stampede Terminal and the Pinnacle Sierra Grande Terminal. The system includes approximately 220 miles of gathering pipeline and 90,000 barrels of crude storage. 
 Water Gathering and Disposal. The system includes approximately 80 miles of gathering pipeline and approximately 490,000 barrels per day of permitted disposal capacity. 
 Pipeline Transportation 
 EMI pipelines. The Company owns the following equity interests in four EMI pipelines in the Permian Basin with access to various points along the Texas Gulf Coast: 1) an approximate 53.3 equity interest in PHP, which is also owned and operated by Kinder Morgan; 2) 16 equity interest in GCX, which is owned and operated by Kinder Morgan; 3) 33 equity interest in Shin Oak, which is owned by Breviloba, LLC, and operated by Enterprise Products Operating LLC; and 4) 15 equity interest in EPIC, which is operated by EPIC Consolidated Operations, LLC. 
 Brandywine NGL Pipeline. Approximately 30 miles of 20-inch NGL pipelines connected to our Diamond Cryogenic complex. 
 Delaware Link Pipeline. The Company is currently building the Delaware Link Pipeline, which will provide additional transportation capacity to Waha when it is put into service. The project is expected to be complete in the fourth quarter of 2023. Upon completion, this pipeline is estimated to be 40 miles and to have a capacity of 1.0 Bcf/d. 
 Recent Developments 
 Transfer to the New York Stock Exchange 
 On October 10, 2022, the Company notified the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq that it would voluntarily transfer the listing of its Class A Common Stock from Nasdaq to the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). The listing and trading of the Common Stock on Nasdaq ended at market close on October 21, 2022, and trading commenced on the NYSE at market open on October 24, 2022. The Class A Common Stock continues to trade under the current stock symbol KNTK . 
 
 Brandywine NGL Acquisition 
 In September 2022, the Company acquired approximately 30 miles of 20-inch NGL pipelines connected to our Diamond Cryogenic complex, Brandywine, for approximately 25 million. Brandywine is a strategic intrabasin natural gas liquids pipeline, affording Kinetik greater control over its system s NGLs and providing interconnectivity to Shin Oak. 
 Comprehensive Refinancing 
 
 On June 8, 2022, the Partnership, completed a private placement of 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of its 5.875 Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes ), which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The Notes are issued under our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and include sustainability-linked features. In addition, the Partnership entered into a new revolving credit agreement (the RCA ), which provides for a 1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility maturing on June 8, 2027, and a new term loan agreement (the TLA ), which provides for a 2.00 billion senior unsecured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan Credit Facility maturing on June 8, 2025. Proceeds from the Notes and the Term Loan Credit Facility were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under our existing credit facilities and to pay fees and expenses related to the offering. Refer to Note 8 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further information. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PHP Expansion Project 
 In June 2022, PHP announced a final investment decision to proceed with its expansion project to increase total capacity to 2.65 Bcf/d fully subscribed under 10 year take-or-pay contracts. The expansion project will increase PHP s capacity by nearly 550 MMcf/d with a target in-service date in November 2023. Approximately 67 of the funding for the expansion project will be borne and the remainder by Kinder Morgan. As a result, following the in-service date of the expansion, Kinetik s ownership interest in PHP will increase to approximately 55.5 . During 2022, the Company contributed 78.2 million to the expansion project. 
 Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
 On May 16, 2022, we published our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, which we developed in alignment with the five components outlined in the International Capital Markets Association Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles as of June 2020 and the Loan Syndications and Trading Association Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles as of July 2021 (each as referred to in our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) and corresponding Second Party Opinion provided by ISS ESG. 
 This framework establishes KPIs that will be used to measure our progress against SPTs. Under this framework, our KPIs are (1) Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity, (2) Scope 1 and Scope 2 methane gas emissions intensity and (3) female representation in corporate officer positions and our SPTs are (1) reducing the intensity of all Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by 35 by 2030 from a 2021 baseline year (as described in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework), (2) reducing the intensity of Scope 1 and Scope 2 methane gas emissions from our operations by 30 by 2030 from a 2021 baseline year, and (3) increasing female representation in corporate officer positions of Vice President and above to 20 by year-end 2026 from a 2021 baseline year. 
 Stock Split 
 On May 19, 2022, the Company announced the Stock Split with respect to its Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock in the form of a stock dividend. The Stock Split was accomplished by distributing one additional share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Class A Common Stock outstanding and one additional share of Class C Common Stock for each share of Class C Common Stock outstanding. The additional shares of Common Stock were issued on June 8, 2022 to holders of record at the close of business on May 31, 2022. 
 Factors Affecting Our Business 
 Commodity Price Volatility 
 There has been, and we believe there will continue to be, volatility in commodity prices and in the relationships among NGLs, crude oil and natural gas prices. As a result of uncertainty around global commodity supply and demand, uncertainty in global economic recovery from the aftereffects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the armed conflict in Ukraine, global oil and natural gas commodity prices continue to remain volatile. The volatility and uncertainty of natural gas, crude oil and NGL prices impact drilling, completion and other investment decisions by producers and ultimately supply to our systems. Although the armed conflict in Ukraine generated commodity price upward pressure, and our operation could benefit in an environment of higher natural gas, NGLs and condensate prices, the instability of international political environment and human and economic hardship resulting from the conflict would have a highly uncertain impact on the U.S. economy, which in turn, might affect our business and operations adv ersely. Our product sales revenue is exposed to commodity price fluctuations. Therefore, commodity price decline and sustained periods of low natural gas and NGL prices could have an adverse effect on our product revenue stream. The Company continues to monitor commodity prices closely and may enter into commodity price hedges from time to time as necessary to mitigate the volatility risk. In addition, the Company, when economically appropriate, enters into fee-based arrangements that insulate the Company from commodity price volatility. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation and Interest Rates 
 The annual rate of inflation in the United States dropped slightly to 6.40 in January 2023, as measured by the Consumer Price Index, which was the lowest since October 2021. However, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC maintains its long run goals of maximum employment and inflation at the rate of 2.00 . In support of these goals, the FOMC decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 4.50 and 4.75 during its meeting in January 2023. There is uncertainty regarding whether inflation will continue to be tamed by the FOMC s effort or whether the FOMC will continue to tighten its monetary policy in the next 12 months. Increased interest rates will increase our operating costs and have a negative impact on the Company s ability to meet its contractual debt obligations and to fund its operating expenses, capital expenditures, dividends and distributions. The Company will continue to actively evaluate and analyze whether any additional forms of interest rate hedging should be implemented to mitigate interest rate exposure. 
 Supply Chain Considerations 
 During 2021 and 2022, challenging supply chain issues have emerged that will continue at least through the first half of 2023. Geopolitical events have further disrupted global supply chains and caused volatile commodity prices for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil. The United States has banned the import of Russian oil, NGLs and other energy commodities and the European Union has taken steps to reduce imports of Russian oil and natural gas. The principal supply issues facing our industry for the next twelve months include: raw materials availability, finished good inventory, rising freight costs, delays due to port congestion and overall labor shortages. 
 
 All bidding will require the risk of shipping costs and delays to be factored into proposals. Trucking availability and pricing will impact North American opportunities while sea-freight costs will impact sales of North American manufactured goods being delivered internationally for the foreseeable future. The import of raw materials from China will also incur price increases. To that end, accelerating tensions between China and the U.S. could also result in further supply disruption. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents the Company s results of operations for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Change (In thousands, except percentages) Revenues: Service revenue 393,954 272,677 44 Product revenue 806,353 385,622 109 Other revenue 13,183 3,745 NM Total revenues 1,213,490 662,044 83 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 541,518 233,619 132 Operating expense 137,289 90,894 51 Ad valorem taxes 16,970 11,512 47 General and administrative 94,268 28,588 NM Depreciation and amortization 260,345 243,558 7 Loss on disposal of assets 12,611 382 NM Total operating costs and expenses 1,063,001 608,553 75 Operating income 150,489 53,491 181 Other income (expense): Interest and other income 489 4,143 (88) Gain on Preferred Units redemption 9,580 100 Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment (27,975) 4 NM Gain on embedded derivatives 89,050 100 Interest expense (149,252) (117,365) 27 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 180,956 63,074 187 Total other income (expense), net 102,848 (50,144) NM Income before income tax 253,337 3,347 NM Income tax expense 2,616 1,865 40 Net income including noncontrolling interests 250,721 1,482 NM 
 The results of the legacy ALTM business are not included in the Company s consolidated financials prior to February 22, 2022. Refer to the Form 10-K basis of presentation in Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, for further information. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenues 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue increased 551.4 million, or 83 , to 1,213.5 million, compared to 662.0 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by period-to-period higher commodity prices, increases in gas gathered and processed volumes, as well as similar increases in condensate and NGL volumes sold. Volume increase reflected synergy realized from the new operations acquired through the Transaction. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Service revenue 
 Service revenue consists of service fees paid to the Company by its customers for providing comprehensive gathering, treating, processing and water disposal services necessary to bring natural gas, NGLs and crude oil to the market. Service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 121.3 million, or 44 , to 394.0 million, compared to 272.7 million for the same period in 2021. This increase is primarily due to a period over period increase in gathered and processed gas volumes of 556.4 Mcf per day and 522.9 Mcf per day, respectively, of which 318.7 Mcf per day of gathered gas volume and 236.6 Mcf/d of processed gas volume were result of new operations acquired through the Transaction. Over 99 of service revenues are included entirely in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Product revenue 
 Product revenue consists of commodity sales (including condensate, natural gas residue, and NGLs). Product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 420.7 million, or 109 , to 806.4 million, compared to 385.6 million for the same period in 2021, primarily due to period-to-period increases in condensate prices combined with increased NGL and condensate sales volumes. Condensate prices increased 27.80 per barrel, or 44 . NGL and condensate sales volumes increased 12.7 million barrels, or over 300 . The increase in NGL and condensate sales volumes offset the decreased NGL prices of 0.80 per barrel, or 2 . This substantial increase in NGL and condensate revenue was due to our plants being run in recovery for part of the year ended December 31, 2022 versus rejection during the same period in 2021. For the same reason, natural gas residue sales volumes decreased 6.3 million MMBtu, or 25 . Partially offsetting this decrease in volumes, natural gas prices increased period over period 1.44 per MMBtu, or 37 . Product revenues are included entirely in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Costs of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) primarily consists of purchases of NGLs and natural gas from our producers at contracted market prices to support product sales to other third parties. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of sales increased 307.9 million, or 132 , to 541.5 million, compared to 233.6 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the period-to-period increases in commodity prices and NGL and condensate volumes discussed above. Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are included entirely in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses increased by 46.4 million, or 51 , to 137.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 90.9 million for the same period in 2021. Of the total increase, 25.0 million was driven by the newly acquired operations. The remaining increase was primarily driven by higher period over period electricity costs of 10.7 million, higher internal and contract labor costs of 5.8 million, and higher repairs and maintenance costs of 3.5 million. The higher electricity costs were primarily due to electricity credits received from one of our primary electricity providers during the month of February 2021 related to the extreme weather caused by Winter Storm Uri while no similar credit was generated in 2022. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative G A expense increased by 65.7 million, or 230 , to 94.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 28.6 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by 42.8 million of recognized share-based compensation, higher insurance costs of 2.9 million and acquisition and integration costs of 20.6 million incurred in relation to the newly acquired operations. 
 Loss on disposal of assets 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss on disposal of assets of 12.6 million compared with 0.4 million for the same period in 2021. The change was primarily related to retirements of compressor or booster stations and a refrigeration plant that had become idle due to operational changes. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense) 
 Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 28.0 million, compared with a gain of 4 thousand for the same period in 2021. The change reflected the loss on debt extinguishment recognized in relation to the comprehensive refinancing completed in June 2022. 
 Gain on embedded derivatives 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a gain on embedded derivatives of 89.1 million. The gain is a result of the decrease in fair value of the embedded derivative liability related to the redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred Units, which was eliminated upon the ultimate redemption of these Preferred Units during July of 2022. 
 Interest expense 
 The Company incurred interest expense of 149.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 117.4 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily related to higher debt obligations resulting from the comprehensive refinancing completed in June 2022. The increase also reflected an overall increase in interest rates associated with the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility, which carried some variability. Refer to Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the Company s strategy in managing interest rate risk. 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Income from EMI pipelines increased by 117.9 million, or 187 to 181.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 63.1 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of new EMI pipelines and additional equity interests in the Company s existing EMI pipeline, PHP, through the Transaction and due to higher earnings from our EMI pipelines. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates is included entirely in the Pipeline Transportation segment. 

Key Performance Metrics 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income including noncontrolling interests adjusted for interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, asset write-offs, the proportionate EBITDA from our equity method investments, equity in earnings from investments recorded using the equity method, share-based compensation expense, extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges. Adjusted EBITDA provides a basis for comparison of our business operations between current, past and future periods by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides a meaningful understanding of certain aspects of earnings before the impact of investing and financing charges and income taxes. Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our performance because this measure: 
 Is widely used by analysts, investors and competitors to measure a company s operating performance; 
 Is a financial measurement that is used by rating agencies, lenders, and other parties to evaluate our credit worthiness; and 
 Is used by our management for various purposes, including as a measure of performance and as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not defined in GAAP 
 The GAAP measure used by the Company that is most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA is net income including noncontrolling interests. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to the GAAP measure of net income including noncontrolling interests or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA has important limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income including noncontrolling interests. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Company s results as reported under GAAP. The Company s definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies in the industry, thereby diminishing its utility. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measure 
 Company management compensates for the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable GAAP measure, understanding the differences between Adjusted EBITDA as compared to net income including noncontrolling interests, and incorporating this knowledge into its decision-making processes. Management believes that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measure that the Company uses in evaluating operating results. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the GAAP financial measure of net income including noncontrolling interests to the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 For The Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Change (In thousands, except percentage) Reconciliation of net income including noncontrolling interests to Adjusted EBITDA Net income including noncontrolling interests 250,721 1,482 NM Add back: Interest expense 149,252 117,365 27 Income tax expense 2,616 1,865 40 Depreciation and amortization 260,345 243,558 7 Amortization of contract costs 1,807 1,792 1 Proportionate EMI EBITDA 268,826 83,593 NM Share-based compensation 42,780 100 Loss on disposal of assets 12,611 382 NM Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment 27,975 (4) NM Derivative loss due to Winter Storm Uri 13,456 (100) Integration Costs 12,208 100 Transaction Costs 6,412 5,730 12 Other one-time cost or amortization 16,355 2,856 NM Producer Settlement 6,827 (100) Deduct: Interest income 115 (100) Warrant valuation adjustment 133 100 Gain on redemption of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units 9,580 100 Gain on embedded derivatives 89,050 100 Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates 180,956 63,074 187 Adjusted EBITDA 772,189 415,713 86 
 The results of the legacy ALTM business are not included in the Company s consolidated financials prior to February 22, 2022. Refer to the Form 10-K basis of presentation in Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, for further information. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 356.5 million, or 86 to 772.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 415.7 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in net income including noncontrolling interest of 249.2 million, or 16818 , and increases in add back related to the Company s proportionate share of its EMI pipelines EBITDA of 185.2 million, or 222 , share-based compensation of 42.8 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 16.8 million and integration costs of 12.2 million, which are results of new operations acquired through the Transaction. The increase in add back was also due to increases in interest expense of 31.9 million and loss on debt extinguishment of 28.0 million as the Company completed its comprehensive refinance in June 2022. The increase in adjusted EBITDA was partially offset by increases in EMI pipelines equity income of 117.9 million and gain on embedded derivatives of 89.1 million, and a decrease in derivative loss add back due to the Winter Storm Uri of 13.5 million as no similar credit was taken during 2022. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA is defined as segment net earnings adjusted to exclude interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, the proportionate effect of these same items for our equity method investments and other non-recurring items. The following table presents segment adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022. Also refer to Note 20 Segments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA to net income including noncontrolling interests. 
 For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (In thousands, except percentage) Midstream Logistics 516,045 343,809 50 Pipeline Transportation 269,237 81,861 NM Corporate and Other (13,093) (9,957) 31 Total segment adjusted EBITDA 772,189 415,713 86 
 The results of the legacy ALTM business are not included in the Company s consolidated financials prior to February 22, 2022. Refer to Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information on the Company s financial statement consolidation. 
 Corporate and Other represents those results that: (i) are not specifically attributable to a reportable segment; (ii) are not individually reportable or (iii) have not been allocated to a reportable segment for the purpose of evaluating their performance, including certain general and administrative expense items. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 Midstream Logistics segment adjusted EBITDA increased by 172.2 million, or 50 , to 516.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 343.8 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in segment net income including noncontrolling interests of 186.9 million and increases in the add back related to loss on debt extinguishment of 28.0 million as the Company completed its comprehensive refinancing in June 2022, depreciation and amortization expense of 16.3 million and other one-time costs or amortization of 11.6 million due to new operations acquired through the Transaction, and loss on disposal of assets of 12.3 million for assets retired during 2022. The increase was offset by decreases in add back related to derivative loss due to the Winter Storm Uri of 13.5 million and producer settlement of 6.8 million as no similar credits were taken in 2022 and interest expense of 63.0 million as refinanced debt was consolidated under Corporate and Other for better risk management. 
 Pipeline Transportation segment adjusted EBITDA increased by 187.4 million, or NM, to 269.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 81.9 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was driven by investments in GCX and Shin Oak and a 100 increase in the Company s investment in PHP, which were all acquired through the Transaction in February 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company only held a 26.67 interest in PHP. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 The Company s primary use of capital since inception has been for the initial construction of gathering and processing assets, as well as the acquisition of the EMI pipelines and associated subsequent construction costs. For 2022, the Company s primary capital spending requirements were related to the PHP expansion project, integration by pipeline of the Alpine High gathering system with the legacy BCP system, certain integration-related synergies including the relocation of compression units and treating assets to the legacy BCP processing plants, the Company s contractual debt obligation, the Company s payment of quarterly cash dividends on its Class A Common Stock and distributions on Common Units as may be declared by the Board and cash payment upon redemption of all remaining mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units. 
 For 2023, the Company s primary capital spending requirements are related to the PHP expansion project and other budgeted capital expenditures for construction of gathering and processing assets and the Company s contractual debt obligations. The Company will continue to have Apache, Blackstone and I Squared reinvest 100 of their 2023 distribution and dividends into shares of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, the Board has approved a share repurchase program Repurchase Program authorizing discretionary purchases of the Company s Class A Common Stock up to 100 million in aggregate. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s primary sources of cash were distributions from the EMI pipelines, borrowings under the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility, proceeds from the offering of the Notes, and cash generated from operations. Based on the Company s current financial plan and related assumptions, including the Reinvestment Agreement and Class A Common Stock Repurchase Program, the Company believes that cash from operations and distributions from the EMI pipelines will generate cash flows in excess of capital expenditures and the amount required to fund the Company s planned quarterly dividend over the next 12 months. Additionally, the Company has locked in the floating base rate, see more information of floating base rate on its Term Loan through April 2023 to reduce short-term interest rate risk. See more information regarding the floating base rate in Note 8 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report Form 10-K. Further, the Company entered into an interest rate swap with a 1.00 billion notional that is effective from May 1, 2023 through May 31, 2025 swapping floating SOFR for a fixed swap rate of 4.46 . 
 Comprehensive Refinancing 
 
 On June 8, 2022, the Partnership completed the private placement of 1.00 billion aggregate principal amount of the Notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The Notes are issued under our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and include sustainability-linked features. In addition, the Partnership entered into a new Revolving Credit Agreement, which provides for a 1.25 billion senior unsecured Revolving Credit Facility maturing on June 8, 2027, and a new term loan agreement, which provides for a 2.00 billion senior unsecured Term Loan Credit Facility maturing on June 8, 2025. Proceeds from the Notes and the Term Loan Credit Facility were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under our existing credit facilities and to pay fees and expenses related to the offering. Refer to Note 8 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further information. 
 Capital Requirements and Expenditures 
 Our operations can be capital intensive, requiring investments to expand, upgrade, maintain or enhance existing operations and to meet environmental and operational regulations. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, capital spending for property, plant and equipment totaled 206.2 million, which included the Brandywine NGL Pipeline acquisition, and 78.0 million, respectively and intangible assets purchases of 15.4 million and 4.7 million, respectively. Management believes its existing gathering, processing, and transmission infrastructure capacity is capable of fulfilling its contracts to service its customers. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contributed 78.2 million to one of its EMI pipelines, PHP, for the 2022 Capacity Expansion Project, compared to 20.5 million contributed to the same period of 2021. See Note 20 Segment s in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for capital expenditure for each operating segment. 
 The Company estimates 2023 capital expenditures to be between 490 million and 540 million, which includes between 235 million and 265 million of Midstream Logistics capital and between 255 million and 275 million of Pipeline Transportation capital. 
 The Company anticipates its existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund the future capital expenditures for EMI pipelines and the Company s existing infrastructure assets over the next 12 months. For further information on EMIs, refer to Note 7 Equity Method Investments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following tables present cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities during the periods presented: 
 For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash provided by operating activities 613,006 235,569 Cash used in investing activities (286,130) (99,621) Cash used in financing activities (339,211) (136,810) 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities . Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 377.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period in 2021. The change in the operating cash flows reflected increases in net income including noncontrolling interests of 249.2 million, adjustments related to non-cash items of 79.0 million and cash provided by changes in working capital of 49.2 million. Period-to-period increase in non-cash adjustments was primarily driven by the new operations acquired through the Transaction, including three EMI pipelines and additional equity interests of the Company s existing EMI pipeline, PHP, acquired through the Transaction. The increase was offset by derivative fair value adjustment recognized during 2022. Period-to-period changes in working capital was primarily related to fluctuations in trade receivables and accrued liabilities due to timing of collection and payments. 
 Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities increased by 186.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in property, plant and equipment expenditure of 128.1 million, contributions made to the PHP expansion project of 57.6 million and intangible assets expenditure of 10.7 million. The increase in cash outflow was offset by an increase in cash inflow of 13.4 million acquired through the Transaction closed in February 2022. 
 Financing Activities . Net cash used in financing activities increased by 202.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases in cash outflow for redemption of noncontrolling interest Preferred Units of 461.5 million and redemption of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units of 183.3 million, cash dividends paid to holders of Class A Common Stock of 39.3 million, cash distributions paid to holders of Preferred Units of 8.8 million and reduction of equity contribution receipt of 14.9 million. The increase in cash outflow was offset by net proceeds from long-term debt of net payments to the Company s outstanding debts of 455.4 million and a reduction of cash distributions paid to holders of Class C Common Units of 50.0 million. 
 Dividend and Distribution Reinvestment Agreement 
 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Dividend and Distribution Reinvestment Agreement (the Reinvestment Agreement with certain stockholders including BCP Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC, APA Corporation Apache Midstream LLC, and certain individuals (each, a Reinvestment Holder ). Under the Reinvestment Agreement, each Reinvestment Holder is obligated to reinvest at least 20 of all distributions on Common Units or dividends on shares of Class A Common Stock in the Company s Class A Common Stock. Additionally, the Audit Committee resolved that for the calendar year 2022, 100 of all distributions or dividends received by each Reinvestment Holder would be reinvested in shares of Class A Common Stock. The Audit Committee approved a similar determination for 2023. In addition, the Board approved the Repurchase Program in February 2023 authorizing discretionary purchase of the Company s Class A Common Stock up to 100 million in aggregate. Shares acquired under the Repurchase Program are expected to be reissued under the Company s reinvestment plan, pursuant to the Reinvestment Agreement. 
 During 2022, the Company made cash dividend payments of 40.5 million to holders of Class A Common Stock and Common Units and 263.3 million was reinvested in shares of Class A Common Stock by each Reinvestment Holder. 
 Stock Split 
 On May 19, 2022, the Company announced the Stock Split with respect to its Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock in the form of a stock dividend. The Stock Split was accomplished by distributing one additional share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Class A Common Stock outstanding and one additional share of Class C Common Stock for each share of Class C Common Stock outstanding. The additional shares of Common Stock were issued on June 8, 2022 to holders of record at the close of business on May 31, 2022. 
 Dividend 
 On January 17, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of 0.75 per share on the Company s Class A Common Stock and a distribution of 0.75 per Common Unit from the Partnership to the holders of Common Units. Dividends are payable on February 16, 2023. Certain holders of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will receive a cash dividend with the balance receiving additional shares of Class A Common Stock under the Reinvestment Agreement. 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units 
 The Company issued Preferred Units on June 12, 2019. Because the Transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger, certain Preferred Units that were issued and outstanding were assumed at Closing for accounting purposes. The Company assumed 525,000 Preferred Units as well as 29,983 paid-in-kind PIK Preferred Units immediately after the Closing. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Since the Closing, the Company redeemed all outstanding Preferred Units and PIK units for an aggregate redemption price of 644.8 million. The Company recognized a gain of 9.6 million on redemption of the mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units and excess of carrying amount over redemption price of 109.5 million on redemption of the redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred Units. Refer to Note 12 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s key financial indicators at the dates presented: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 6,394 18,729 Total debt, net of unamortized deferred financing cost 3,368,510 2,307,702 Available committed borrowing capacity 855,000 133,000 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 6.4 million and 18.7 million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Total Debt and Available credit facilities 
 There is no assurance that the financial condition of banks with lending commitments to the Company will not deteriorate. The Company closely monitors the ratings of the banks in the Company s bank group. Having a large bank group allows the Company to mitigate the potential impact of any bank s failure to honor its lending commitment. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 
 We have contractual obligations for principal and interest payments on our term loan credit facility. See Note 8 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Under certain clauses of our transportation services agreements with third party pipelines to transport natural gas and NGLs, if we fail to ship a minimum throughput volume, then we will pay certain deficiency payments for transportation based on the volume shortfall up to the MVC amount. 
 For additional information regarding the Company s obligations, please see Note 8 Debt and Financing Costs , and Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company prepares its financial statements and the accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. We consider our critical accounting estimates to be those that require difficult, complex, or subjective judgment necessary in accounting for inherently uncertain matters and those that could significantly influence our financial results based on changes in those judgments. Critical accounting estimates cover accounting matters that are inherently uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown. Management routinely discusses the development, selection, and disclosure of the following critical accounting estimates. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Business Combination 
 For acquired businesses, we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition with any excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded to goodwill. Determining the fair value of these items requires management s judgment and/or the utilization of independent valuation specialists and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. See Note 3 Business Combination in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report Form 10-K for more information regarding our valuation approach. 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets used in operations are evaluated for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group. Individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes based on a judgmental assessment of the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. If there is an indication that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, the asset is assessed for impairment through an established process in which changes to significant assumptions such as service prices, throughput volumes, future development plans and fluctuation of commodity pricing are reviewed. If, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted pre-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to an estimated fair value. Such fair value is generally determined by discounting anticipated future net cash flows, an income valuation approach, or by a market-based valuation approach, which are Level 3 fair value measurements. The estimates and assumptions can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. An estimate of the sensitivity to changes in underlying assumptions of a fair value calculation is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions that can materially affect our estimates. 
 Equity Method Investment 
 We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the equity method investment may be impaired and that impairment is other than temporary. If an event occurs, we evaluate the recoverability of our carrying value based on the fair value of the investment. If an impairment is indicated, we adjust the carrying values of the investment downward, if necessary, to their estimated fair values. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of our equity method investments based on a number of factors, including discount rates, projected cash flows, and enterprise value. Estimating projected cash flows requires us to make certain assumptions as it relates to the future operating performance of each of our equity method investments (which includes assumptions, among others, about estimating future operating margins and related future growth in those margins, contracting efforts and the cost and timing of facility expansions) and assumptions related to our equity method investments, such as their future capital and operating plans and their financial condition. 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 All our derivative contracts are recorded at estimated fair value. We utilize published prices, broker quotes, and estimates of market prices to estimate the fair value of these contracts; however, actual amounts could vary materially from estimated fair values as a result of changes in market prices. In addition, changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. We do not anticipate future changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these derivative contracts. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 The Company is exposed to various market risks, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and credit risk as described below. The Company continually monitors its market risk exposure, including the impact and developments related to the armed conflict in Ukraine, increase in interest rate and inflation trend, which introduced significant volatility and uncertainties in the financial markets during 2022. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The results of the Company s operations may be affected by the market prices of oil and natural gas. A portion of the Company s revenue is directly tied to local crude, natural gas, NGLs and condensate prices in the Permian Basin. Fluctuations in commodity prices also impact operating cost elements both directly and indirectly. For example, commodity prices directly impact costs such as power and fuel, which are expenses that increase or decrease in line with changes in commodity prices. Commodity prices also affect industry activity and demand, thus indirectly impacting the cost of items such as labor and equipment rentals. Management regularly reviews the Company s potential exposure to commodity price risk and may periodically enter into financial or physical arrangements intended to mitigate potential volatility. Refer to Note 14 Derivative and Hedging Activities in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional discussion regarding our hedging strategies and objectives, including certain commodity hedges entered into during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The market risk inherent in our financial instruments and our financial position represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest bearing debt, net of deferred financing costs, with principal amount of 3.37 billion. The interest rate for the revolving and term loan credit facilities is variable, which exposes the Company to the risk of increased interest expense in the event of increases of short-term interest rates. Accordingly, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and the ability to make cash distributions could be adversely affected by significant increases in interest rates. If interest rates increase by 10.0 , the Company s consolidated interest expense would have increased by approximately 63.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 on a pro forma basis giving effect to the Company s comprehensive sustainability-linked refinancing completed at the beginning of the second quarter of 2022. To manage its exposure to interest rate movements, in November 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of 1.00 billion at a fixed rate of 4.46 that is effective from May 1, 2023 to May 31, 2025. Refer to Note 14 Derivative and Hedging Activities in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional discussion regarding our hedging strategies and objectives. The Company also expects to realize 0.05 reductions to the effective interest rates of both the revolving credit facility and the term loan credit facility during 2023 in relation to sustainability adjustment features embedded in these facilities. The rate reductions are dependent upon the Company meeting certain sustainability targets after 2022, which are currently subject to the completion of certain attestation procedures. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company is subject to credit risk resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by, or the insolvency or liquidation of third-party customers. Any increase in the nonpayment and nonperformance by, or the insolvency or liquidation of, the Company s customers could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary financial information required to be filed under this Item 8 are presented in page F-1 through F-43 in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director, in his capacity as principal executive officer, and the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer, in his capacity as principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation and as of the date of that evaluation, these officers concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, providing effective means to ensure that the information the Company is required to disclose under applicable laws and regulations is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 The Company periodically reviews the design and effectiveness of its disclosure controls, including compliance with various laws and regulations that apply to operations. The Company makes modifications to improve the design and effectiveness of its disclosure controls, and may take other corrective action, if the Company s reviews identify deficiencies or weaknesses in its controls. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included on page F-1 in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. See Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting, except as described in this Item 9A. As of December 31, 2022, the company is required to file a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued our audit report. See the Report of Management on Internal Control of Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, we may be required to disclose in our annual and quarterly reports to the SEC whether we or any of our affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by US economic sanctions. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any entity under common control with us (and the term control is also construed broadly by the SEC). 
 
 The description of the activities below has been provided to us by Blackstone Inc. BX ), affiliates of which: (i) beneficially own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock and are members of our board of directors, and (ii) hold a minority non-controlling interest in Atlantia S.p.A. Atlantia S.p.A. may therefore be deemed to be under common control with us; however, this statement is not meant to be an admission that common control exists. 
 
 The disclosure below relates solely to activities conducted by Atlantia S.p.A. The disclosure does not relate to any activities conducted by us or by BX and does not involve our or BX s management. Neither we nor BX has had any involvement in or control over the disclosed activities, and neither we nor BX has independently verified or participated in the preparation of the disclosure. Neither we nor BX is representing as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure nor do we or BX undertake any obligation to correct or update it. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 We understand that BX disclosed the following in its annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023: 
 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Funds affiliated with BX first invested in Atlantia S.p.A. on November 18, 2022 in connection with the voluntary public tender offer by Schema Alfa S.p.A. for all of the shares of Atlantia S.p.A., pursuant to which such funds obtained a minority non-controlling interest in Atlantia S.p.A. Atlantia S.p.A. owns and controls Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. ADR ), an operator of airports in Italy including Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport. Iran Air has historically operated periodic flights to and from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport as authorized, from time to time, by an aviation-related bilateral agreement between Italy and Iran, scheduled in compliance with European Regulation 95/93, and approved by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. ADR, as airport operator, is under a mandatory obligation to provide airport services to all air carriers (including Iran Air) authorized by the applicable Italian authority. The relevant turnover attributable to these activities (whose consideration is calculated on the basis of general tariffs determined by such independent Italian authority) in the quarter ended December 31, 2022 was less than 30,000. Atlantia S.p.A. does not track profits specifically attributable to these activities. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information set forth under the captions Election of Directors and Information About Our Executive Officers in the proxy statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company is required to adopt a code of conduct for its directors, officers, and employees. The Board has adopted the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics ), which was recently revised in November 2022. The Code of Ethics also meets the requirements of a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. One can access the Company s Code of Ethics on the Investor - Governance page of the Company s website at www.kinetik.com. Any stockholder who so requests may obtain a printed copy of the Code of Ethics without charge by submitting a request to the Company s corporate secretary at the address on the cover of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in and waivers to the Code of Ethics for the Company s directors, chief executive officer, and certain senior financial officers will be posted on the Company s website within four business days and maintained for at least 12 months. Information on the Company s website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information set forth under the caption Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information set forth under the captions Securities Ownership and Principal Holders, Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (if such a caption is included) in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 See Note 19 Related Party Transactions of the Company s consolidated financial statements, under Item 8 above, for information regarding related party transactions. The information set forth under the captions Certain Business Relationships and Transactions and Director Independence in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information set forth under the caption Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Auditor in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Documents included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 1 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID : 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 202 1 , and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Statements of Consolidated Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 F- 10 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 11 
 3. Business Combination 
 F- 21 
 4. Revenue Recognition 
 F- 23 
 5. Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 F- 24 
 6. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net 
 F- 24 
 7. Equity Method Investments 
 F- 25 
 8. Debt and Financing Costs 
 F- 27 
 9. Other Current Liabilities 
 F- 30 
 10. Leases 
 F- 30 
 11. Equity and Warrants 
 F- 31 
 12. Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units 
 F- 33 
 1 3. Fair Value Measurements 
 F- 33 
 14. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 F- 34 
 15. Share-Based Compensation 
 F- 35 
 16. Income Taxes 
 F- 36 
 17. Net Income Per Share 
 F- 37 
 18. C ommitments and Contingencies 
 F- 38 
 19. Related Party Transactions 
 F- 40 
 20. Segment I nformation 
 F- 41 
 21. S ub sequent Events 
 F- 43 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required, not applicable or the information required to be presented is included in the Company s financial statements and related notes. 
 Pursuant to Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X, the audited financial statements of Permian Highway Pipeline LLC, which is an equity method investment of the Company, is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibits 99.1 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 2.1 Contribution Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and among Altus Midstream Company, Altus Midstream LP, New BCP Raptor Holdco, LLC, and BCP Raptor Holdco, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kinetik Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kinetik Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 
 4.1 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and among APA Corporation, Apache Midstream LLC, Altus Midstream Company, New BCP Raptor Holdco, LLC, Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC, and BCP Raptor Holdco, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 .1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 
 4.2 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, by and among Altus Midstream Company, Apache Midstream LLC, Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC and the other holders party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated June 8, 2022, by and among Kinetik Holdings Inc., Kinetik Holdings LP, as issuer. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022). 
 4.4 Form of 5.875 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes (included in Exhibit 4.3) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022). 
 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Altus Midstream LP, dated as of October 22, 2021 . (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 
 10.2 Altus Midstream Company Restricted Stock Units Plan, dated December 31, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2018, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.3 Form of Director Grant Agreement, dated December 17, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.4 Altus Midstream Company 2019 Omnibus Compensation Plan, dated February 12, 2019, effective May 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 31, 2019, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.5 Altus Midstream Company Deferred Delivery Plan, dated May 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2019, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.6 Kinetik Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.8 Form of Stock Award Grant Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.10 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, SEC File No. 001-38048). 
 10.11 Dividend and Distribution Reinvestment Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, by and among Altus Midstream Company, Altus Midstream LP, APA Corporation, Apache Midstream LLC, Buzzard Midstream LLC, Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP and each of the other parties set forth on the signature pages thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 . 2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 23.2 Consent of BDO USA, LLP relating to the financial statements of Permian Highway Pipeline LLC. 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 99.1 Permian Highway Pipeline LLC audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interests and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required pursuant to Item 15 hereof. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. Dated: March 7, 2023 /s/ Jamie Welch Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: March 7, 2023 /s/ Steven Stellato Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 The officers and directors of Kinetik Holdings Inc., whose signatures appear below, hereby constitute and appoint each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), the true and lawful attorney-in-fact to sign and execute, on behalf of the undersigned, any amendment(s) to this report and each of the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys shall do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name Title Date /s/ Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer March 7, 2023 /s/ David Foley Chair March 7, 2023 /s/ John Paul Munfa Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Elizabeth Cordia Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Ronald Scweizer Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Joseph Payne Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Ben Rogers Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Laura Sugg Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Kevin McCarhty Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Mark Leland Director March 7, 2023 /s/ Deborah Byers Director March 7, 2023 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of Kinetik Holdings Inc. (the Company is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and include amounts that are based on management s best estimates and judgments. 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by a program of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and a written code of business conduct adopted by our Company s board of directors, applicable to all Company directors and all officers of our Company. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our assessment, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s independent auditors, KPMG, a registered public accounting firm, are appointed by the Audit Committee of the Company s board of directors. KPMG has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of Kinetik Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries. The reports of the independent auditors follows this report on page F-2 through F-5. 

/s/ Jamie Welch Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Steven Stellato Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Jake Loden Jake Loden Vice President Controller 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 7, 2023 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors Kinetik Holdings Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kinetik Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity and noncontrolling interests, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Evaluation of impairment indicators for long-lived assets 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses property, plant, and equipment, net and intangible assets, net (collectively, long-lived assets) for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Impairments exist when the carrying value of a long-lived asset exceeds the total estimated undiscounted net cash flows from the future use and eventual disposition of the asset. The carrying value of property, plant, and equipment, net and intangible assets, net as of December 31, 2022 was 2.5 billion and 695.4 million, respectively. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the evaluation of impairment indicators for long-lived assets as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the Company s judgments in determining whether events or changes in circumstances indicate carrying values may not be recoverable required a higher degree of subjective auditor judgment. Sustained decreases in pricing or throughput volumes and significant increases in competition or operating costs could significantly affect the recoverability of the long-lived assets, and the evaluation of these factors required a higher degree of auditor judgment. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s process to evaluate triggering events related to the impairment of long-lived assets. We assessed the Company s identification of potential impairment indicators by evaluating the Company s assessment of the factors identified. 
 Specifically, we: 
 
 read publicly available information to evaluate the performance of industry peers, commodity price trends, and overall macro-economic conditions 
 
 analyzed the financial results for the current period compared to historical results for long-lived assets to determine if there were significant degradations in the related cash flows 
 
 compared the remaining useful lives of the long-lived assets to the period of time required to recover the carrying value of the assets based on historical cash flows 
 
 read publicly available information for the industry, peers, and customers to determine whether a potential impairment indicator was not considered in management s analysis. 
 
 Fair value of certain acquired equity method investments 
 As discussed in Notes 3 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, on February 22, 2022, BCP Raptor Holdco, LP (BCP) completed a reverse merger with Altus Midstream Company (a publicly traded entity) (Altus) and Altus Midstream LP (consolidated subsidiary of Altus). As a result of the transaction, BCP applied the acquisition method of accounting. The acquired assets included equity method investments of 1.8 billion. BCP used an income approach, through a discounted cash flow method, and market approach, through a guideline public company method, to estimate the initial fair value of the acquired equity method investments. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of Permian Highway Pipeline LLC and Gulf Coast Express Pipeline LLC equity method investments as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the weighting of the income and market approaches. The weighting applied to those selected methods could have a significant effect on the determination of the initial fair value. Additionally, the audit effort associated with evaluating the fair value of certain acquired equity method investments required specialized skills and knowledge. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s acquisition-date valuation process, including a control related to the weighting of the methods used to estimate the initial fair value of the acquired equity method investments. We performed sensitivity analyses over the weighting of the methods to assess the impact on the Company s determination of initial fair value. 
 In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the fair value of certain acquired equity method investments by reviewing: 
 
 the selection of the discounted cash flow method 
 
 the selection of the guideline public company method 
 
 weighting to be applied to those methods to determine the fair value of the equity method investments by comparing to expectations based on similar transactions. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of assumed preferred units and associated embedded derivative 
 As discussed in Notes 3 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, on February 22, 2022, BCP completed a reverse merger with Altus. As a result of the transaction, BCP applied the acquisition method of accounting, which included recording the noncontrolling interest at fair value. The noncontrolling interest included 462.7 million of preferred units along with an 89.1 million associated liability for an embedded derivative. BCP used a stochastic interest rate model, specifically the Black Karasinski model (an income approach), to estimate the initial fair values of the preferred units and associated embedded derivative. 
 We identified the evaluation of the method the Company used to determine the initial fair value of the preferred units and associated embedded derivative assumed in the reverse merger with Altus as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the method used by the Company because the selection of the method could have a significant effect on the determination of the initial fair value. Additionally, the audit effort associated with evaluating the valuation method required specialized skills and knowledge. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s acquisition-date valuation process, including a control related to the selection of the method used to determine the fair value of the preferred units and associated embedded derivative. We read the Contribution Agreement and Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement to understand the nature, contractual terms and embedded features of the preferred units. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating whether the method used was reasonable and consistent with valuation practice given the characteristics of the preferred units and associated embedded derivative being measured. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 Houston, Texas March 7, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors Kinetik Holdings Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Kinetik Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity and noncontrolling interests, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

March 7, 2023 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Operating revenues: Service revenue Product revenue Other revenue Total operating revenues (1) 
 Operating costs and expenses: Costs of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) (2) 
 Operating expenses Ad valorem taxes General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses Loss on disposal of assets Goodwill impairment Total operating costs and expenses Operating income ) Other income (expense): Interest and other income Gain on redemption of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment ) Gain on embedded derivative Interest expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to Preferred Unit limited partners Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Net income (loss) attributable to Common Unit limited partners ) Net income attributable to Class A Common Stock Shareholders Net income attributable to Class A Common Shareholders per share Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares (3) 
 Basic Diluted 
 (1) million, million, and million associated with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Refer to Note 19 Related Party Transactions in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further information. 
 (2) million , million, and million associated with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Refer to Note 19 Related Party Transactions in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further information. 
 (3) 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except per share data) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2022 and 2021 (1) 
 Derivative assets Prepaid and other current assets NONCURRENT ASSETS: Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred charges and other assets Investment in unconsolidated affiliate Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES, NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS, AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Derivative liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt, net Other current liabilities NONCURRENT LIABILITIES Long term debt, net Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Contingent liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 18) Redeemable noncontrolling interest Common Unit limited partners EQUITY: Class A Common Stock: par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (2) 
 Class C Common Stock: par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (2) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) Total equity ) Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests, and equity 
 (1) million and associated with related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 19 Related Party Transactions in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further information. 
 (2) 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of contract costs Contingent liabilities remeasurement ) ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliate Derivatives settlement ) ) Derivative fair value adjustment ) Warrants fair value adjustment ) Gain on redemption of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units ) Loss on disposal of assets Equity in (earnings) losses from unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment ) ) Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes Goodwill impairment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities Operating leases ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Property, plant and equipment expenditures ) ) ) Intangible assets expenditures ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliate ) ) ) Cash proceeds from disposals Net cash acquired in acquisition Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Payments on debt issuance cost ) ) ) Proceeds from revolver Payments on revolver ) ) ) Redemption of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Units ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred Units ) Distributions paid to mandatorily redeemable Preferred Unit holders ) Distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred Unit limited partners ) Cash dividends paid to Class A Common Stock shareholders ) Consideration payable from acquisition ) Distribution paid to Class C Common Unit limited partners ) ) Equity contributions Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash ) ) ) CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Property and equipment and intangible accruals in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Class A Common Stock issued through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Fair value of ALTM assets acquired Class A Common Stock issued in exchange ALTM liabilities and mezzanine equity assumed 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Preferred Unit Limited Partners (1) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Unit Limited Partner Class A Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity Shares (2) 
 Amount Shares (2) 
 Amount (In thousands) (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2019 Contribution Net loss ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Contribution Distributions paid to Class Unit limited partners ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ALTM acquisition Distributions paid to Preferred Unit limited partners ) Redemption of Preferred Units ) Redemption of Common Units ) ) ) Excess of carrying amount over Preferred Units redemption price ) Issuance of common stock through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Step up in tax basis for Common Unit conversion Remeasurement of contingent consideration Net income Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Distributions paid to Common Units limited partners ) Cash dividends on Class A Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership Common Units and shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock, par value per share Class C Common Stock ). 
 The Company s stockholders immediately prior to the Closing continued to hold their shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value per share Class A Common Stock, and together with the Company s Class C Common Stock, Common Stock ). As a result of the Transaction, immediately following the Closing (i) Contributor held approximately of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, (ii) Apache Midstream LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Apache Midstream ), held approximately of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, and (iii) the Company s remaining stockholders held approximately of the issued and outstanding Common Stock. 
 The Company completed a -for-one Stock Split in the form of a stock dividend on June 8, 2022. All corresponding per-share and share amounts for periods prior to June 8, 2022 have been retrospectively restated elsewhere in this Form 10-K to reflect the -for-one Stock Split. However, the number of Common Units and shares of Class C Common Stock described in this Form 10-K in relation to the Transaction are presented at pre-Stock-Split amounts to be consistent with our previous public filings and the terms of the Contribution Agreement. 
 In connection with the Closing, the Company changed its name from Altus Midstream Company ALTM to Kinetik Holdings Inc. Unless the context otherwise requires, ALTM refers to the registrant prior to the Closing and we, us, our, and the Company refer to Kinetik Holdings Inc., the registrant and its subsidiaries following the Closing. 
 Organization 
 BCP was formed on April 25, 2017 as a Delaware limited partnership to acquire and develop midstream oil and gas assets. BCP s primary operating subsidiaries were EagleClaw Midstream Ventures, LLC EagleClaw and CR Permian Holdings, LLC CR Permian ). Both subsidiaries were formed to design, engineer, install, own and operate facilities and provide services for produced natural gas gathering, compression, processing, treating and dehydration, and condensate separation, stabilization, and storage, crude oil gathering and storage, water gathering and disposal assets. 
 ALTM was originally incorporated on December 12, 2016 in Delaware under the name Kayne Anderson Acquisition Corp. KAAC for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. KAAC completed its initial public offering in the second quarter of 2017. On August 3, 2018, Altus Midstream LP was formed in Delaware as a limited partnership and wholly-owned subsidiary of KAAC and entered into a contribution agreement with certain affiliates of Apache Corporation Apache and such affiliates the Altus Midstream Entities ), formed by Apache between May 2016 and January 2017, for the purpose of acquiring, developing, and operating midstream oil and gas assets in the Alpine High resource play and surrounding areas Alpine High ). On November 9, 2018, KAAC acquired all equity interests of the Altus Midstream Entities and changed its name to Altus Midstream Company. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 separate Permian Basin pipeline entities that have access to various markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. 

-for-one Stock Split on June 8, 2022. All corresponding per-share and share amounts for periods prior to June 8, 2022 have been retrospectively restated in this Form 10-K to reflect the -for-one Stock Split, except for the number of Common Units and shares of Class C Common Stock described above in relation to the Transaction, which are presented at pre-Stock-Split amounts. This presentation election is consistent with our previous public filings and the terms of the Contribution Agreement. 

2. 
 
 operating segments: (1) Midstream Logistics and (2) Pipeline Transportation. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 F-12 

Table of Contents 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

 Customer 2 Customer 3 Customer 4 Customer 5 Others Consolidated Operating Revenue 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of accounts receivable were derived from the above customers. All operating revenue derived from above customers are included in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately of the Company s cost of sales were derived from five producers. For the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately of the Company s cost of sales were derived from five producers. For the year ended December 31, 2020, approximately of the Company s cost of sales were derived from three producers. This concentration of producers may impact the Company's overall business risk, either positively or negatively, in that these entities may be similarly affected by changes in the economy or other conditions. We do not believe that a loss of revenues from any single customer would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 The Company had an allowance for credit losses of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are carried at the lower of cost or market value. We had imbalance payables of and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which approximate the fair value of these imbalances. Imbalance receivables and imbalance payables are included in Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable , respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Inventory was valued at million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 years Gathering and processing systems and facilities years Furniture and fixtures years Vehicles years Computer hardware and software years 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 asset retirement obligation has been recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 environmental liabilities were recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

The Company did t recognize impairment losses for long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 million and million within other assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership and the Company issued shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock, par value per share, to Contributor. Please refer to The Transaction above. 
 The Common Units are redeemable at the option of unit holders and accounted for in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as a redeemable noncontrolling interest classified as temporary equity. The Company records the redeemable noncontrolling interest at the higher of (i) its initial value plus accumulated earnings/losses associated with the noncontrolling interest or (ii) the maximum redemption value as of the balance sheet date. The redemption value was determined based on a 5-day volume weighted-average closing price of the Class A Common Stock. See discussion and additional details in Note 11 Equity and Warrant s in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Units 
 The Partnership issued Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units Preferred Units on June 12, 2019. As the Transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger, the Company assumed certain Preferred Units that were issued and outstanding at Closing for accounting purposes. 
 At the Close of the Transaction, the Company effectuated the Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership Partnership LPA ), which among other things, provides for mandatory pro-rata redemptions by the Partnership. Given this mandatory redemption feature and pursuant to ASC 480, liability classification is required for these Preferred Units and the pro rata PIK units. The Company values the liability as of each reporting date and records the change in valuation in the Other income (expenses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During 2022, the Company redeemed all outstanding mandatorily redeemable preferred units. 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Preferred Unit Limited Partners 
 The remaining Preferred Units assumed on the Closing Date do not contain a mandatory redemption feature and are accounted for on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as a redeemable noncontrolling interest classified as temporary equity in accordance with the terms of the Preferred Units, including the redemption rights with respect thereto. During 2022, the Company redeemed all outstanding redeemable noncontrolling Preferred Units. See discussion and additional detail in Note 12 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 net income per share was computed for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as Class A Common Stock was outstanding with respect to BCP as the accounting acquirer as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company uses the if-converted method to determine the potential dilutive effect of (i) an assumed exchange of outstanding Common Units (and the cancellation of a corresponding number of shares of outstanding Class C Common Stock) for shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) an assumed exercise of the outstanding public and private warrants for shares of Class A Common Stock. The dilutive effect of any earn-out consideration payable in shares is only included in periods for which the underlying conditions for the issuance are met. 
 million upon Closing. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock. Please refer to The Transaction discussed above. 
 The Transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger in accordance with ASC 805, which, among other things, requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair value. The Company also adopted ASU 2021-08, effective as of January 1, 2022, to record contract liabilities at their carrying value as of the acquisition date. Although the Company was the legal acquirer, BCP was determined to be the accounting acquirer and legal acquiree. As a result, BCP and its subsidiaries net assets were carried at historical value, acquired net assets were measured at fair value except contract liabilities being recorded at carrying value at the acquisition date, and results of operations of ALTM and its subsidiaries were included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements from the Closing Date going forward. 
 
 The purchase price allocation is based on an assessment of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition using inputs that are not observable in the market and thus level 3 inputs. The fair value of the processing plant, gathering system and related facilities and equipment are based on market and cost approaches. The initial value of the Preferred Units and associated embedded derivatives was based on expected future interest rates using the Black-Karasinski model and the assumed contingent liability was determined through a probability-weighted analysis of the expected future cash flows and other applicable valuation techniques. See additional details for Preferred Units in Note 12 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units and contingent liabilities in Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. In addition, the Company used an income approach by incorporation of discounted cash flow method, market approach through a guideline public company method and applied a weighting to the selected methods to estimate the fair values of the equity method investments, see additional details in Note 7 Equity Method Investments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. During the 12-month measurement period following the acquisition date, the Company made necessary adjustments as information became available to the purchase price allocation, including, but not limited to, working capital and valuation of the underlying assets of the equity method investments. The Company recorded goodwill of million relates to operational synergies as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Accounts receivable - affiliates Property, plant, and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Prepaid expense and other assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Accrued expenses and other accrued liabilities Long-term debt Embedded derivative liabilities Contract liabilities Mandatory redeemable Preferred Units Deferred tax liabilities Contingent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Preferred Unit limited partners Total consideration transferred 
 The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of million and million, which was included in the General and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations included results of operations from ALTM starting from February 23, 2022, which recorded revenues of million and net income of million, excluding intercompany revenue and cost of sales. 
 Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interest ) 
 Given the assumed pro forma transaction date of January 1, 2021, we removed million of acquisition-related expenses for the year ended months ended December 31, 2022 and recognized million of total acquisition-related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Natural gas, NGLs and condensate sales Other revenue Total revenues and other 
 There have been no significant changes to the Company s contracts with customers during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Contracts with customers acquired through the Transaction had similar structures as the Company s existing contracts with customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company recognized revenues from MVCs of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Our contractually committed revenue, for purposes of the tabular presentation above, is generally limited to customer contracts that have fixed pricing and fixed volume terms and conditions, generally including contracts with payment obligations associated with MVCs. 
 
 Contract Liabilities 
 
 Reclassification of beginning contract liabilities to revenue as a result of performance obligations being satisfied ) ) Cash received in advance and not recognized as revenue Balance as of December 31 Less: Current portion Non-current portion 
 
 Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of satisfying performance obligations under a contract, which result from contribution in aid of construction payments. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 million compared to that as of December 31, 2021. Higher contract liabilities balance reflected new projects assumed upon Closing of the Transaction and new projects started during 2022 with existing customers. 
 Contract Cost Assets 
 The Company has capitalized certain costs incurred to obtain a contract that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These costs are recovered through the net cash flows of the associated contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had contract acquisition cost assets of million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized cost of sales associated with these assets of million, million and million, respectively. 

5. 
 Vehicles Computers and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and accretion ) ) Total depreciable assets, net Construction in progress Land Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 The cost of property classified as Construction in progress is excluded from capitalized costs being depreciated. These amounts represent property that is not yet available to be placed into productive service as of the respective reporting date. The Company recorded million , million and million of depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Capitalized interest included in property, plant and equipment amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

6. 
 million in the Midstream Logistics segment as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Company s management assesses whether there have been events or circumstances that trigger the fair value of the reporting unit to be lower than its net carrying value since consummation of the Transaction and concluded that goodwill was t impaired as of December 31, 2022. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Right of way assets Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total amortizable intangible assets, net 
 The fair value of acquired customer contracts was capitalized as a result of acquiring favorable customer contracts as of the closing dates of certain past acquisitions and is being amortized using a straight-line method over the remaining term of the customer contracts, which range from one to . Right-of-way assets relate primarily to underground pipeline easements and have a useful life of and are amortized using the straight-line method. The right of way agreements are generally for an initial term of with an option to renew for an additional at agreed upon renewal rates based on certain indices or up to of the original consideration paid. 
 At December 31, 2022, remaining weighted average amortization periods for customer contracts and right of way assets were approximately years and years, respectively. Overall remaining weighted average amortization period for the intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 was approximately years. 
 The Company recorded million, million and million of amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There was impairment recognized on intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

7. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 Breviloba LLC Breviloba Gulf Coast Express Pipeline LLC GCX 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company owned of Epic Crude Holdings, LP EPIC ). However, no dollar value was assigned through the purchase price allocation as an adjustment was made to eliminate equity in losses of EPIC. additional contribution was made to EPIC and distribution or equity income was received from EPIC during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized basis differences included in the EMI pipelines balances were million. There was unamortized basis difference as of December 31, 2021. These amounts represent differences in the Company s contributions to date and the Company s underlying equity in the separate net assets within the financial statements of the respective entities. There was capitalized interest of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contributions Distributions ) ) Equity income, net Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Contributions Distributions ) ) ) ) Equity income, net (1) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, net of amortization of basis differences and capitalized interests, which represents undistributed earnings, the amortization was million from PHP, million from Breviloba and million from GCX. 
 (2) The EMIs acquired in the Transaction are included in the results from February 22, 2022 to December 31, 2022, and this is also the case for the additional of PHP that was acquired in the Transaction. The results of the legacy ALTM business are not included in the Company s consolidated financial statements prior to February 22, 2022. Refer to Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K, for further information on the Company s basis of presentation . 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 The following represented selected income statement and balance sheet data for the Company s EMI pipeline entities Operating income Net income 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income Net income 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Permian Highway Pipeline LLC Breviloba, LLC Gulf Coast Express Pipeline LLC Statements of Operations (In thousands) Revenues Operating income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Permian Highway Pipeline LLC Breviloba, LLC Gulf Coast Express Pipeline LLC Permian Highway Pipeline LLC Breviloba, LLC Gulf Coast Express Pipeline LLC Balance Sheets (In thousands) Current assets Noncurrent assets Total assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity 

8. 
 billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes ), which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The Notes are issued under our Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and include sustainability-linked features described below. 
 
 The Notes were issued at of their face amount and will mature on June 15, 2030. Interest accrues from the most recent date to which interest has been paid on the Notes or, if no interest has been paid, from and including June 8, 2022 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing December 15, 2022. million and were capitalized as debt issuance cost and included in the Condensed Balance Sheets as a direct deduction to the Notes as the Notes were transferred to third-party investors that pay the stated principal amount without deduction for the initial purchasers discount. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 per annum unless the Partnership delivers written notice to the trustee on or before the date that is 15 days prior to June 15, 2027 that the Partnership has satisfied, and an independent external verifier has confirmed satisfaction of the Sustainability Performance Targets SPT as defined in the indenture governing the Notes related to the three key performance indicators:(1) Reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity, (2) Reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 methane gas emissions intensity and (3) female representation in corporate officer positions. If the conditions set forth above have only been satisfied for one or two of the SPTs rather than all three, the interest rate accruing on the Notes will be increased by an additional per annum for each SPT which has not been satisfied and externally verified on June 15, 2027. If the interest rate accruing on the Notes is increased in the manner set forth above and the Partnership subsequently delivers written notice to the trustee that it has satisfied the SPTs set forth in clause (1) and (2) above and such satisfaction has been confirmed by an independent external verifier, on or before the date that is 15 days prior to June 15, 2029, the interest rate accruing on the Notes will be reduced by per annum for each such SPT. 
 
 The Partnership may redeem some or all the Notes at any time or from time to time prior to maturity based on terms prescribed in the indenture governing the Notes and the Notes. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On June 8, 2022, the Partnership entered into a revolving credit agreement (the RCA among Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent Bank of America ), and the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders. The RCA provides for a billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 The Partnership may prepay borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary SOFR breakage costs), subject to certain notice requirements. All borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility mature on June 8, 2027. The obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 The RCA provides for borrowings of either, at the Partnership s option, base rate loans or term SOFR loans. Base rate loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate as announced from time to time by Bank of America, (b) the greater of (i) the federal funds effective rate and (ii) the overnight bank funding rate, plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (c) the adjusted term SOFR rate for an interest period of one month plus , plus a margin that ranges between and , depending on the credit rating of the Partnership. SOFR loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the term SOFR rate for such interest periods plus , plus a margin that ranges between and , depending on the credit rating of the Partnership. million, which was capitalized and included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Prepaid and other current assets and Deferred charges and other assets. 
 In addition, the Partnership is required to pay to each lender a commitment fee on the daily unfunded amount of such lender s revolving commitment, which accrues at a rate that ranges between and depending on the credit rating of the Partnership. 
 Term Loan Credit Facility 
 On June 8, 2022, concurrently with the closing of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Partnership entered into a term loan credit agreement (the TLA among PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent PNC Bank ), and the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders. The TLA provides for a billion senior unsecured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan Credit Facility ). The TLA matures on June 8, 2025. The obligations under the TLA are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 The TLA provides for borrowings of either, at the Partnership s option, base rate loans or term SOFR loans. Base rate loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate as announced from time to time by PNC Bank, (b) the greater of (i) the federal funds effective rate and (ii) the overnight bank funding rate, plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (c) the adjusted term SOFR rate for an interest period of one month plus , plus a margin that ranges between and , depending on the credit rating of the Partnership. SOFR loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the term SOFR rate for such interest periods plus , plus a margin that ranges between and , depending on the credit rating of the Partnership. In obtaining the TLA, million, which was capitalized as debt issuance cost and included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a direct deduction to the Term Loan Credit Facility. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 increase or reduction to the effective interest rate, dependent upon the Company meeting certain sustainability targets after 2022. Sustainability Rate Adjustment means, with respect to any KPI Metrics Report, for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive , if neither of the Sustainability Performance Targets (as defined in the RCA and TLA) as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report have been satisfied for the relevant calendar year, (b) if only one of the Sustainability Performance Targets as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report has been satisfied for the relevant calendar year and (c) negative if both of the Sustainability Performance Targets as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report have been satisfied for the relevant calendar year; provided that, in each case, if the Partnership subsequently issues a sustainability-linked debt instrument linked to the same KPI Metric and with an observation date for such calendar year, but with a higher percentage of representation or reduction, as the case may be, the relevant Sustainability Performance Target shall be automatically adjusted upward to equal the percentage of representation or reduction, as applicable, required by such subsequent sustainability-linked debt instrument. 
 Sustainability Performance Targets in the RCA and TLA mean, for any calendar year, with respect to (a) the Female Representation KPI, the target percentage of female representation in corporate officer positions for such calendar year and (b) the Methane Emissions KPI, the percentage reduction in methane gas emissions intensity relative to the baseline year for such calendar year. 
 Both the RCA and the TLA contain customary covenants and restrictive provisions which may, among other things, limit the Partnership s ability to create liens, incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, or liquidate, dissolve, consolidate with, or merge into or with any other person. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership is in compliance with all customary and financial covenants. 
 Repayment of Existing Credit Facilities 
 In June 2022, the Company used the net proceeds from the Notes, together with cash on hand and proceeds from the term loan credit facility, to repay all outstanding borrowings under its existing credit facilities and to pay certain related fees and expenses. In conjunction with the extinguishment of existing outstanding borrowings, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately million. In addition, the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the existing outstanding borrowings were fully amortized and included in the loss on debt extinguishment calculation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The fair value of the Company and its subsidiaries consolidated debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was billion and billion, respectively. 
 billion unsecured term loan 
 billion 2030 senior unsecured notes 
 billion revolving line of credit 
 billion term loan 
 million term loan 
 million term loan 
 million revolving line of credit 
 Total Long-term debt Less: Debt issuance costs, net (1) 
 ) ) Less: Current portion, net ) Long-term portion of debt, net 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents ) ) Debt issuance costs Interest expense Total financing costs, net of capitalized interest 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the Notes and the Term Loan Credit Facility were million and million, respectively. The amortization of the debt issuance costs was charged to interest expense for the periods presented. The amount of debt issuance costs included in interest expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 million in unamortized deferred financing costs: 
 Fiscal Year Amount (In thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

9. 
 Accrued taxes Accrued salaries, vacation, and related benefits Accrued capital expenditures Accrued interest Accrued other expenses Total other current liabilities 
 Accrued product purchases mainly accrue the liabilities related to producer payments and any additional business-related miscellaneous fees we owe to third parties, such as transport or capacity fees as of December 31, 2022. 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Total operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Short-term lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company did t have material variable lease costs. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

11. 
 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership and shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock, par value per share. Please refer to The Transaction above. 
 The redemption option of the Common Unit is not legally detachable or separately exercisable from the instrument and is 
 non-transferable, and the Common Unit is redeemable at the option of the holder. Therefore, the Common Unit is accounted for 
 as redeemable noncontrolling interest and classified as temporary equity on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. During 2022, common units were redeemed on a -for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock were cancelled. There were Common Units and an equal number of Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Common Units fair value was approximately billion as of December 31, 2022. Fair value of the Common Units is estimated based on a quoted market price. 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Public Warrants (as defined below) outstanding. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one tenth of a share of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share (the Public Warrants). The Public Warrants will expire on November 9, 2023 or upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant with not less than days notice provided to the Public Warrant holders. However, this redemption right can only be exercised if the reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share for any -trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days prior to sending the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 As of December 31, 2022 there were Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) outstanding, of which Apache holds . The private placement warrants will expire on November 9, 2023 and are identical to the Public Warrants discussed above, except (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the initial holders or their respective permitted transferees and (ii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis (the Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ). 
 The Company recorded a fair value of thousand for the Public Warrants and a fair value of thousand for the Private Warrants as of December 31, 2022 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Other Current Liabilities . Refer to Note 13 Fair Value Measurement in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional discussion regarding valuation of the Warrants. 
 Dividend 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Dividend and Distribution Reinvestment Agreement (the Reinvestment Agreement with certain stockholders including BCP Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC, APA Corporation Apache Midstream LLC, and certain individuals (each, a Reinvestment Holder ). Under the Reinvestment Agreement, each Reinvestment Holder is obligated to reinvest at least of all distributions on Common Units or dividends on shares of Class A Common Stock in the Company s Class A Common Stock. Additionally, the Audit Committee resolved that for the calendar year 2022, of all distributions or dividends received by each Reinvestment Holder would be reinvested in newly issued shares of Class A Common Stock. As described in these Consolidated Financial Statements, as the context requires, dividends paid to holders of Class A Common Stock and distributions paid to holders of Common Units may be referred to collectively as dividends. 
 During 2022, the Company made cash dividend payments of million to holders of Class A Common Stock and Common Units and million was reinvested in shares of Class A Common Stock by each Reinvestment Holder. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of per share on the Company s Class A Common Stock and a distribution of per Common Unit from the Partnership to the holders of Common Units. Dividends are payable on February 16, 2023. Certain holders of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will receive a cash dividend with the balance receiving additional shares of Class A Common Stock under the Reinvestment Agreement. 
 
 Stock Split 
 On May 19, 2022, the Company announced that its Board approved and declared a -for-one stock split with respect to its Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, in the form of a stock dividend (the Stock Split ). The Stock Split was accomplished by distributing additional share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Class A Common Stock outstanding and additional share of Class C Common Stock for each share of Class C Common Stock outstanding. The additional shares of Common Stock were issued on June 8, 2022 to holders of record at the close of business on May 31, 2022. 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 Preferred Units issued and outstanding. Immediately prior to the Closing, on February 22, 2022, the Partnership redeemed for cash, Preferred Units in an amount equal to approximately million. The Company assumed the remaining Preferred Units as well as 
 paid-in-kind PIK Preferred Units that were issued and outstanding at the close of the acquisition. At the close, preferred units and associated PIK units became mandatorily redeemable and liability classified with the balance of preferred units remaining unchanged and classified as redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 During 2022, the Company redeemed all mandatorily redeemable preferred units for an aggregate million and recognized a gain of million, and the Company redeemed all noncontrolling interest Preferred Units for an aggregate million and recognized excess of carrying amount over redemption price of million. In addition, the Company bifurcated and recognized the embedded derivative associated with the noncontrolling interest Preferred Units related to the exchange option provided to the Preferred Unit holders under the terms of the Partnership LPA. As the Company redeemed all outstanding noncontrolling interest Preferred Units in July 2022 the embedded derivative liabilities were written off. The Company recorded gains of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was recorded as a Gain on embedded derivative in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Redemption, including PIK units ) ) Cash distribution paid to Preferred Unit limited partners ) Allocation of net income Accreted redemption value adjustment Excess of carrying amount over redemption price ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred Units, as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) Included PIK units on a pro rata basis. 

13. 
 Interest rate derivatives Total assets Commodity swaps Interest rate derivatives Public warrants Private warrants Total liabilities 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate derivatives Contingent liabilities Total liabilities 
 Our derivative contracts consist of an interest rate swap and commodity swaps. Valuation of these derivative contracts involved both observable publicly quoted price and certain inputs to the credit valuation that may not be readily observable in the marketplace. Refer to Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further discussion related to commodity swaps and interest rate derivatives. 
 , which is calculated based on key assumptions related to expected volatility of the Company s common stock, an expected dividend yield, the remaining term of the warrants outstanding and the risk-free rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the valuation. These assumptions are estimated utilizing historical trends of the Company s common stock, Public Warrants and other factors. The Company has recorded a liability of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 The carrying amounts reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the Company s remaining financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

14. 
 interest rate swaps on of the outstanding million term loan. These instruments were effective September 30, 2019 and included a mandatory termination date on November 19, 2024. The notional amounts of these swaps floated monthly such that of the total outstanding term loan was covered by the notional of the swaps over the life of the associated term facility. In June 2022, these interest rate swaps were terminated as BCP PHP s outstanding term loan credit facility was extinguished on June 8, 2022. Refer to Note 8 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the refinancing transactions. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 billion effective on May 1, 2023 and maturing on May 31, 2025. The Company pays a fixed rate of for the respective notional amount. 
 The fair value or settlement value of the consolidated interest rate swaps outstanding are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest rate swap derivative assets were million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest rate swap derivative liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded cash settlements on interest rate swap derivatives of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Interest Expense of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, the Company recorded fair value adjustments of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Interest Expense of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The results of the Company s operations may be affected by the market prices of oil, natural gas and NGLs. A portion of the Company s revenue is directly tied to local natural gas, natural gas liquids and condensate prices in the Permian Basin and the U.S. Gulf Coast. Fluctuations in commodity prices also impact operating cost elements both directly and indirectly. Management regularly reviews the Company s potential exposure to commodity price risk and manages exposure of such risk through commodity hedge contracts. 
 During 2022, the Company entered into commodity swap contracts based on the NGL-Mont Belvieu Purity Ethane-OPIS and Waha Basis index on various notional quantities of natural gas and NGLs. These index swaps are used to hedge against location price risk of the commodity resulting from supply and demand volatility and protect cash flows against price fluctuations. 
 NGL (short contracts) Commodity Swap Gallons ) 
 Similarly, in 2021 and 2020 BCP Raptor, LLC BCP I and BCP Raptor II, LLC BCP II had WTI crude hedges at a specific notional amount that provided for a fixed price for crude in the Permian Basin and Waha basis hub hedges on various notional quantities of gas that either provided a fixed price differential of natural gas in the Permian Basin relative to the NYMEX natural gas contract or provided a fixed price for natural gas in the Permian Basin. These commodity swaps expired before December 31, 2021. 
 million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Commodity swap derivative liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded cash settlements on commodity swap derivatives of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Product Revenue of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, the Company recorded fair value adjustments of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Product Revenue of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

15. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 shares (the Class A Shares ), post Stock Split, of the Company s Class A Common Stock. These Class A Shares are issued and outstanding as they were distributed pro rata to all holders of Class A-1 and Class A-2 units by the Common Unit limited partners from the common units, pre-Stock-Split, that such limited partners received upon the Closing. The Common Unit limited partners redeemed Common Units needed for the Class A shares distribution upon the Closing. The Class A Shares are held in escrow and will vest over three to . Similarly, the Class A-3 units were exchanged for approximately , post Stock Split, Class C Common Stock and Common Units (the Class C Shares and will vest over . The Company also issued approximately , post Stock Split, replacement restricted share awards Replacement Awards to new employees that transitioned from ALTM as part of the merger. These changes for all three share types established a new measurement date. The Class A Shares, Class C Shares and Replacement Awards were valued based on the Company s publicly quoted stock price on the measurement date, which was the Closing Date of the Transaction. 
 During 2022, pursuant to the Company s 2019 Omnibus Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan , the Company granted a total of restricted stock units RSUs to certain members of the Board, which were valued based on the Company s publicly quoted stock price on grant date and vested immediately on grant date, which will be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at such time elected by each non-employee director s deferral election form. The Company also granted a total of RSUs to employees during 2022, which were valued based on the Company s publicly quoted stock price on grant date and were subject to a vesting period between one and , subject to continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Once vested, the employee RSUs will be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 With respect to above shares and RSUs, the Company recorded compensation expenses of million, in the General and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statement of Operations, for year ended December 31, 2022 based on a straight-line amortization of the associated awards fair value over the respective vesting life of the shares. With respect to the above incentive units, compensation expenses were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as the incentive units were considered non-vested prior to their cancellation and exchange for Class A or Class C Common Stock, and RSUs were granted during 2021 or 2020. 

16. 
 Deferred income taxes: State Total 
 Tax attributable to Noncontrolling interest ) State tax rate Other Valuation allowance ) Effective rate 
 (1) Prior to the Closing on February 22, 2022, the Company was organized as a limited partnership and was not subject to the U.S. federal income tax for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

Net operating losses Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant, and equipment Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 The deferred tax liabilities recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 relate to these differences. 
 For federal purposes, the Company has a deferred tax asset related to our investment in the Partnership and net operating losses. 
 Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382 addresses company ownership changes and specifically limits the utilization of certain deductions and other tax attributes on an annual basis following an ownership change. The Company experienced an ownership change within the meaning of IRC Section 382 during 2022 (prior to the closing of the Transaction) that subjected certain of the Company s tax attributes, including net operating losses ("NOLs"), to an IRC Section 382 limitation. Since the ownership change, the Company has generated additional NOLs and other tax attributes that are not currently subject to an IRC Section 382 limitation. 
 Upon Closing, the Company assumed certain uncertain tax positions from ALTM. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740 Income Taxes , which prescribes a minimum recognition threshold a tax position must meet before being recognized in the financial statements. Tax positions generally refer to a position taken in a previously filed income tax return or expected to be included in a tax return to be filed in the future that is reflected in the measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities. 
 Increased related to ALTM acquisition Reductions related to current year activities ) Balance at end of year 
 Each quarter the Company assesses the amounts provided for and, as a result, may increase (expense) or reduce (benefit) the amount of interest and penalties. The Company has recorded no interest or penalties associated with its unrecognized tax benefit. Uncertain tax positions may change in the next twelve months; however, the Company does not expect any possible change to have a significant impact on the results of operations or financial position. If incurred, Company will record income tax interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, tax years 2018 through 2022 remain subject to examination by various taxing authorities. 

F-37 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 Less: Net income available to participating unvested restricted Class A common shareholders (1) 
 ) Excess preferred carrying amount over consideration paid (2) 
 Total net income attributable to Class A common shareholders Weighted average shares outstanding - basic (3) 
 Dilutive effect (4)(5) of unvested Class A common shares 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Net income available per common share - basic Net income available per common share - diluted 
 (1) Represents dividends paid to unvested restricted Class A common shareholders. 
 (2) Represented excess of carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred Units over redemption price at redemption. 
 (3) Share amounts have been retrospectively restated to reflect the Company s -for-one Stock Split. Refer to Note 11 Equity and Warrants in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (4) The effect of an assumed exchange of the outstanding public and private warrants for shares of Class A Common Stock would have been anti-dilutive for all periods presented in which the public and private warrants were outstanding. 
 (5) The effect of an assumed exchange of outstanding Common Units (and the cancellation of a corresponding number of shares of outstanding Class C Common Stock) would have been anti-dilutive for all periods presented in which the Common Units were outstanding. 
 Further discussion of the Company s outstanding common stock, warrants and any applicable redemption rights is provided in Note 11 Equity and Warrants . Further discussion of the Preferred Units and associated embedded features and earn-out consideration can be found in Note 12 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units and Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies , respectively. 

18. 
 accruals for loss contingencies. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 third parties to collect outstanding receivables totaling million that remain outstanding from the Winter Storm Uri during February of 2021. Given the counterparties sufficient creditworthiness and the valid claims that we hold, allowance has currently been established for these items as we have legally enforceable agreements with these parties. 
 Environmental Matters 
 As an owner of infrastructure assets with rights to surface lands, the Company is subject to various local and federal laws and regulations relating to discharge of materials into, and protection of, the environment. These laws and regulations may, among other things, impose liability on the Company for the cost of pollution clean-up resulting from operations and subject the Company to liability for pollution damages. The Company is not aware of any environmental claims existing as of December 31, 2022, that have not been provided for or would otherwise have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 2019 PDC Acquisition 
 As part of the acquisition of Permian Gas on June 11, 2019, consideration included a contingent liability arrangement with PDC Permian, Inc. PDC ). The arrangement requires additional monies to be paid by the Company to PDC on a per Mcf basis if the actual annual Mcf volume amounts exceed forecasted annual Mcf volume amounts starting in 2020 and continuing through 2029. The arrangement defines the incentive rate per Mcf for each qualifying year and the total monies paid under this arrangement are capped at million. Amounts are payable on an annual basis over the earn-out period. The fair value of the contingent liability recognized on the acquisition date of million was estimated utilizing the following key assumptions: (1) present value factors based on the Company s weighted-average cost of capital, 2) a probability weighted payout based on an estimate of future volumes and (3) a discount period consistent with the arrangement s life and the respective due dates of the potential future payments. Based on current forecasts and discussions with PDC, management revalued this contingent liability with updated assumptions at each reporting period. The Company did not expect PDC s actual annual Mcf volume amounts to exceed forecasted amounts as of December 31, 2022; therefore, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability was as of December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability related to this acquisition was million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Original Altus Transaction 
 As part of the Transaction, the Company assumed contingent liabilities of million related to earn-out consideration of up to shares of Class A Common Stock, which was part of the original Altus transaction, as follows: 
 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange NYSE during any -trading-day period ending prior to November 9, 2023 is equal to or greater than for any trading days within such -trading-day period. 
 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by the NYSE during any -trading-day period ending prior to November 9, 2023 is equal to or greater than for any trading days within such -trading-day period. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

19. 
 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock: BCP Raptor Aggregator LP, Blackstone Management Partners, LLC, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC and Apache Midstream, LLC. Out of these affiliates, the Company has product and service revenue contracts and operating expense contracts with Apache Midstream. In addition, Apache Midstream acquired Titus Oil and Gas, LLC Titus in October 2022, at which time Titus became a related party. 
 The Company identifies the below unconsolidated affiliates as related parties: 
 Also, upon Closing of the Transaction, the Company acquired initial equity interests in Breviloba, GCX and EPIC- and an additional equity interest in PHP. Investments in these EMIs are accounted for using the equity investment method and are considered unconsolidated affiliates. The Company makes contributions, receives distributions and records equity in earnings or losses from these EMIs. See Note 7 Equity Method Investments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further information. In addition to equity investment activities, the Company pays a demand fee to PHP and a capacity fee to Breviloba for certain volumes transported on the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. 
 Jetta Permian, LP Jetta and Primexx Energy Partners, Ltd. Primexx were affiliates of Blackstone under which we shared common control. Jetta became a related party effective with the Company s purchase of EagleClaw on June 22, 2017. Effective July 1, 2021, Jetta was acquired by EOG Resources, Inc. and was no longer considered a related party as of December 31, 2021. Primexx became a related party effective October 1, 2017. Effective October 6, 2021, Primexx was no longer considered a related party as it was purchased by Callon Petroleum Company. The Company has commercial gas gathering and processing contracts with Jetta and Primexx. 
 
 Operating expense Cost of sales 
 As of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable due from Apache Midstream and Titus totaled million and immaterial accounts payable were due to Apache Midstream or Titus. As of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable or payable were due from or to PHP or Breviloba. As of December 31, 2021, accounts receivable or payable were due from or to Jetta or Primexx. 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 20. 
 operating segments represent the Company s segments for which discrete financial information is available and is utilized on a regular basis by our chief operating decision maker CODM to make key operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. Our Chief Executive Officer is the CODM. These segments are strategic business units with differing products and services. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the reportable segments. Therefore, our operating segments represent our reportable segments. Upon Closing, our CODM reviewed the Company and ALTM s reporting segment activities. The Company then renamed its Gathering and Processing segment to Midstream Logistics and its Transmission segment to Pipeline Transportation. These name changes were made to better align segment activities with the name of the respective segment. There was no change in segment composition or structure for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 aside from the additions of new operations as a result of the Transaction. 
 The activities of each of our reportable segments from which the Company earns revenues, records equity earnings or losses and incurs expenses are described below: 
 
 Midstream Logistics: The Midstream Logistics segment operates under service offerings, 1) gas gathering and processing, 2) crude oil gathering, stabilization and storage services and 3) water gathering and disposal. 
 Pipeline Transportation: The Pipeline Transportation segment consists of equity investment interests in Permian Basin pipelines that access various points along the Texas Gulf Coast, Brandywine NGL Pipeline and Delaware Link Pipeline that is under development. The current operating pipelines transport crude oil, natural gas and NGLs. 
 ) Add back: Interest expense (income) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Share-based compensation Loss (gain) on disposal of assets ) Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment ) Integration costs Acquisition transaction costs Other one-time costs or amortization Deduct: Warrant valuation adjustment Gain on redemption of mandatorily redeemable Preferred units Gain on embedded derivative Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates Segment adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 ) 
 F-41 

Table of Contents ) Add back: Interest expense Income tax expense Depreciation and amortization Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Loss on disposal of assets Derivatives loss due to Winter Storm Uri Acquisition transaction costs Other one-time costs or amortization Producer settlement Deduct: Interest income Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates Gain on debt extinguishment Segment adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 ) 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Corporate and Other (1) 
 Consolidated (2) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Segment loss including noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Add back: Interest expense Income tax expense Depreciation and amortization Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Goodwill impairment Loss on disposal of assets Loss from unconsolidated affiliate Deduct: Interest income Gain on debt extinguishment Segment adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Corporate and Other represents those results that: (i) are not specifically attributable to a reportable segment; (ii) are not individually reportable or (iii) have not been allocated to a reportable segment for the purpose of evaluating their performance, including certain general and administrative expense items. 
 (2) Results do not include legacy ALTM prior to February 22, 2022. Refer to Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, for further information on the Company s basis of presentation. 
 (3) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure; please see Key Performance Metrics in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K, for a definition and reconciliation to the GAAP measure. 
 The following tables present the revenue for each individual operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Consolidated For the year ended December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Revenue Other revenue Total segment operating revenue 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenue Total segment operating revenue 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Consolidated For the year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Revenue Other revenue Total segment operating revenue 
 The following table presents total capital expenditures, including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, for each operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Total capital expenditures 
 The following table presents total assets for each operating segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation (1) 
 Segment total assets Corporate and other Total assets 
 (1) Includes investment in unconsolidated affiliates of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

21. 
 million in the aggregate. Repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time, in accordance with applicable securities laws, on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions and may be made pursuant to a trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. Privately negotiated repurchases from affiliates are also authorized under the Repurchase Program, subject to such affiliates interest and other limitations. The repurchases will depend on market conditions and may be discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 
 F-43 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 kntkexhibit211202210-k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 Listing of Subsidiaries 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation ALTUS MIDSTREAM GATHERING LP Delaware ALTUS MIDSTREAM NGL PIPELINE LP Delaware ALTUS MIDSTREAM PIPELINE LP Delaware ALTUS MIDSTREAM PROCESSING LP Delaware ALTUS MIDSTREAM SUBSIDIARY GP LLC Delaware BCP MANAGEMENT SERVICES, LLC Delaware BCP PHP INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO, LLC Delaware BCP PHP, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR HOLDCO GP, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR HOLDCO, LP Delaware BCP RAPTOR II, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR III, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO II, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO III, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR MIDCO, LLC Delaware BCP RAPTOR, LLC Delaware BCP RESIDUE PIPECO, LLC Delaware BRANDYWINE NGL, LLC Delaware CR FIELD SERVICES, LLC Texas CR PERMIAN CRUDE, LLC Texas CR PERMIAN HOLDINGS, LLC Texas CR PERMIAN NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION, LLC Texas CR PERMIAN PROCESSING LLC Texas DELAWARE LINK VENTURES HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware DELAWARE LINK VENTURES, LLC Delaware DEW POINT MIDSTREAM, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW CRUDE MARKETING, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW GAS GATHERING, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW INTRASTATE VENTURES, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW MARKETING, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW MIDSTREAM VENTURES, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW PROCUREMENT COMPANY, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW TOYAH VENTURES HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware EAGLECLAW TOYAH VENTURES, LLC Delaware KINETIK HOLDINGS GP LLC Delaware KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. Delaware KINETIK HOLDINGS LP Delaware KINETIK NGL, LLC Delaware PERMIAN GAS LLC Delaware PINNACLE MIDSTREAM, LLC Delaware PINNACLE TRANSPECOS MIDSTREAM GAS, LLC Delaware PINNACLE TRANSPECOS MIDSTREAM, LLC Delaware PINNACLE TRANSPECOS PROCESSING, LLC Delaware PINNACLE TRANSPECOS STABILIZATION, LLC Delaware SIERRA GRANDE CONNECTOR, LLC Delaware 
 
 1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 kntkexhibit231202210-k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-262043) on Form S-3, (No. 333-266106) on Form S-3, (No. 333-264117) on Form S-3D and (No. 333-234475) on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Kinetik Holdings Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 kntkexhibit232202210-k.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

 Consent of Independent Auditor 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-266106 and No. 333-262043), Form S-3D (No. 333-264117) and Form S-8 (No. 333-234475) of Kinetik Holdings Inc. Kinetik of our report dated February 15, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Permian Highway Pipeline LLC, which appears as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetik. 

s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 7, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 kntkexhibit311202210-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Jamie Welch, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 s Jamie Welch Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 kntkexhibit312202210-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Steven Stellato, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 s Steven Stellato Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 kntkexhibit321202210-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 I, Jamie Welch, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetik Holdings Inc. for the period ending December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and that information contained in such report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 s Jamie Welch 
 Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 kntkexhibit322202210-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 I, Steven Stellato, Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Operating Officer, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetik Holdings Inc. for the period ending December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and that information contained in such report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 
 Date March 7, 2023 
 s Steven Stellato 
 Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 php_20221231report-jvxissu.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 With Report of Independent Auditor 
 
 PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 Number 
 Report of Independent Auditor 1 Financial Statements 
 S tatement s of Operations 
 3 Balance Sheet s 
 4 Statement s of Cash Flows 
 5 Statements of Members Equity 6 Notes to Financial Statements 7 

Report of Independent Auditor 
 
 Board of Directors and Members Permian Highway Pipeline LLC 
 Houston, Texas 
 
 Opinion 
 
 We have audited the financial statements of Permian Highway Pipeline LLC (the Company ), which comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, members equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the financial statements. 
 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 
 Emphasis of Matter Significant Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has entered into significant transactions with related parties. 
 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. 
 
 Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we 
 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
 1 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 
 We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 15, 2023 

2 

PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 396,846 397,237 7,220 Operating Costs and Expenses Operations and maintenance 29,232 50,277 2,453 Depreciation and amortization 77,827 76,244 5,969 General and administrative 6,701 6,435 81 Taxes, other than income taxes 22,046 27,051 515 Total Operating Costs and Expenses 135,806 160,007 9,018 Operating Income (Loss) 261,040 237,230 (1,798) Other Income (Expense) Interest Income 626 5 512 Other, net 442 350 150 Total Other Income 1,068 355 662 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes 262,108 237,585 (1,136) Income Tax Expense (1,080) (1,057) (4) Net Income (Loss) 261,028 236,528 (1,140) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

3 

PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 59,169 34,495 Accounts receivable 15,242 13,307 Accounts receivable from affiliates 18,463 20,642 Other current assets 1,897 1,551 Total current assets 94,771 69,995 Property, plant and equipment, net 2,308,580 2,265,306 Deferred charges 2,159 2,634 Total Assets 2,405,510 2,337,935 LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable 34,857 4,888 Accounts payable to affiliates 4,818 2,769 Accrued taxes, other than income taxes 21,093 24,792 Natural gas imbalance payable 918 1,910 Other current liabilities 1,706 2,298 Total current liabilities 63,392 36,657 Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Members Equity 2,342,118 2,301,278 Total Liabilities and Members Equity 2,405,510 2,337,935 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 4 

PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income (loss) 261,028 236,528 (1,140) Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities 
 Depreciation and amortization 77,827 76,244 5,969 Other non-cash item (600) Change in components of working capital Accounts receivable 244 (30,886) (3,063) Accounts payable 4,513 1,215 3,099 Accrued taxes, other than income taxes (3,699) 24,910 (121) Other current assets and liabilities (1,930) 2,989 (128) Other long-term assets 475 (475) (2,159) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 337,858 310,525 2,457 Cash Flows From Investing Activities Capital expenditures (94,156) (109,355) (1,180,206) Other 1,160 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (92,996) (109,355) (1,180,206) Cash Flows From Financing Activities Contributions from Members 119,545 96,960 1,111,274 Distributions to Members (339,733) (276,257) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities (220,188) (179,297) 1,111,274 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 24,674 21,873 (66,475) Cash and Cash Equivalents, beginning of period 34,495 12,622 79,097 Cash and Cash Equivalents, end of period 59,169 34,495 12,622 Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities Net increase in property, plant and equipment accruals 27,505 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 5 

PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Beginning Balance 2,301,278 2,244,047 1,133,913 Net income (loss) 261,028 236,528 (1,140) Contributions 119,545 96,960 1,111,274 Distributions (339,733) (276,257) Ending Balance 2,342,118 2,301,278 2,244,047 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

6 

PERMIAN HIGHWAY PIPELINE LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. General 
 
 We are a Delaware limited liability company, formed on August 8, 2018. When we refer to us, we, our, the Company, or PHP, we are describing Permian Highway Pipeline LLC. 
 
 The Members interests in us are as follows 
 
 26.66665 - Kinder Morgan Texas Pipeline LLC (KMTP), an indirect subsidiary of Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) 
 26.66665 - BCP PHP LLC (BCP), an indirect subsidiary of Kinetik Holdings Inc. (Kinetik) 
 26.66670 - Altus Midstream Processing LP (Altus) , an indirect subsidiary of Kinetik in which Apache Corporation owns a noncontrolling equity interest and 
 20 - ExxonMobil Permian Highway Pipeline LLC (ExxonMobil PHP), a wholly owned subsidiary of ExxonMobil Corporation. 
 
 In February 2022, Kinetik completed an all stock reverse merger with BCP Raptor Holdco, LP (Holdco) (a portfolio company of Blackstone Energy Partners), which included Holdco's indirect interest in BCP. Subsequently, Kinetik owns a combined 53.333 interest in us. 
 
 We were formed to develop, construct, own, operate and maintain the PHP pipeline system. Beginning in the Waha, Texas area and extending to the U.S. Gulf Coast and Mexico markets, the 435-mile pipeline is designed to transport up to approxima tely 2.1 billi on cubic feet per day of natural gas. We commenced construction on an expansion project for the PHP pipeline system to increase our capacity by approximately 550,000 dekatherms per day. ExxonMobil PHP has elected not to participate in this project, which will impact its ownership percentage in us once the project is placed in service. 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 We have prepared our accompanying financial statements in accordance with the accounting principles contained in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification, the single source of United States (U.S.) Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 
 Management has evaluated subsequent events through February 15, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 Certain amounts included in or affecting our financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated, requiring us to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions which cannot be known with certainty at the time our financial statements are prepared. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities, our revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and our disclosures, including those related to contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. Any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. 
 
 7 

Certain accounting policies are of more significance in our financial statement preparation process than others, and set out below are the principal accounting policies we apply in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Cash Equivalents 
 
 We define cash equivalents as all highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 We evaluate our financial assets measured at amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures for expected credit losses over the contractual term of the asset or exposure. We consider available information relevant to assessing the collectability of cash flows including the expected risk of credit loss even if that risk is remote. We measure expected credit losses on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist and we reflect the expected credit losses on the amortized cost basis of the financial asset as of the reporting date. 
 
 Our financial instruments primarily consist of our accounts receivable from customers. We utilized historical analysis of credit losses experienced over the previous five years along with current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions in our evaluation of collectability of our financial assets. 
 
 We had no allowance for credit losses recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Natural Gas Imbalances 
 
 Natural gas imbalances occur when the amount of natural gas delivered from or received by a pipeline system differs from the scheduled amount of gas to be delivered or received. We value these imbalances due to or from shippers and operators at current index prices. Imbalances are settled in cash or made up in-kind. Imbalances due from others are reported on our accompanying Balance Sheets in Other current assets. Imbalances owed to others are reported on our accompanying Balance Sheets in Natural gas imbalance payable. We classify all imbalances due from or owed to others as current as we expect to settle them within a year. 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
 
 Our property, plant and equipment is recorded at its original cost of construction. For constructed assets, we capitalize all construction-related direct labor and material costs, as well as indirect construction costs. The indirect capitalized labor and related cost amounts were established in the Construction Management Agreement (CMA) which represented the estimate of labor and related costs associated with supporting construction projects. We expense costs for routine maintenance and repairs in the period incurred. 
 
 We use the composite method to depreciate our property, plant and equipment. Under this method, assets with similar economic characteristics are grouped and depreciated as one asset. When property, plant and equipment is retired, accumulated depreciation and amortization is charged for the original costs of the assets in addition to the costs to remove, sell or dispose of the assets, less salvage value. We do not recognize gains or loss es, unless we sell land, upon normal retirement of assets under the composite depreciation method. 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) 
 
 We record liabilities for obligations related to the retirement and removal of long-lived assets used in our business. We record, as liabilities, the fair value of ARO on a discounted basis when they are incurred and can be reasonably estimated, which is typically at the time the assets are installed or acquired. Amounts recorded for the related assets are increased by the amount of these obligations. Over time, the liabilities increase due to the change in their present value, and the initial capitalized costs are depreciated over the useful lives of the related assets. The liabilities are eventually extinguished when the asset is taken out of service. 
 8 

We are required to operate and maintain our natural gas pipeline system, and intend to do so as long as supply and demand for our services exists, which we expect for the foreseeable future. Therefore, we believe that we cannot reasonably estimate the ARO for our assets because these assets have indeterminate lives. We continue to evaluate our ARO and future developments could impact the amounts we record. An ARO, if any, will be recognized once sufficient information is available to reasonably estimate the fair value of the obligation. We had no A RO recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Long-lived Asset Impairments 
 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable. These events include changes in the manner in which we intend to use a long-lived asset, decisions to sell an asset and adverse changes in market conditions, or in the legal or business environment, such as adverse actions by regulators. If an event occurs, which is a determination that involves judgment, we evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived asset based on its ability to generate future cash flows. If an impairment is indicated, or if we decide to sell a long-lived asset or group of assets, we adjust the carrying value of the asset downward, if necessary, to its estimated fair value. 
 
 We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets using a two-step approach. To determine if a long-lived asset is recoverable, we compare the asset s estimated undiscounted cash flows to its carrying value (step 1). If the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is in excess of estimated undiscounted cash flows, we typically use discounted cash flow analyses to calculate the fair value of the long-lived asset to determine if an impairment is required and the amount of the impairment losses to be recognized (step 2). 
 
 Our fair value estimates are generally based on assumptions market participants would use, including market data obtained through the sales process or an analysis of expected discounted future cash flows. There were no impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 We review our contracts with customers using the following steps to recognize revenue based on the transfer of goods or services to customers and in amounts that reflect the consideration th e comp any expects to receive for those goods or services. The steps include (i) identify the contract (ii) identify the performance obligations of the contract (iii) determine the transaction price (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and then (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. Each of these steps involves management judgment and an analysis of the contract s material terms and conditions. 
 
 Our revenues are generated from the transportation of natural gas under firm service customer contracts with take-or-pay elements (principally for capacity reservation) where both the price and quantity are fixed. Generally, for these contracts (i) our promise is to transfer (or stand ready to transfer) a series of distinct integrated services over a period of time, which is a single performance obligation (ii) the transaction price includes both fixed and or variable consideration which is determinable at contract inception and or at each month end based on our right to invoice at month end for the value of services provided to the customer that month and (iii) the transaction price is recognized as revenue over the service period specified in the contract as the services are rendered. In these arrangements, the customer is obligated to pay for services associated with its take-or-pay obligation regardless of whether or not the customer chooses to utilize the service in that period. Because we make the service continuously available over the service period, we recognize the take-or-pay amount as revenue ratably over such period based on the passage of time. 
 
 The natural gas we receive under our transportation contracts remains under the control of our customers. Under firm service contracts, the customer generally pays a two-part transaction price that includes (i) a fixed fee reserving the right to transport natural gas in our facilities up to contractually specified capacity levels (referred to as reservation and (ii) a fee- 
 9 

based per-unit rate for quantities of natural gas actually transported in excess of contractual quantities. In our firm service contracts we generally promise to provide a single integrated service each day over the life of the contract, which is fundamentally a stand-ready obligation to provide services up to the customer s reservation capacity prescribed in the contract. Our customers have a take-or-pay payment obligation with respect to the fixed reservation fee component, regardless of the quantities they actually transport. In other cases, generally described as interruptible service, there is no fixed fee associated with these transportation services because the customer accepts the possibility that service may be interrupted at our discretion in order to serve customers who have firm service contracts. We do not have an obligation to perform under interruptible customer arrangements until we accept and schedule the customer s request for periodic service. The customer pays a transaction price based on a fee-based per-unit rate for the quantities actually transported. 
 
 Refer to Note 5 for further information. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We capitalize or expense, as appropriate, environmental expenditures. We capitalize certain environmental expenditures required to obtain rights-of-way, regulatory approvals or permitting as part of the construction of facilities we use in our business operations. We accrue and expense environmental costs that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations, which do not contribute to current or future revenue generation. We generally do not discount environmental liabilities to a net present value, and we record environmental liabilities when environmental assessments and or remedial efforts are probable and we can reasonably estimate the costs. Generally, our accrual of these environmental liabilities coincides with either our completion of a feasibility study or our commitment to a formal plan of action. We recognize receivables for anticipated associated insurance recoveries when such recoveries are deemed to be probable. 
 We routinely conduct reviews of potential environmental issues and claims that could impact our assets or operations. These reviews assist us in identifying environmental issues and estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts. We also routinely adjust our environmental liabilities to reflect changes in previous estimates. In making environmental liability estimations, we consider the material effect of environmental compliance, pending legal actions against us, and potential third-party liability claims we may have against others. Often, as the remediation evaluation and effort progresses, additional information is obtained, requiring revisions to estimated costs. These revisions are reflected in our income in the period in which they are reasonably determinable. 
 
 We are subject to environmental cleanup and enforcement actions from time to time. In particular, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act generally imposes joint and several liability for cleanup and enforcement costs on current and predecessor owners and operators of a site, among others, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, subject to the right of a liable party to establish a reasonable basis for apportionment of costs. Our operations are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment. Although we believe our operations are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, risks of additional costs and liabilities are inherent in our operations, and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant costs and liabilities. Moreover, it is possible that other developments could result in substantial costs and liabilities to us, such as increasingly stringent environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies under the terms of authority of those laws, and claims for damages to property or persons resulting from our operations. 
 
 Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcomes, we believe that the resolution of the environmental matters, and other matters to which we are a party, will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We had no a ccruals for any outstanding environmental matters as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We are a limited liability company that is treated as a partnership for income tax purposes and are not subject to federal or state income taxes. Accordingly, no provision for federal or state income taxes has been recorded in our financial statements. The tax effects of our activities accrue to our Members who report on their individual federal income tax returns their share of 
 10 

revenues and expenses. However, we are subject to Texas margin tax (a revenue based calculation), which is presented as Income Tax Expense on our accompanying Statements of Operations. 
 
 3. Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
 
 Our property, plant and equipment, net consisted of the following 
 Annual Depreciation Rates December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Transmission facilities 3.33 2,247,572 2,249,547 Intangible plant 3.33 86,672 85,390 General plant 10.0 - 20.0 2,192 2,162 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (160,040) (82,213) 2,176,396 2,254,886 Land 3,208 2,360 Construction work in progress 128,976 8,060 Property, plant and equipment, net 2,308,580 2,265,306 
 
 4. Related Party Transactions 
 
 LLC Agreement 
 
 Under the terms of the LLC Agreement, our Members are obligated to make capital contributions to fund the construction of our pipeline. 
 Affiliate Agreements 
 We have an Operations and Maintenance Agreement (OMA) with KMTP to operate, maintain, and administer the pipeline and facilities which began when it was initially placed into partial in-service. Pursuant to the OMA, we pay KMTP an annual charge payable in equal monthly installments beginning with the full in-service of the pipeline system. During 2020, until the completion of the construction phase and pursuant to the CMA, we paid KMTP an owner fixed capital charge payable in monthly installments. 
 Affiliate Balances and Activities 
 We do not have employees. Employees of KMI provide services to us. In accordance with our governance documents, we reimburse KMI at cost. 
 
 The following table summarizes our other balance sheet affiliate balances not presented separately on the accompanying Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Natural gas imbalance receivable(a) 119 Deferred charges 1,568 1,568 Natural gas imbalance payable 496 1,475 
 (a) Included in Other current assets on our accompanying Balance Sheets. 
 
 11 

The following table shows revenues and costs from our affiliates 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Revenues 234,785 241,951 6,294 Operations and maintenance(a) 19,357 30,790 1,755 General and administ rative(b) 
 5,633 5,522 2 Capitalized costs(b) 5,088 885 42,806 
 (a) Includes costs associated with capacity lease agreements. Refer to Note 6 Litigation and Commitments Commitments Capacity Lease Commitments for further information. 
 (b) Includes costs associated with the affiliate agreements described above. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022 and through the issuance of this report, we made a cash distribution to and received cash contributions from our Members totaling 32,109,000 and 22,542,000, respectively. 
 
 5. Revenue Recognition 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenues 
 
 The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by revenue source and type of revenue for each revenue source 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Revenue from contracts with customers Services Firm services 395,310 395,309 Fee-based services 1,536 1,928 7,220 Total revenues from contracts with customers 396,846 397,237 7,220 
 
 Major Customers 
 
 The following table presents revenues from our largest customers, each of which exceeded 10 of our revenues as determined for each year individually and irrespective of the other periods presented below 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Revenues from largest affiliated customer (number one) 81,377 81,377 1,957 Revenues from largest affiliated customer (number two) 75,241 75,226 1,689 Revenues from largest affiliated customer (number three) 64,063 70,852 1,353 Revenues from largest affiliated customer (number four) n a n a 1,295 Revenues from largest non-affiliated customer (number one) 75,190 75,171 908 Revenues from largest non-affiliated customer (number two) 56,393 56,393 n a 
 12 

n a - not applicable 
 
 6. Litigation and Commitments 
 
 We are party to various legal, regulatory and other matters arising from the day-to-day operations of our business t hat may result in claims against the Company. Although no assurance can be given, we believe, based on our experiences to date and taking into account established reserves, that the ultimate resolution of such items will not have a material adverse impact to our business. We believe we have meritorious defenses to the matters to which we are a party and intend to vigorously defend the Company. When we determine a loss is probable of occurring and is reasonably estimable, we accrue an undiscounted liability for such contingencies based on our best estimate using information available at that time. If the estimated loss is a range of potential outcomes and there is no better estimate within the range, we accrue the amount at the low end of the range. We disclose contingencies where an adverse outcome may be material, or in the judgment of management, we conclude the matter should otherwise be disclosed. 
 
 Legal Proceeding 
 
 Blanco County Landowner Litigation 
 
 On January 7, 2021, a lawsuit was filed in state court in Blanco County, Texas against PHP, KMTP, MPG Pipeline Contractors, LLC, and Hard Rock Directional Drilling LLC by several landowners representing some 25 separate tracts of property in Blanco County alleging their properties, and especially their water wells, were contaminated during construction of the Permian Highway Pipeline. The parties agreed to settle the case in October 2022, and the parties closed the settlement in January 2023. All of the parties have asked the Court to dismiss the case. The case is entitled Randolph Paul Oakes, et al. v. PHP, et al . 
 
 General 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 7,050,000 and none, respectively, accrued for our outstanding legal proceedings. 
 
 Commitments 
 
 Capital Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had capital commitments of approximately 112,720,000 for purchases related to construction work in progress. 
 
 13 

Capacity Lease Commitments 
 
 We have capacity lease commitments related to agreements with a third party customer and our affiliates, KMTP and Kinder Morgan Tejas Pipeline LLC. Future annual commitments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows 
 
 Commitments Year Affiliate Total (In thousands) 2023 19,081 26,411 2024 19,133 26,557 2025 19,081 26,559 2026 19,081 26,633 2027 19,081 26,709 Thereafter 
 58,915 82,955 Total 
 154,372 215,824 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total transportation expenses related to these commitments were approximately 26,440,000 and 26,362,000, respectively, of which for both periods, approximately 19,176,000 was with our affiliates. These expenses are reflected in Operations and maintenance on our accompanying Statements of Operations. 
 
 14 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 apa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 apa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 apa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 apa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 apa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

