<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1756701_0000950170-23-010964.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31992672</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>331130</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2583506</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17018311</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3489891</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7677456</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010964.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330162502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010964
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LINKBANCORP, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001756701
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				825130531
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41505
		FILM NUMBER:		23781034

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 CAMP HILL BYPASS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			CAMP HILL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7177787243

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 CAMP HILL BYPASS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			CAMP HILL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010964.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 lnkb-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: NA 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Y es 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock as reported on NASDAQ as of June 30, 2022 was . For this purpose, executive officers and directors of the Registrant are considered affiliates. 

The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 28, 2023 was . 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 32 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 95 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 95 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 95 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 96 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 96 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 96 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 99 

1 

Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), which can be identified by the use of words such as estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, plan, seek, expect or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as will, would, should, could, or may. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; 

statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and 

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 

These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market area, that are worse than expected; 

competition within our market area that is stronger than expected; 

changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and charge-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; 

our ability to access cost-effective funding; 

fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions; 

demand for loans and deposits in our market area; 

our ability to continue to implement our business strategies; 

competition among depository and other financial institutions; 

inflation and changes in market interest rates that reduce our margins and yields, reduce the fair value of financial instruments or reduce our volume of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make, whether held in portfolio or sold in the secondary market; 

adverse changes in the securities markets; 

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; 

our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk; 

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 

the imposition of tariffs or other domestic or international governmental polices impacting the value of the products of our borrowers; 

our ability to successfully complete our merger with Partners Bancorp by receiving shareholder and regulatory approvals and integrate into our operations Partners Bancorp's assets, liabilities or systems we acquired, as well as new management personnel or customers, and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames and any goodwill charges related thereto; 

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

our ability to maintain our reputation; 

our ability to prevent or mitigate fraudulent activity; 

2 

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

our ability to retain key employees and our existing customers; 

a breach in security of our information systems, including the occurrence of a cyber incident or a deficiency in cyber security; 

risks that COVID-19 may adversely impact our customers and lead to continued labor shortages and supply chain disruptions causing a severe disruption in the U.S. economy, and could potentially create business continuity issues for us; 

political instability or civil unrest; 

our ability to evaluate the amount and timing of recognition of future tax assets and liabilities; 

our compensation expense associated with equity benefits allocated or awarded to our employees; and 

changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own. 

Because of these and other uncertainties, including the Risk Factors described below, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect future events or developments. 
 3 

Item 1. Business . 
 
 Description of Business 
 LINKBANCORP, Inc. LINKBANCORP or the Company was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on April 6, 2018 and is a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. In October 2018, LINKBANCORP became a bank holding company when it completed the acquisition of Stonebridge Bank, which was subsequently renamed LINKBANK. 
 On February 22, 2023, LINKBANCORP and Partners Bancorp entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement that provides that Partners Bancorp will merge with and into LINKBANCORP, with LINKBANCORP as the surviving corporation (the Partners Merger ). Partners Bancorp shareholders will receive 1.15 shares of LINKBANCORP common stock for each Partners Bancorp share they own. Following the Partners Merger, Partners Bancorp s two bank subsidiaries, The Bank of Delmarva and Virginia Partners Bank, will merge with and into LINKBANK, with LINKBANK remaining as the surviving bank (the Bank Mergers ). The completion of the Partners Merger and the Bank Mergers are subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by both LINKBANCORP and Partners Bancorp shareholders and the receipt of regulatory approvals. The Partners Merger is expected to close in the third quarter of 2023. In connection with the announcement of the Partners Merger, LINKBANCORP completed a private placement of 10.0 million with certain directors of LINKBANCORP as well as other accredited investors. 
 On September 18, 2021, the Company completed its merger with GNB Financial Services, Inc. GNBF and its wholly owned subsidiary, The Gratz Bank pursuant to which GNBF merged with and into the Company with the Company as the surviving corporation and LINKBANK merged with and into The Gratz Bank, with The Gratz Bank as the surviving institution (collectively, the Gratz Merger ). Effective November 4, 2022, The Gratz Bank legally changed its name and began to operate under one brand under the name LINKBANK (the Bank ). 
 LINKBANCORP has no material operations and conducts no business on its own other than owning the Bank and GNB Investment Corp., a Delaware investment company subsidiary. 
 LINKBANCORP common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol LNKB and is subject to Nasdaq's rules for listed companies. 
 LINKBANK, a Pennsylvania-chartered, non-Federal Reserve member bank, is subject to regulation by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities PADOBS and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). LINKBANCORP is the Bank s sole shareholder. 
 The Bank is a full-service commercial bank providing personal and business lending and deposit services to individuals, families, nonprofit and business clients throughout Central and Southeastern Pennsylvania, primarily through its digital presence on the internet and ten client solutions centers in Chester, Cumberland, Dauphin, Lancaster, Northumberland and Schuylkill counties, and loan production offices in Chester and York Counties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total consolidated assets of approximately 1.16 billion, total loans of approximately 927.9 million, total deposits of approximately 946.8 million and total consolidated shareholders equity of approximately 138.6 million. 
 LINKBANCORP s principal executive offices are located at 1250 Camp Hill Bypass, Suite 202, Camp Hill, PA 17011, its phone number is 855-569-2265 and its website is ir.linkbancorp.com. 
 The Company is subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act and, in accordance with the Exchange Act, it files annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information about issuers, like us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. 
 
 Strategy and Recent Growth 
 Our core strategy is to further our mission of positively impacting lives through community banking by building strong relationships that bring value to our customers, employees, the communities we serve and our shareholders. In pursuing this mission, the Company specifically seeks to invest in the development of strong future leaders for the banking industry and our communities, to contribute to economically and socially flourishing communities, and to demonstrate the continued viability and integral role of community banking for our economic and social development. As one example of these efforts, in 2019 we launched and continue to support The LINK Foundation, established as a separate legal entity and governed by a distinct board of directors, but fully aligned with the Company s mission. The LINK Foundation provides financial support to organizations within our markets focused on three funding priorities - developing future leaders, promoting financial literacy and fortifying personal growth. 
 Our business strategy seeks to provide our customers with personal service, financial sophistication and the full array of product offerings of a larger regional bank, focusing on developing local lending relationships funded by the generation of local retail and business deposits. We believe our culture of highly engaged employees enhances productivity and results in lower employee turnover, 
 4 

ultimately leading to greater operational efficiencies and customer loyalty. We differentiate ourselves based on high touch relationship building service, supported by the convenience of technology. We are committed to increasing our market share in the communities we serve by continuing to leverage available technology, existing branch locations, and new branch locations, and by considering other strategic growth opportunities throughout Central and Southeastern Pennsylvania and surrounding areas. 
 The Bank provides traditional lending, deposit gathering and cash services to retail customers, small businesses and nonprofit organizations. We offer a full array of technology solutions to our clients and continually evaluate new technologies that enhance the customer experience and allow the Bank to operate more efficiently. 
 The Bank does not rely on robust noninterest income growth. The management team has experience running many different product sets and subsidiaries but is focused on core deposit and loan growth. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company achieved the following accomplishments: 
 net income of 5.6 million for 2022 compared to 289 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. As adjusted, net income totaled 6.4 million for 2022 compared to 4.1 million in 2021, when adding back one-time merger and system conversion-related expenses on a tax-effected basis of 770 thousand and 3.6 million, respectively. This adjusted net income equates to a 56 growth in 2022 compared to 2021; 

net interest margin for 2022 was 3.39 compared to 3.07 for the year ended December 31, 2021; 

total deposits grew from 771.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 946.8 million at December 31, 2022, resulting in a growth rate of 22.7 ; 

total loans grew 29.1 from 718.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 927.9 million at December 31, 2022; 

completed our initial public offering and listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market during September 2022; 

successfully completed a migration to a new core technology platform, allowing for implementation of innovative technology solutions and improved data analytics; and 

maintained strong credit quality, with total nonperforming assets at 0.23 of total assets at December 31, 2022. 

As noted above, in September 2022, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO whereby it issued and sold 5,101,205 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 7.50 per share and thereafter the Company's common shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company received net proceeds of 34.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 2.5 million and other offering expenses of 1.1 million. The Company contributed 20.0 million in capital to the Bank in October 2022. The Company plans to use the proceeds to support the Bank's current growth, its future growth initiatives, and for general corporate purposes. 
 The Company s management team has significant experience in successfully executing bank growth strategies, including through bank mergers and acquisitions. Accordingly, as opportunities arise, we will consider growth through acquisition including whole institutions, branches or additional lines of business that are aligned with our strategy and mission, as demonstrated by our recent agreement to merge with Partners Bancorp. 
 
 Current Market Area 
 We currently conduct our business principally through ten Customer Solutions Centers in Chester, Cumberland, Dauphin, Lancaster, Northumberland and Schuylkill Counties, Pennsylvania. In 2021 and 2022 respectively, we established loan production offices in York and Chester Counties, and will continue to consider other strategic locations in Central and Southeastern Pennsylvania to further our objective to become the bank of choice in the markets we serve. We occasionally make loans secured by properties located outside of our primary lending market, usually to borrowers with whom we have an existing relationship and who have a presence within our primary market. 
 While we manage our banking operations as separate regions, we operate in only one segment. Our regions are based on geographic markets, which allows each region to retain flexibility and local leadership in the unique communities we serve. We believe that this approach gives our Bank greater flexibility to better serve our markets and increases responsiveness to the needs of local customers. 
 
 Lending Activities 
 Our principal lending activity has been the origination of commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans, and to a lesser extent, commercial real estate construction and land development loans, residential real estate loans, home equity loans, consumer loans and agriculture loans. The Bank is predominantly oriented towards commercial customers, with approximately 71.3 of the portfolio in various types of commercial loans and 28.7 in residential real estate, consumer and other loans at December 31, 2022. Our commercial customers are primarily small- and medium-sized businesses. Approximately 40.6 of the loan portfolio earns 
 5 

interest at a fixed rate and the remaining approximately 59.4 of the loan portfolio earns interest at a rate that varies or adjusts based on an underlying index at December 31, 2022. 
 The following table sets forth the composition of the Bank s loan portfolio by type of loan as of December 31, 2022: 

(In Thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Percent 

Agriculture loans 

15,591 

1.68 

Commercial loans 

103,874 

11.20 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

881 

0.09 

Commercial real estate loans 

540,914 

58.31 

Residential real estate loans 

250,832 

27.04 

Consumer and other loans 

10,057 

1.08 

Municipal loans 

5,466 

0.59 

927,615 

100 

Deferred fees 

256 

Allowance for loan losses 

(4,666) 

Total 

923,205 

Commercial Business (C I) Lending . As of December 31, 2022, we had 103.9 million in commercial business loans (excluding PPP loans), representing 11.2 of total loans. Our business strategy is to increase our originations of commercial business loans. We offer commercial term loans, lines of credit, agricultural production, equipment financing, and revolving lines of credit with a target loan size of 100,000 to 5.0 million to small businesses in our market area to finance short-term working capital needs such as accounts receivable and inventory. Our commercial lines of credit are typically adjustable-rate and are generally priced on a floating rate basis utilizing the prime rate. We generally obtain personal guarantees with respect to all commercial business lines of credit. 
 We typically originate commercial business loans on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business, the experience and stability of the borrower s management team, earnings projections and the underlying assumptions, and the value and marketability of any collateral securing the loan. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial business loans may be substantially dependent on the success of the business itself and the general economic environment in our market area. Therefore, commercial business loans that we originate generally have greater credit risk than one-to-four family residential real estate loans or consumer loans. In addition, commercial business loans often result in larger outstanding balances to single borrowers, or related groups of borrowers, and also generally require substantially greater evaluation and oversight efforts. 
 As a result of the Gratz Merger, we acquired loans made through the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), administered directly by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The PPP provides loans to small businesses who were affected by economic conditions as a result of COVID-19 to provide cash-flow assistance to employers who maintain their payroll (including healthcare and certain related expenses), mortgage interest, rent, leases, utilities and interest on existing debt during the COVID-19 emergency. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding principal balance of 881 thousand of PPP loans. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Lending . As of December 31, 2022, we had 540.9 million in commercial real estate and multi-family loans, representing 58.3 of total loans. Our commercial real estate and multi-family loans generally have amortization terms of 15 to 25 years and have adjustable interest rates. The adjustable rate loans are typically fixed for the first five years and either adjust annually thereafter or have a balloon payment due at the end of the fixed term. Our commercial real estate and multi-family loans are generally tied to a margin at or above the appropriate three or five year treasury or the Prime Rate. The maximum loan-to-value ratio of our commercial real estate and multifamily loans is generally 80 of the lower of cost or appraised value of the property securing the loan. Our commercial real estate loans are typically secured by multi-family, hotel, agricultural, medical, retail, churches or other commercial properties. At December 31, 2022, our commercial real estate loans were 45.3 non-owner occupied, 25.8 owner-occupied, 19.5 multi-family, and 9.4 construction and land development. 
 We consider a number of factors in originating commercial real estate and multi-family loans. We evaluate the qualifications and financial condition of the borrower, including project-level and global cash flows, credit history, and management expertise, as well as the value and condition of the property securing the loan. When evaluating the qualifications of the borrower, we consider the financial resources of the borrower, the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar property and the borrower s payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, the factors we consider include the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the mortgaged property and the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service). We generally require a debt service ratio of at least 1.25x. 
 Personal guarantees are generally obtained from the principals of commercial real estate and multi-family loan borrowers, although this requirement may be waived in limited circumstances depending upon the loan-to-value ratio and the debt service ratio associated 
 6 

with the loan. We require property and casualty insurance and flood insurance if the property is in a flood zone area. In addition, borrowers are required to obtain title insurance unless the balance of the loan is less than 250,000. In such cases, we will require an ownership and encumbrance report relating to the title of the property. 
 Construction and Land Development Lending . At December 31, 2022, 57.7 million, or 6.2 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of construction and land loans. Of these, 50.7 million were for commercial development and land loans and are included within our Commercial Real Estate loans and 7.0 million were for residential development and reported within our Residential Real Estate loan category. We offer both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate construction and land loans, although most of these loans have fixed interest rates. The maximum loan-to-value of these loans is generally 80 of the lesser of the appraised value or the purchase price of the property. 
 Construction and land lending generally involves greater credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction or land loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the value of the property at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction cost is inaccurate, we may be required to advance additional funds beyond the amount originally committed in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if the estimated value of the completed project is inaccurate, the borrower may hold a property with a value that is insufficient to assure full repayment of the construction loan upon the sale of the property. Construction and land loans also expose us to the risk that improvements will not be completed on time in accordance with specifications and projected costs. In addition, the ultimate sale or rental of the property may not occur as anticipated. Land loans pose additional risk because the property generally does not produce income and may be relatively illiquid. 
 One-to-four family Residential Real Estate Lending. At December 31, 2022, we had 250.8 million in residential real estate loans, representing 27.0 of total loans. These loans are originated by the Bank and underwritten by the correspondent lender in accordance with secondary market standards and The Federal National Mortgage Association, commonly known as Fannie Mae, underwriting guidelines to comply with ability to repay and qualified mortgage rules. Certain mortgage loans such as adjustable rate jumbo loans may be retained in the Bank s loan portfolio. Based on the nature of the borrower and the related size of the loan, we may choose to retain these loans as part of our loan portfolio or sell these loans to the secondary market, which could include sales to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. 
 In underwriting residential real estate loans, we evaluate both the borrower s ability to make monthly payments and the value of the property securing the loan. Properties securing real estate loans we make are appraised by independent appraisers. We generally require borrowers to obtain an attorney s title opinion or title insurance, and fire and property insurance (including flood insurance, if necessary) in an amount not less than the amount of the loan. 
 Home Equity Loans. At December 31, 2022, we had 35.6 million of home equity loans reported within residential real estate loans, representing 3.8 of our total loan portfolio. Home equity loans consists of either revolving lines of credit, term, or second mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family residential real estate. These loans are underwritten based on repayment capacity and source, value of the underlying property, and credit history. Home equity loans are generally considered to have more credit risk than traditional one-to-four family residential loans because the Bank tends to have a subordinate lien position. Our home equity loans are secured by a first or second mortgage on the borrower s principal residence or their second/vacation home (excluding investment/rental property) generally at a maximum current loan-to-value of 80 . There are minimum credit score standards, maximum debt to income ratios and credit requirements on each home equity product that is defined in the Bank s credit policy. All credit decisions for home equity loans are made centrally by the Bank s consumer lending department. 
 Consumer Lending. To a much lesser extent, we offer a variety of consumer loans to individuals who reside or work in our market area. At December 31, 2022, our consumer loan portfolio totaled 10.1 million, or 1.1 of our total loan portfolio, and 6.7 million of our consumer loans were unsecured (excluding overdraft accounts). 
 Consumer loans can have either a variable rate based on the index of Wall Street Journal Prime rate or a fixed-rate of interest for a term of up to 10 years, depending on the type of collateral, product and the creditworthiness of the borrower. Our lending policy allows for unsecured, non- real estate secured, and real estate secured loan products that are either installment or open end credit. Our consumer loans may be secured with deposits, automobiles, motorcycles, or real property. 
 Our consumer loan policy sets forth our underwriting guidelines overall for all loan applications and addresses specific guidelines such as acceptable loan amounts, credit score, debt-to-income ratios, loan-to-value ratios, and collateral allowable by product type. The policy guidelines address applications, structuring, stability, credit standards, collateral, consumer compliance, insurance requirements and appraisal requirements. 
 Other Loans. In addition to the loan types discussed above, the Company also originates agricultural loans and municipal loans. At December 31, 2022, our agricultural loan portfolio totaled 15.6 million or 1.7 of our total loan portfolio and municipal loans totaled 5.5 million or 0.6 of our total loan portfolio. The agricultural loan portfolio consists of loans to local farmers and agricultural businesses that are generally secured by farmland and equipment. The municipal loan portfolio consists of loans to qualified local municipalities, which are generally supported by the taxing authority of the borrowing municipality, and is frequently secured by collateral. 
 7 

Credit Risk Management 
 Loan Approval Procedures and Authority . Pursuant to applicable law, the aggregate amount of loans that we are permitted to make to any one borrower or a group of related borrowers is generally limited to 15 of the Bank s unimpaired capital and surplus (25 if the amount in excess of 15 is secured by readily marketable highly liquid collateral or 30 for certain residential development loans). Our legal lending limit was 18.8 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, we have established an in-house target that is less than the legal limits on loans to one borrower. Our in-house target was 10 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, our largest credit relationship totaled 14.4 million, comprised of four separate facilities each secured by real estate. Each of these loans was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. 
 Our lending activities follow written, nondiscriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our board of directors and management. The Bank has established the Officers' Loan Committee (OLC) to be able to more efficiently service our commercial customers, prudently manage credit risks, and effectively insure that credit policies are followed. The OLC requires a quorum of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Credit Officer, Senior Credit Officer, Chief Risk Officer, and the Regional Presidents. Each of these individuals have extensive experience in the approval of commercial loans. The OLC has authority to approve loans beginning over 3 million up to and including 8 million. In addition, the Director s Loan Committee (DLC) has authority to approve loans over 8 million up to the legal lending limit of the Bank (with the exception of Regulation O (insider) loans which need to be approved by the Board of Directors). 
 The loan approval structure prohibits any single signature loan authority. Dual signatures are in effect up to 3 million. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Credit Officer have been given dual signature authority up to 8 million in situations where timing is essential. These approvals must be ratified by OLC at the next meeting. 
 Ongoing Credit Risk Management. In addition to the underwriting process referenced above, we perform ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all credit exposures. Although we grade and classify our loans internally, we have an independent third-party professional firm perform regular loan reviews to confirm loan classifications. We strive to identify potential problem loans early in an effort to aggressively seek resolution of these situations before the loans create a loss, record any necessary charge-offs promptly and maintain adequate allowance levels for probable loan losses incurred in the loan portfolio. 
 Although we maintain a cautious credit outlook due to continued uncertainty in the economic environment, we believe the Bank is very well positioned for the months ahead given a strong loan loss reserve, application of prudent underwriting standards and a diverse loan portfolio, which does not include a significant concentration of loans in restaurants, lodging or other industries that are perceived to be at higher risk in the current economic environment. 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans considering historical experience, the size and composition of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses measured 0.50 of total loans, or approximately 0.78 of the non-purchased portfolio. The total reserve when including the allowance for loan losses and the credit fair value adjustment made to loans acquired in the Gratz Merger totaled 9.7 million or approximately 1.04 of total gross loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

8 

Investments 
 The Company s board of directors is responsible for approving and overseeing the investment policy. The investment policy is reviewed at least annually by management and any changes to the policy are recommended to the board of directors and are subject to its approval. This policy dictates that investment decisions be made based on the safety of the investment, regulatory standards, liquidity requirements, potential returns and consistency with our interest rate risk management strategy. The Company also uses the investment portfolio to collateralize municipal deposits. The asset liability management committee, which consists of our President and Chief Risk Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Bank President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Credit Officer, oversees the Company s investing activities and strategies. 
 The current investment policy authorizes the Company to invest in debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies or government sponsored enterprises. In addition, management is authorized to invest in investment grade state and municipal obligations. The policy also permits investments in mortgage-backed securities, including pass-through securities, issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae, as well as investments in corporate debentures, federal funds and deposits in other insured institutions. The Company also is required to maintain an investment in FHLB stock, which investment is based primarily on the level of the Company s FHLB borrowings. Additionally, the Company is required to maintain an investment in Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia stock equal to six percent of its capital and surplus. The Company does not engage in any investment hedging activities or trading activities, nor does it purchase any high-risk mortgage derivative products, corporate junk bonds, and certain types of structured notes. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had a portfolio of investment securities available for sale which is reported at fair value and a portfolio of held to maturity investment securities that were not carried at fair value through earnings. 
 Source of Funds 
 Generally, deposits are the Company s primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. We may also use borrowings, primarily Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh advances, to supplement cash flow needs, as necessary. In addition, we receive funds from scheduled loan payments, loan prepayments, and income on interest-earning assets. While scheduled loan payments and income on interest-earning assets are a relatively stable source of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing interest rates, market conditions and levels of competition. 
 
 Deposits . We obtain most of our deposits from small- and medium-sized businesses, retail customers, and non-profit customers within our market area. We solicit deposits through our relationship-driven team of dedicated and accessible bankers and through community-focused marketing. We emphasize obtaining deposit relationships at loan origination. We have invested in personnel, business and compliance processes and technology that enable us to acquire, and efficiently and effectively serve, a wide array of business deposit accounts, while continuing to provide the level of customer service for which we are known. We currently offer a comprehensive range of business deposit products and services to assist with the banking needs of our business customers, including a variety of remote deposit and cash management products along with commercial transaction accounts. We also provide online banking, mobile banking, and direct deposit services. 
 
 We offer a selection of deposit accounts, including demand accounts (interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing), money market deposit accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary, with the principal differences being the minimum balance required, the amount of time the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate. At December 31, 2022, our core deposits (which includes all deposits except for time deposit accounts greater than 250,000 and brokered deposits) totaled 831.2 million, or 87.8 of our total deposits, and our cost of funds for 2022 on this stable funding source was 0.61 . At December 31, 2022, we had 70.0 million in brokered deposits, all maturing in the first quarter 2023. Our reciprocal CDARS and ICS deposits totaled 12.8 million at December 31, 2022. Management utilizes brokered deposits as a supplement to core deposit funding from time to time and does not consider brokered deposits to be a primary source of funding. 
 
 The following table sets forth the distribution of total deposits for the Bank by account type as of December 31, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Demand, noninterest-bearing 

192,773 

20.36 

Demand, interest-bearing 

254,478 

26.88 

Money market and savings 

228,048 

24.09 

Time deposits, 250 and over 

45,616 

4.82 

Time deposits, other 

225,857 

23.86 

Total Deposits 

946,772 

100.00 

All deposits are generated from in-market relationships through our Client Solutions Centers. 
 9 

Borrowings. We obtain advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh upon the security of our capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and certain of our loans. Such advances may be made pursuant to several different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. As of December 31, 2022 we had 20.9 million in outstanding FHLB advances. At December 31, 2022, we had remaining available capacity with FHLB, subject to certain collateral restrictions, of approximately 301.4 million. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had subordinated notes outstanding of 40.5 million. Of this amount, 20.5 million was acquired in the Gratz Merger and bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 5.0 per year for five years and then float at an index tied to the Secured Overnight Finance Rate SOFR ). The notes have a term of ten years, with a maturity date of October 1, 2030. The notes are redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, subject to any required regulatory approvals after five years. 
 The remaining 20.0 million bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 4.5 per year for five years and then float at an index tied to the Secured Overnight Finance Rate SOFR ). The notes have a term of ten years, with a maturity date of April 15, 2032. The notes are redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, subject to any required regulatory approvals after five years. 
 Competition 
 Commercial banking in Pennsylvania is extremely competitive. For example, as of June 30, 2022 (the most recent date for which data is available), data provided by the FDIC Deposit Market Share Report indicated that within the Company s Central and Southeastern Pennsylvania market area, there were 54 different FDIC-insured institutions operating a total of 603 offices. 
 The Company s market areas are served by branches of the largest banks in the Northeast, some of which are among the largest institutions in the United States. We must compete in our current and future growth market areas with large regional and nationwide banking organizations, other federally and state-chartered financial institutions such as savings and loan institutions and credit unions, mortgage companies, and other lenders engaged in the business of extending commercial credit. Many of the Company s competitors have broader geographic markets and higher lending limits than we do and are also able to provide more services and make greater use of media advertising. Competitive threats also continue to emerge from in- and out-of-market providers and entities with powerful non-traditional and sometimes unregulated products, services, and technology, including numerous new fintech firms. The Bank s comparatively small branch network will be a competitive disadvantage in attracting retail customers since a number of large national bank and regional state bank franchises have significant branch office coverage in the Bank s market area. 
 Human Capital 
 We believe our employees are our most valuable asset. We are committed to building a culture of integrity and excellence and seek to provide a challenging and rewarding work environment in which employees are supported professionally. Our team members receive benefits including competitive compensation, comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage, 401(k) plan with employer contributions and short-term and long-term disability coverage. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 132 full-time and 10 part time employees. 
 
 REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 
 LINKBANCORP, is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). As such, it is registered with, subject to examination and supervision by, and otherwise required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). 
 The Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered commercial bank subject to extensive regulation by the PADOBS and the FDIC. The Bank s deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. The Bank must file reports with the PADOBS and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition, in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions with other depository institutions. There are periodic examinations of the Bank by the PADOBS and the FDIC to review the Bank s compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which a commercial bank can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulation, whether by the PADOBS, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or Congress could have a material impact on the operations of the Bank. 
 Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are or will be applicable to LINKBANCORP, and the Bank. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on LINKBANCORP and the Bank, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual statutes and regulations involved. 

10 

Bank Regulation 
 Capital Requirements 
 Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets of 8 , and a 4 Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. 
 For purposes of the regulatory capital requirements, common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common shareholders' equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions such as the Bank, that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available for sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 
 In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one-to four-family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 
 In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 In assessing an institution's capital adequacy, the FDIC takes into consideration, not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the FDIC finalized a rule, effective January 1, 2020, that established a community bank leverage ratio (tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) at 9 for institutions under 10 billion in assets that such institutions may elect to utilize in lieu of the general applicable risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. Such institutions that meet the community bank leverage ratio and certain other qualifying criteria will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized. Eligible institutions may opt into and out of the community bank ratio framework on their quarterly call report. The Bank did not elect to follow the community bank leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022. 
 In 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which requires financial institutions to estimate and establish an allowance for credit losses using a current expected credit loss CECL model. The CECL model will estimate credit losses over the lifetime of our financial assets measured at amortized cost at the date of origination or acquisition, as opposed to reserving for incurred or probable losses through the balance sheet date. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023, and recognized a one-time cumulative effect adjustment to the allowance through retained earnings as a result of applying this ASU. The Federal Reserve and FDIC have adopted a rule providing for an optional three-year phase-in period for the day-one adverse regulatory capital effects upon adopting the standard. See Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within the audited consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the implementation of CECL. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was considered to be well-capitalized based on FDIC guidelines. 
 
 Loans-to-One Borrower 
 Generally, a Pennsylvania-chartered commercial bank may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of 15 of capital. An additional amount may be loaned, equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus, if the loan is secured by readily marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was in compliance with the loans-to-one borrower limitations. 
 
 11 

Capital Distributions 
 The Pennsylvania Banking Code states, in part, that dividends may be declared and paid only out of accumulated net earnings and may not be declared or paid unless surplus is at least equal to capital. Dividends may not reduce surplus without the prior consent of the PADOBS. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that an insured depository institution may not make any capital distribution if, after making such distribution, the institution would fail to meet any applicable regulatory capital requirement. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws 
 All insured institutions have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income borrowers. The FDIC is required to assess the Bank s record of compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. Failure to comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could, at a minimum, result in denial of certain corporate applications, such as branches or mergers, or in restrictions on its activities. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. The failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions by the FDIC, as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act requires all institutions insured by the FDIC to publicly disclose their rating. The Bank received a satisfactory rating in its most recent federal examination. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 A state-chartered bank s authority to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and federal regulation. An affiliate is generally a company that controls or is under common control with an insured depository institution, such as the Bank. The Company is an affiliate of the Bank because of its control of the Bank. In general, transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates are subject to certain quantitative limits and collateral requirements. In addition, federal regulations prohibit a state-chartered bank from lending to any of its affiliates that are engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and from purchasing the securities of any affiliate, other than a subsidiary. Finally, transactions with affiliates must be consistent with safe and sound banking practices, not involve the purchase of low-quality assets and be on terms that are as favorable to the institution as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. 
 The Bank s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve. Among other things, these provisions generally require that extensions of credit to insiders be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the Bank s capital. In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by the Bank s Board. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional limits based on the type of extension involved. 
 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness 
 Federal law requires each federal banking agency to prescribe certain standards for all insured depository institutions. These standards relate to, among other things, internal controls, information systems and audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation, and other operational and managerial standards as the agency deems appropriate. Interagency guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If an institution fails to meet these standards, the appropriate federal banking agency may require the institution to implement an acceptable compliance plan. Failure to implement such a plan can result in further enforcement action, including the issuance of a cease and desist order or the imposition of civil money penalties. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action 
 Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is 
 12 

adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 
 Generally, the PADOBS is required to appoint a receiver or conservator for a state-chartered bank that is critically undercapitalized within specific time frames. The regulations also provide that a capital restoration plan must be filed with the FDIC within 45 days of the date that an institution is deemed to have received notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. Any bank holding company of an institution that is required to submit a capital restoration plan must guarantee performance under the plan in an amount of up to the lesser of 5 of the institution s assets at the time it was deemed to be undercapitalized by the FDIC or the amount necessary to restore the institution to adequately capitalized status. This guarantee remains in place until the FDIC notifies the institution that it has maintained adequately capitalized status for each of four consecutive calendar quarters. Institutions that are undercapitalized become subject to certain mandatory measures, such as restrictions on capital distributions and asset growth. The PADOBS may also take any one of a number of discretionary supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers and directors. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank met the criteria for being considered well capitalized. 
 
 Enforcement 
 The PADOBS maintains enforcement authority over the Bank, including the power to issue cease and desist orders and civil money penalties and to remove directors, officers or employees. It also has the power to appoint a conservator or receiver for a bank upon insolvency, imminent insolvency, unsafe or unsound condition or certain other situations. The FDIC has primary federal enforcement responsibility over non-member state banks and has authority to bring actions against the institution and all institution-affiliated parties, including shareholders, and any attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful actions likely to have an adverse effect on the bank. Formal enforcement action may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and can amount to 25,000 per day, or even 1 million per day in especially egregious cases. In general, regulatory enforcement actions occur with respect to situations involving unsafe or unsound practices or conditions, violations of law or regulation or breaches of fiduciary duty. Federal and Pennsylvania laws also establish criminal penalties for certain violations. 
 
 Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts 
 The maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions is 250,000 per depositor. Assessments for most insured depository institutions are now based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of failure within three years. The assessment range (inclusive of possible adjustments) is for institutions of the Bank s size 1.5 basis points to 30 basis points through December 31, 2022. The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments and adopted a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. As a result, effective January 1, 2023, assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size will range from 3.5 to 32 basis points. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not currently know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. 
 
 Prohibitions Against Tying Arrangements 
 State-chartered banks are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution. 
 
 FHLB System 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB System, which consists of 11 regional FHLBs. The FHLB System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions as well as other entities involved in home mortgage lending. As a member of the FHLB of Pittsburgh, the Bank is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was in 
 13 

compliance with this requirement. The Bank also is able to borrow from the FHLB of Pittsburgh, which provides an additional source of liquidity for the Bank. 
 
 Other Regulations 
 Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. The Bank's operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 
 
 Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, requiring that borrowers for mortgage loans for one-to four-family residential real estate receive various disclosures, including good faith estimates of settlement costs, lender servicing and escrow account practices, and prohibiting certain practices that increase the cost of settlement services; 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 

Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 

Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 

Truth in Savings Act; and 

Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 

The operations of the Bank also are subject to the: 
 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers' rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; 

Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 

USA PATRIOT Act, which requires banks operating to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and 

Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution's privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to opt out of the sharing of certain personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. 

Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 General 
 The Company, as a bank holding company controlling the Bank, is subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve under the BHC Act. The Company is periodically examined by and required to submit reports to the Federal Reserve and must comply with the Federal Reserve s rules and regulations. Among other things, the Federal Reserve has authority to restrict activities by a bank holding company that are deemed to pose a serious risk to the subsidiary bank. 
 
 Permissible Activities 
 14 

A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in non-banking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies. 
 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. A financial holding company may engage in a broader array of financial activities than permitted a typical bank holding company. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. The Company has not elected financial holding company status. 
 
 Capital 
 Bank holding companies are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements, which have historically been similar to, though less stringent than, those of the for the Bank. The Dodd Frank Act, however, required the Federal Reserve to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to institutions themselves. As a result, consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary banks generally apply to bank holding companies. However, the Federal Reserve has provided a Small Bank Holding Company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and subsequent legislation and the related issuance of regulations by the Federal Reserve have increased the threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion of consolidated assets. Consequently, bank holding companies such as the Company with less than 3.0 billion of consolidated assets are not subject to the consolidated holding company capital requirements unless otherwise directed by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Source of Strength 
 The Federal Reserve has issued regulations requiring that all bank holding companies serve as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing financial, managerial and other support in times of an institution s distress. 
 
 Dividends and Stock Repurchases 
 The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by holding companies. In general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall supervisory financial condition. Separate regulatory guidance provides for prior consultation with Federal Reserve staff concerning dividends in certain circumstances such as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company s overall rate or earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. 
 The regulatory guidance also states that a bank holding company should consult with Federal Reserve supervisory staff prior to redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock if the bank holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or the repurchase or redemption would result in a net reduction, at the end of a quarter, in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. 
 There is a separate requirement that a bank holding company give the Federal Reserve prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. 
 These regulatory policies may affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 
 Acquisition of Control of the Company 
 Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person may acquire control of a bank holding company such as the Company unless the Federal Reserve has prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition. In evaluating such notices, 
 15 

the Federal Reserve takes into consideration such factors as the financial resources, competence, experience and integrity of the acquirer, the future prospects the bank holding company involved and its subsidiary bank and the competitive effects of the acquisition. Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable proxies representing more than 25 of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the company s directors, or a determination by the regulator that the acquirer has the power to direct, or directly or indirectly to exercise a controlling influence over, the management or policies of the institution. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a bank holding company s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under the regulations under certain circumstances. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ), which was enacted in April 2012, has made numerous changes to the federal securities laws to facilitate access to capital markets. Under the JOBS Act, a company with total annual gross revenues of less than 1.235 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year qualifies as an emerging growth company. The Company qualifies as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 An emerging growth company may choose not to hold shareholder votes to approve annual executive compensation (more frequently referred to as say-on-pay votes) or executive compensation payable in connection with a merger (more frequently referred to as say-on-golden parachute votes). An emerging growth company also is not subject to the requirement that its auditors attest to the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting, and can provide scaled disclosure regarding executive compensation; however, the Company will also not be subject to the auditor attestation requirement or additional executive compensation disclosure so long as it remains a non-accelerated filer and a smaller reporting company, respectively, under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally less than 75 million and 250 million, respectively, of voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates or less than 100.0 million in annual revenue). Finally, an emerging growth company may elect to comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company, but must make such election when the company is first required to file a registration statement. The Company has elected to comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company. 
 A company loses emerging growth company status on the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year of the company during which it had total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the company pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; (iii) the date on which such company has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which such company is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally, at least 700 million of voting and non- voting equity held by non-affiliates). 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. The Company has policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and will review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. 
 16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 
 An investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent in our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect us are described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair our business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The Company may be unable to effectively manage its rapid growth. 
 
 The Company's business strategy anticipates the rapid expansion of its business to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. On February 22, 2023, the Company announced the entry into a Merger Agreement with Partners Bancorp that if approved will more than double the size of the Company. This high pace of growth places significant demands on the Company s management and operational resources. In order to manage such growth effectively, the Company must implement effective operational systems, procedures and internal controls. Failure to implement these systems, procedures and controls on a timely basis could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operation or financial condition. Further, the Company s continued expansion of its business may include entering new lines of business or introducing new products and services. We cannot assure you that the Company will be successful in such expansion efforts and any failure could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operation or financial condition. 
 
 The merger with Partners Bancorp and any future acquisitions could disrupt the Company s business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, the Company announced the entry into a Merger Agreement with Partners Bancorp. The Company may choose to expand in the future by making additional acquisitions, including other financial institutions, branches or fee- based businesses, that could be material to its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Acquisitions, including the merger with Partners Bancorp, involve many risks, including the following: 
 an acquisition may negatively affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 

the Company may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the operations of any company that it acquires, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; 

an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 

an acquisition, and in particular the Partners Merger, will involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which the Company has little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 

if the Company incurs debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; and 

the Company will issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with the Partners Merger, such that existing shareholders will be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 

The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could hurt its business. 
 
 The vast majority of the Company s loans have real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. A weakening of the real estate market in the Company s primary market areas could result in an increase in the number of borrowers who default on their loans and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing their loans, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company s profitability and asset quality. If the Company is required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, the Company s earnings and capital 
 17 

could be adversely affected. Acts of nature, including hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, fires and floods, which may cause uninsured damage and other loss of value to real estate that secures these loans, may also negatively impact the Company s financial condition. 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio contains a number of real estate loans with relatively large balances. 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio contains a number of real estate loans with relatively large balances. The deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in nonperforming loans, which could result in a net loss of earnings, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans may increase the Company s exposure to credit risk. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s commercial real estate loans totaled 540.9 million, or 58.3 , of our total loan portfolio. Loans secured by commercial real estate are generally viewed as having more risk of default than loans secured by residential real estate or consumer loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property, the income stream of the borrowers, the accuracy of the estimate of the property s value at completion of construction, and the estimated cost of construction. Such loans are generally more risky than loans secured by residential real estate or consumer loans because those loans are typically not secured by real estate collateral. An adverse development with respect to one lending relationship can expose the Company to a significantly greater risk of loss compared with a single-family residential mortgage loan because the Company typically has more than one loan with such borrowers. Additionally, these loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared with single-family residential mortgage loans. Therefore, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant decline in the related asset quality. If the Company s primary market areas experience an economic slowdown, these loans represent higher risk and could result in a sharp increase in loans charged off and could require the Company to significantly increase its allowance for loan losses, which could have a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Repayment of commercial business loans is often dependent on the cash flows of the borrower, which may be unpredictable, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 103.8 million, or 11.2 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of commercial business loans (excluding PPP loans, which are expected to be fully guaranteed by the SBA). The Company s commercial business loans are originated primarily based on the identified cash flow and general liquidity of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower and/or repayment capacity of any guarantor. The borrower s cash flow may be unpredictable, and collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Although commercial business loans are often collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, or other business assets, the liquidation of collateral in the event of default is often an insufficient source of repayment because accounts receivable may be uncollectible and inventories may be obsolete or of limited use. In addition, business assets may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise, and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Accordingly, the repayment of commercial business loans depends primarily on the cash flow and credit worthiness of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral value provided by the borrower and liquidity of the guarantor. 
 
 A portion of the Bank s loan portfolio consists of loan participations. Loan participations may have a higher risk of loss than loans the Bank originates because it is not the lead lender, and the Bank has limited control over credit monitoring. 
 
 The Bank participates in commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans with other financial institutions from time to time in which it is not the lead lender. The Bank s commercial real estate loan participations are generally located in Pennsylvania although the Bank has from time to time participated in loans located in the states of Maryland and Virginia. The Bank also occasionally participates in commercial business loans with other financial institutions in which it is not the lead lender. These loans are limited to our geographic lending market and are generally secured by blanket UCC liens. At December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loan participations for which the Bank was not the lead lender totaled 48.7 million, or 9.0 of our commercial real estate loan portfolio, and commercial business loan participations for which the Bank was not the lead lender totaled 8.5 million, or 1.6 of our commercial business loan portfolio. 
 
 The Bank underwrites each commercial real estate loan and commercial business loan that it participates in and establishes the loan classification and loan provision using the same criteria it uses for loans the Bank originates. Loan participations may have a higher risk of loss than loans the Bank originates because the Bank relies on the lead lender to service and to monitor the performance of the loan. Moreover, decisions regarding the classification of a loan participation and loan loss provisions associated with a loan participation are made in part based upon information provided by the lead lender. A lead lender also may not monitor a participation loan in the same manner as the Bank would for loans that it originates. At December 31, 2022, no loan participations were delinquent 
 18 

60 days or more. If the Bank underwriting of these participation loans is not sufficient, non-performing loans may increase, and earnings may decrease. 

The Company may be exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which it takes title. 
 
 In the course of the Company s business, it may foreclose and take title to real estate, potentially becoming subject to environmental liabilities associated with the properties. The Company may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs or the Company may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. Costs associated with investigation or remediation activities can be substantial. If the Company is the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, the Company may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. These costs and claims could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of its securities. 
 
 The Company s decisions regarding allowance for loan losses and credit risk may materially and adversely affect its business. 
 
 Making loans and other extensions of credit is an essential element of the Company s business. Although the Company seeks to mitigate risks inherent in lending by adhering to specific underwriting practices, the Company s loans and other extensions of credit may not be repaid. The risk of nonpayment is affected by a number of factors, including: 

the duration of the credit; 

credit risks of a particular customer; 

changes in economic and industry conditions; and 

in the case of a collateralized loan, risks resulting from uncertainties about the future value of the collateral. 

The Company attempts to maintain an appropriate allowance for loan losses to provide for probable losses in its loan portfolio. The Company periodically determines the amount of the allowance based on consideration of several factors, including but not limited to: 

an ongoing review of the quality, mix, and size of the Company s overall loan portfolio; 

the Company s historical loan loss experience; 

evaluation of economic conditions; 

regular reviews of loan delinquencies and loan portfolio quality; 

ongoing review of financial information provided by borrowers; and 

the amount and quality of collateral, including guarantees, securing the loans. 

The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Company to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of the Company s control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses. In addition, regulatory agencies periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses, the Company will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for loan losses. Any increases in the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the Company s non-performing assets increase, earnings will be adversely affected. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, non-performing assets, which consist of non-performing loans and other real estate owned, were 2.7 million, or 0.23 of total assets. The Company s non-performing assets adversely affect net income in various ways: 
 19 

the Company records interest income only on the cash basis or cost-recovery method for nonaccrual loans and it does not record interest income for other real estate owned; 

the Company must provide for probable loan losses through a current period charge to the provision for loan losses; 

noninterest expense increases when the Company writes down the value of properties in its other real estate owned portfolio to reflect changing market values; 

there are legal fees associated with the resolution of problem assets, as well as carrying costs, such as taxes, insurance, and maintenance fees; and 

the resolution of non-performing assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract them from more profitable activity. 

If additional borrowers become delinquent and do not pay their loans and the Company is unable to successfully manage its non-performing assets, losses and troubled assets could increase significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company may have higher loan losses than it has allowed for in its allowance for loan losses. 
 
 The Company s actual loans losses could exceed its allowance for loan losses and therefore its allowance for loan losses may not be adequate. A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by commercial real estate. Repayment of such loans is generally considered more subject to market risk than residential mortgage loans. Industry experience shows that a portion of loans will become delinquent and a portion of loans will require partial or entire charge-off. Regardless of the underwriting criteria utilized, losses may be experienced as a result of various factors beyond the Company s control, including among other things, changes in market conditions affecting the value of loan collateral and problems affecting borrower credit. 
 
 Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 
 
 The national economy continues to experience elevated levels of inflation. As of December 31, 2022, the year over year consumer price index CPI increase was 6.5 , primarily driven by increases in food and energy prices. As a result, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates by 425 basis points in 2022 to combat rising inflation. High inflation, if sustained, could have an adverse effect on our business. The recent increase in interest rates in response to elevated levels of inflation has decreased the value of our securities portfolio, resulting in an increase in unrealized losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. In addition, inflation-driven increases in our levels of non-interest expense could negatively impact our results of operations. High inflation and increasing interest rates could also cause increased volatility in the business environment, which could adversely affect loan demand and borrowers ability to repay loans. 
 
 The Company relies heavily on its senior management team and the unexpected loss of any of those personnel could adversely affect its operations. 
 
 The Company is a customer-focused and relationship-driven organization. The Company expects its future growth to be driven in a large part by the relationships maintained with its customers by its chief executive officer and by other senior officers. The unexpected loss of any of the Company s key employees could have a material adverse effect on its business and operations, which would have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of its securities. 
 
 The success of the Company s strategy depends on its ability to identify and retain individuals with experience and relationships in its markets. 
 
 In order to be successful, the Company must identify and retain experienced key management members with local expertise and relationships. Competition for qualified personnel is intense and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of and experience in the community banking industry in the Company s chosen geographic markets. Even if the Company identifies individuals that it believes could assist the Company in building its franchise, the Company may be unable to recruit these individuals away from more established banks. In addition, the process of identifying and recruiting individuals with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out the Company s strategy is often lengthy. The Company s inability to identify, recruit, and retain talented personnel could limit its growth and could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of its securities. 

20 

Changes in economic conditions, in particular an economic slowdown in Pennsylvania, could materially and negatively affect the Company s business. 
 
 The Company primarily serve individuals, businesses and municipalities located in Chester, Cumberland, Dauphin, Lancaster, Northumberland, Schuylkill, and York Counties, Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2022, a majority of our loan portfolio was secured by real estate and other assets located in these areas in Pennsylvania. The Company s business is directly impacted by factors such as economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in industry and finance, legislative and regulatory changes, changes in government monetary and fiscal policies and inflation, all of which are beyond the Company s control. Any deterioration in economic conditions, whether caused by national or local concerns, in particular any further economic slowdown in Pennsylvania, could result in the following consequences, any of which could hurt the Company s business materially: loan delinquencies may increase; problem assets and foreclosures may increase; demand for the Company s products and services may decrease; low cost or noninterest bearing deposits may decrease; and collateral for loans made by the Company, especially real estate, may decline in value, in turn reducing customers borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with the Company s existing loans. 
 
 The Company s success significantly depends upon the growth in population, income levels, deposits, and housing starts in the Company's markets. If the communities in which the Company operates do not grow or if prevailing economic conditions locally or nationally are unfavorable, the Company s business may not succeed. An economic downturn or prolonged recession would likely result in further deterioration of the quality of the Company s loan portfolio and reduce the Company s level of deposits, which in turn would hurt its business. If the Company experiences an economic downturn or a prolonged economic recession occurs in the economy as a whole, borrowers will be less likely to repay their loans as scheduled. Moreover, in many cases the value of the real estate or other collateral that secures the Company s loans was adversely affected by the economic conditions over the past few years, and an economic downtown or a prolonged economic recession could further negatively affect such values. Unlike many larger institutions, the Company is not able to spread the risks of unfavorable local economic conditions across a large number of diversified economies. An economic downturn could, therefore, result in losses that materially and adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 The small- and medium-sized business target market may have fewer financial resources to weather a downturn in the economy. 
 
 The Company targets its commercial development and marketing strategy to serve the banking and financial services needs of small- and medium-sized businesses. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. If general economic conditions negatively impact this major economic sector in the markets in which the Company operates, its results of operations and financial condition, as well as the value of its securities, may be adversely affected. 
 
 Higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums or special assessments could adversely impact the Company s financial condition. 
 
 The Company s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain deposit insurance. As an FDIC-insured institution, the Company is required to pay quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The FDIC issued a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. Additionally, promptly following the recent failures of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and Signature Bank in March of 2023, the federal banking regulators announced that the FDIC will use funds from the DIF to ensure that all depositors in SVB and Signature Bank are made whole at no cost to taxpayers. We anticipate that the FDIC will impose special assessments on all banks to replenish the DIF. Although the Company cannot predict if there will be future increases to insurance assessment rates or special assessments, either a deterioration in its risk-based capital ratios or further adjustments to the base assessment rates could have a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 The Company depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties and its financial condition could be adversely affected if it relies on misleading information. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, the Company may rely on information furnished to it by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information, which it does not independently verify. The Company also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to clients, the Company may assume that a customer s audited financial statements conform with GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. The Company s financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent it relies on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading. 

21 

Changes in prevailing interest rates may reduce the Company s profitability. 
 
 The Company s results of operations depend in large part upon the level of its net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings. Depending on the terms and maturities of the Company s assets and liabilities, a significant change in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on its profitability. Many factors cause changes in interest rates, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. While the Company intends to manage the effects of changes in interest rates by adjusting the terms, maturities, and pricing of its assets and liabilities, its efforts may not be effective and its financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 The Company is subject to interest rate risk, and fluctuations in market interest rates may affect its interest margin and income, demand for products, defaults on loans, loan prepayments and the fair value of its financial instruments. 
 
 The Company s earnings and cash flows depend largely upon its net interest income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence the interest the Company receives on loans and investments and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, which may affect net interest margin. Such changes could also affect (i) demand for products and services and price competition, in turn affecting our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits; (ii) the fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities; (iii) the average duration of its mortgage-backed securities portfolio and other interest-earning assets; (iv) levels of defaults on loans; and (v) loan prepayments. 
 
 During 2022, in response to accelerated inflation, the Federal Reserve implemented monetary tightening policies, resulting in significantly increased interest rates. The Federal Reserve has signaled that further tightening is anticipated. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. In addition, the Company s net interest margin may contract in a rising rate environment because its funding costs may increase faster than the yield earned on its interest-earning assets. In a rising rate environment, demand for loans may decrease and loans with adjustable interest rates are more likely to experience a higher rate of default. Additionally, changes in interest rates also affect the fair value of the securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves inversely with changes in interest rates. The combination of these events may adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. In addition, in a falling rate environment or the recent pandemic-related environment where the Federal Reserve held the federal reference rate near 0.00 , loans may be prepaid sooner than the Company expects, which could result in a delay between when the Company receives the prepayment and when it is able to redeploy the funds into new interest-earning assets and in a decrease in the amount of interest income the Company is able to earn on those assets. If the Company is unable to manage these risks effectively, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Also, the Company s interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions likely may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on its balance sheet. 
 
 The Company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Bank cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the Bank. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

22 

Competition with other financial institutions may have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to retain and grow its client base, which could have a negative effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The banking and financial services industry is very competitive and includes services offered from other banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, other lenders, and institutions offering uninsured investment alternatives. Legal and regulatory developments have made it easier for new and sometimes unregulated competitors to compete with the Company. The financial services industry has and is experiencing an ongoing trend towards consolidation in which fewer large national and regional banks and other financial institutions are replacing many smaller and more local banks. These larger banks and other financial institutions hold a large accumulation of assets and have significantly greater resources and a wider geographic presence or greater accessibility. In some instances, these larger entities operate without the traditional brick and mortar facilities that restrict geographic presence. Some competitors have more aggressive marketing campaigns and better brand recognition, and are able to offer more services, more favorable pricing or greater customer convenience than the Bank. In addition, competition has increased from new banks and other financial services providers that target the Company s existing or potential customers. As consolidation continues among large banks, the Company expects other smaller institutions to try to compete in the markets the Company plans to serve. This competition could reduce the Company's net income by decreasing the number and size of the loans that it originates and the interest rates it charges on these loans. Additionally, these competitors may offer higher interest rates, which could decrease the deposits the Company attracts or require it to increase rates to retain existing deposits or attract new deposits. Increased deposit competition could adversely affect the Company s ability to generate the funds necessary for lending operations which could increase its cost of funds. 
 The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms and insurance companies can merge as part of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking. Technological developments have allowed competitors, including some non-depository institutions, to compete more effectively in local markets and have expanded the range of financial products, services and capital available to the Company s target customers. If the Company is unable to implement, maintain and use such technologies effectively, it may not be able to offer products or achieve cost-efficiencies necessary to compete in the industry. In addition, some of these competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and lower cost structures. 
 
 Liquidity needs could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 The primary sources of funds of the Bank are customer deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather, which could be exacerbated by potential climate change, natural disasters and international instability. 
 Market conditions may impact the competitive landscape for deposits in the banking industry. The rising interest rate environment and future actions the Federal Reserve may take may impact pricing and demand for deposits in the banking industry. Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available to customers on alternative investments and general economic conditions. The withdrawal of more deposits than the Company anticipates could have an adverse impact on profitability as the Company may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances, sales of investment securities and loans, and federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, as well as out-of-market time deposits which could cause the Company's overall cost of funding to increase. While the Company believes that these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity demands, particularly if the Company continues to grow and experience increasing loan demand. The Company may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth, capital expenditures or other investments or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. 
 
 Technological advances impact the Company s business; its information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 
 
 To conduct the Company s business, it relies heavily on new technology-driven products and services and on communications and information systems. the Company s future success will depend, in part, on its ability to address the needs of the Bank s customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in operations. Furthermore, any failure, interruption or breach of the security of the Company s information systems could result in failures or disruptions in its customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of the Company s information systems, there can be no assurance that the Company can prevent any such failures, interruptions or security breaches or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. During the normal course of the 
 23 

Company s business, it has experienced and it expects to continue to experience attempts to breach its systems, none of which has been material to the Company to date, and it may be unable to protect sensitive data and the integrity of its systems. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of the Company s information systems could damage its reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject it to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose it to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations as well as the value of its securities. 
 
 The Company s controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 
 
 The Company regularly reviews and updates its internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well-designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the Company s controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Negative public opinion surrounding the Company and the financial institutions industry generally could damage its reputation and adversely impact its earnings. 
 
 Reputation risk, or the risk to the Company s business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion surrounding the Company and the financial institutions industry generally, is inherent in its business. Negative public opinion can result from the Company s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect the Company s ability to keep and attract clients and employees and can expose it to litigation and regulatory action. Although the Company takes steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with its clients and communities, this risk will always be present given the nature of its business. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant economic impact on the communities in which the Company operates, its borrowers and depositors, and the national economy generally. Although the domestic and global economies have significantly recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic as health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic remain and may persist for some time. Specifically, despite growth in economic activity and the demand for goods and services as COVID-19 restrictions were lifted, labor shortages and supply chain disruptions have contributed to an increase in inflation, and the risk of a recession. The ongoing and dynamic nature of COVID-19 makes it difficult to predict future developments. 
 
 The Company expects the impact of COVID-19 to continue to be present, and last for an undetermined amount of time. The expected impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and capital levels, cannot be determined and is uncertain. 
 
 Adverse weather events could negatively affect the Company s local economies or disrupt it operations, which would have an adverse effect on its business or results of operations. 
 
 Adverse weather events can disrupt the Company s operations, result in damage to its properties and negatively affect the local economies in which it operates. In addition, these weather events may result in a decline in value or destruction of properties securing the Company s loans and an increase in delinquencies, foreclosures and loan losses. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision that could interfere with their ability to conduct their business and may negatively impact their financial results, restrict their activities, have an adverse impact on their operations, and impose financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of their business. 
 
 The Company, primarily through the Bank, is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund and the safety and soundness of the banking system as a whole, not shareholders. These regulations affect the Company s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Company to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, and/or 
 24 

limit the pricing it may charge on certain banking services, among other things. The Company will have to apply resources to ensure that it is in compliance with any changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretations or implementation, which may increase its costs of operations and adversely impact its earnings. 
 
 Imposition of limits by bank regulators on commercial real estate lending activities could curtail our growth and adversely affect our earnings. 
 
 In 2006, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the FDIC and the FRB (collectively, the Agencies issued joint guidance entitled Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the CRE Guidance ). Although the CRE Guidance did not establish specific lending limits, it provides that a bank s commercial real estate lending exposure could receive increased supervisory scrutiny where total non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial real estate, and construction and land loans, represent 300 or more of an institution s total risk-based capital, and the outstanding balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the preceding 36 months. Commercial real estate loans represent 324.9 of our risk-based capital at December 31, 2022 and the outstanding balance of our commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by greater than 50 during the 36 months preceding December 31, 2022. 
 
 In December 2015, the Agencies released a new statement on prudent risk management for commercial real estate lending (the 2015 Statement ). In the 2015 Statement, the Agencies, among other things, indicate the intent to continue to pay special attention to commercial real estate lending activities and concentrations going forward. If the Bank s regulators were to impose restrictions on the amount of such loans it can hold in its portfolio or require it to implement additional compliance measures, for reasons noted above or otherwise, the Company s earnings would be adversely affected as would earnings per share. 
 
 The Bank faces a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act ), and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the U.S. Treasury to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (the OFAC ). Federal and state bank regulators also have begun to increase focus on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regulations. If the Company s policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that it has already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, it would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on its ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of its business plan, including its acquisition plans, which would negatively impact its business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for the Company. 
 
 Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase the Company s and the Bank s costs, affect or limit how they collect and use personal information and adversely affect their business opportunities. 
 
 The Company is subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and it could be negatively impacted by these laws. For example, the Company s business is subject to the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on its ability to share nonpublic personal information about its customers with nonaffiliated third parties; (ii) requires that it provide certain disclosures to customers about its information collection, sharing and security practices and afford customers the right to opt out of any information sharing by the Company with nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions) and (iii) requires it develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing safeguards appropriate based on its size and complexity, the nature and scope of its activities, and the sensitivity of customer information it processes, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the United States are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on the Company s current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, the Company s collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee information, and some of its current or planned business 
 25 

activities. This could also increase the Company s costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. This includes increased privacy-related enforcement activity at the federal level, by the Federal Trade Commission, as well as at the state level, such as with regard to mobile applications. 
 
 Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer or employee data to which the Company is subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict its ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial conditions or results of operations. The Company s failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to its reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of its securities. 
 
 The Company's and the Bank s use of third party vendors and their other ongoing third party business relationships are subject to increasing regulatory requirements and attention. 
 
 The Company regularly uses third party vendors as part of its business. The Bank also has substantial ongoing business relationships with other third parties. These types of third party relationships are subject to increasingly demanding regulatory requirements and attention by the Company s federal bank regulators. Regulatory guidance requires all banking organizations to enhance due diligence, ongoing monitoring and control over organizations third party vendors and other ongoing third party business relationships. The Company expects that its regulators will hold it responsible for any deficiencies in its oversight and control of its third party relationships and in the performance of the parties with which it has these relationships. As a result, if the Company s regulators conclude that it has not exercised adequate oversight and control over its third party vendors or other ongoing third party business relationships or that such third parties have not performed appropriately, the Company could be subject to enforcement actions, including civil money penalties or other administrative or judicial penalties or fines as well as requirements for customer remediation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of its securities. 
 
 The Bank is limited in the amount it can lend to one borrower. 
 
 The Bank is limited in the amount it can lend to a single borrower. The legal lending limit is 15 of such bank s capital and surplus with an additional 10 available for certain loans meeting heightened collateral requirements. However, the Company generally imposes an internal limit that is more conservative than the legal maximum. The Bank s lending limit is significantly less than the limit for most of its competitors and may affect its ability to seek relationships with larger businesses in its market area. From time to time, the Company attempts to accommodate larger loans by selling participations in those loans to other financial institutions. However, the Company cannot assure you that it will be able to attract or maintain customers seeking larger loans or that it will be able to sell participations in such loans on terms it considers favorable. The Company s inability to attract and maintain these customers or its inability to sell loan participations on favorable terms could adversely impact its business, financial condition, results of operation, and the value of its securities. 
 Federal, state and local consumer lending laws may restrict the Bank s ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase its risk of liability with respect to such loans and could increase its cost of doing business. 
 
 Federal, state and local laws have been adopted that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property. Loans with certain terms and conditions and that otherwise meet the definition of a qualified mortgage may be protected from liability to a borrower for failing to make the necessary determinations. The Company may find it necessary to tighten its mortgage loan underwriting standards in response to these rules, which may constrain its ability to make loans consistent with its business strategies. It is the Company s policy not to make predatory loans and to determine borrowers ability to repay, but the law and related rules create the potential for increased liability with respect to the Company s lending and loan investment activities. They increase the Company s cost of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent it from making certain loans and cause it to reduce the average percentage rate or the points and fees on loans that it does make. 
 
 The Bank is subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. 
 
 Federal and state fair lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have 
 26 

the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A successful challenge to the Company s performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact its rating under the Community Reinvestment Act and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact its reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The Bank's current Community Reinvestment Act rating is Satisfactory. 
 
 The Federal Reserve may require the Company to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 
 
 The Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal bank regulators to require that all companies that directly or indirectly control an insured depository institution serve as a source of financial strength for the institution. Under these requirements, in the future, the Company could be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank, if it experiences financial distress. 
 
 A capital injection may be required at times when the Company does not have the resources to provide it, and therefore the Company may be required to borrow the funds. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations. Thus, any borrowing that must be done by the holding company in order to make the required capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive and will adversely impact the holding company s cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The Company may be subject to more stringent capital requirements in the future. 
 
 From time to time, the Company s banking regulators change the regulatory capital adequacy guidelines applicable to it and its banking subsidiary. In December 2010 and January 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the final texts of reforms on capital and liquidity generally referred to as Basel III. The federal regulatory agencies adopted capital rules implementing the Basel III capital framework in the United States. Under these rules, the Bank is required to satisfy additional, more stringent, capital adequacy standards than it has in the past. If the Company s consolidated assets were to exceed 3.0 billion or larger, the Company would be subject to consolidated holding company capital requirements similar to those applicable to the Bank. The Bank has met all of the requirements of the Basel III-based capital rules to date, but the Bank may fail to do so in the future. In addition, these requirements could have a negative impact on the Bank s ability to lend, grow deposit balances, make acquisitions or make capital distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases. Higher capital levels could also lower the Company s return on equity, which may negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial condition, and the value of its securities. 
 
 The Bank may be a party to various lawsuits. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties such that the expenses and ultimate exposure with respect to many of these matters cannot be ascertained. 
 
 From time to time, customers and others make claims and take legal action pertaining to the Company s performance of fiduciary responsibilities or other matters. Whether customer claims and legal action are legitimate or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in the Company s favor they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of it and its products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Company s Securities 
 
 There is a limited trading market in the Company's common stock, which will hinder your ability to sell our common stock and may lower the market price of the stock. 
 
 Although the Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there is currently a limited trading market for the Company's common stock. An active trading market for shares of the Company's common stock may never develop or be sustained. This limited trading market for the Company's common stock may reduce the market value of our common stock. Before investing in shares of the Company's common stock you should consider the limited trading market for our common stock and be financially prepared and able to hold your shares for an indefinite period. 
 27 

The Company can provide no assurance regarding whether it will continue to make dividend payments in the future. 
 
 The Company currently pays a quarterly dividend of 0.075 per share. All future dividends will be dependent on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as capital regulations and dividend restrictions from the PADOBS, the FDIC, and the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued policy statements, which provide that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. The FDIC also has the authority under federal law to enjoin a bank from engaging in what in its opinion constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business, including the payment of a dividend under certain circumstances. The Company can provide no assurance regarding whether it will continue to make dividend payments in the future. 
 
 The Company may issue additional shares of common stock, and this would result in dilution of a shareholder s ownership percentage and potentially the per share book value of the common stock. 
 
 The Company may, in the future, determine that it is advisable, or it may encounter circumstances where it determines it is necessary, to issue additional shares of common stock, preferred stock, securities convertible into, exchangeable for or that represent an interest in common stock, or common stock-equivalent securities to fund strategic initiatives or other business needs or to build additional capital. In September 2022, the Company completed its IPO whereby it issued and sold 5,101,205 shares of common stock. In February 2023, the Company completed a private placement of 10.0 million in common stock. These issuances diluted and future issuances may dilute the ownership interests of shareholders and could potentially dilute the per share book value of the common stock if the issuances are done at a lower per share offering price. 
 
 Furthermore, in recognition of the financial risk and efforts undertook in organizing the Company, certain founding investors were granted warrants to purchase four shares of common stock at a purchase price of 10 per share for every one share the individual purchased during the Company s initial offering in 2018-2019. In the aggregate, warrants to purchase 1,537,484 shares of common stock were granted to these individuals, which are exercisable for ten years from the date of grant. The exercise of such warrants would dilute the ownership interests of the Company's shareholders. 
 
 The Company's securities are not FDIC insured and may lose value. 
 
 Shares of the Company's common stock are not savings accounts or deposits and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC, or any other governmental agency, and involve investment risk, including the possible loss of principal. 
 
 The Company s common stock is subordinate to existing and future indebtedness. 
 
 Shares of the Company s common stock are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, the Company s common stock ranks junior to all our customer deposits and indebtedness, and other non-equity claims on the Company, with respect to assets available to satisfy claims. In addition, the shares of common stock rank junior to the 20.0 million in subordinated debt that the Company assumed in connection with the Gratz Merger and the 20.0 million of subordinated debt that the Company issued in April 2022. 
 
 Other Risks 
 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as bank failures or concerns involving liquidity, may have a material effect on the Company s operations. 
 
 Recent events relating to the failures of certain banking entities in March 2023, i.e. Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, have caused general uncertainty and concern regarding the liquidity adequacy of the banking sector as a whole. Uncertainty may be compounded by the reach and depth of media attention, including social media, and its ability to disseminate concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, and have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. These failures underscore the importance of maintaining diversified sources of funding as key measures to ensure the safety and soundness of a financial institution. As a result, market conditions and other external factors may impact the competitive landscape for deposits in the banking industry in an unpredictable manner. The rising interest rate environment has increased competition for liquidity and the premium at which liquidity is available to meet funding needs. 

28 

The use of estimates and valuations may be different from actual results, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company makes various estimates that affect reported amounts and disclosures. Broadly, those estimates are used in measuring the fair value of certain financial instruments, establishing provision for loan losses and potential litigation liability. Market volatility may make it difficult to determine the fair value for certain of the Company s assets and liabilities. Subsequent valuations, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the values of these financial instruments in future periods. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these assets and liabilities, the price the Company ultimately realizes will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time for that particular type of asset or liability and may be materially lower than its estimate of their current fair value. Estimates are based on available information and judgment. Therefore, actual values and results could differ from the Company s estimates and that difference could have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company's shareholders have limited control over changes in the Company s policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks that shareholders face. 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company determine the major policies of the Company, including its policies regarding growth and distributions. The Board of Directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the shareholders. The Board of Directors broad discretion in setting policies and shareholders inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks the shareholders face. 
 
 The Company's articles of incorporation permit the Board of Directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of the Company's common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring the Company in a manner that could result in a premium price to shareholders. 
 
 The Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of the Company's common stock, classify any unissued shares of the Company's preferred stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of the Company's preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, the Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of the Company's common stock. Such preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets) that might provide a premium price to holders of the Company's common stock. 
 
 The Company s articles of incorporation and bylaws, and certain banking laws applicable to us, could have an anti-takeover effect that decreases the Company s chances of being acquired, even if an acquisition is in the shareholders best interests. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Company s articles of incorporation and bylaws, and federal and state banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of our organization or conduct a proxy contest, even if those events were perceived by many of the Company s shareholders as beneficial to their interests. These provisions, and the corporate and banking laws and regulations applicable to us: 
 
 enable the board of directors to increase the size of the board and fill the vacancies created by the increase; 

provide that directors may only be removed for cause and by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast; 

enable the board of directors to amend our bylaws without shareholder approval, subject, however, to any provision of the articles of incorporation, bylaws, or the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law that requires action to be taken by the shareholders and the general power of the shareholders to change such action in accordance with the Bylaws and Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law; 

require advance notice for shareholder proposals and director nominations; 

require a supermajority vote of the shareholders to approve a merger that has not been approved by the board of directors, and to amend certain provisions in the articles of incorporation and the bylaws; and 

require prior regulatory approval of any transaction involving control of our organization. 

The foregoing may discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control. 
 29 

The Company is an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and the Company cannot be certain whether the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make the Company s common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 The Company is an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ), and is, therefore, permitted to, and intends to, take advantage of certain exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. The Company will be an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which the Company had total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more, (ii) December 31, 2026, (iii) the date on which the Company has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt or (iv) the date on which the Company is deemed a large accelerated filer, as defined under the federal securities laws. For so long as the Company remains an emerging growth company, the Company may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in the Company s periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on certain executive compensation matters, such as say on pay and say on frequency. As a result, the Company s shareholders may not have access to certain information that they may deem important. Although the Company intends to rely on the exemptions provided in the JOBS Act, the exact implications of the JOBS Act for the Company are still subject to interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies. 
 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards. The Company has elected to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 
 
 The Company cannot predict whether investors will find its common stock less attractive as a result of the Company taking advantage of these exemptions. If some investors find the Company s common stock less attractive as a result of these choices, there may be a less active trading market for the Company s common stock, and the Company s stock price may be more volatile. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None 
 
 30 

Item 2. Properties . 
 
 The Company's principal offices are located at 1250 Camp Hill Bypass, Suite 202, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. The Company owns and leases other premises for use as Solutions Centers in Dauphin, Chester, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland, Schuylkill, and York counties within Pennsylvania. The following table sets forth the locations of Bank facilities. 

Description 
 
 Address 
 
 Owned / Leased 

Camp Hill Headquarters 
 
 1250 Camp Hill Bypass, Suite 202 Camp Hill, PA 17011 
 
 Leased 

Camp Hill Solutions Center 
 
 3045 Market Street Camp Hill, PA 17011 
 
 Leased 

Gratz Solutions Center 
 
 32 West Market Street Gratz, PA 17030 
 
 Owned 

Harrisburg Solutions Center 
 
 2057 EG Drive Harrisburg, PA 17110 
 
 Leased 

Herndon Solutions Center 
 
 4231 State Route 147 Herndon, PA 17830 
 
 Owned 

Lancaster Solutions Center 
 
 2010 Fruitville Pike Lancaster, PA 17601 
 
 Leased 

Minersville Solutions Center 
 
 260 West Sunbury Street Minersville, PA 17954 
 
 Owned 

Pottsville Solutions Center 
 
 2221 West Market Street Pottsville, PA 17901 
 
 Leased 

Treverton Solutions Center 
 
 450 West Shamokin Street Trevorton, PA 17881 
 
 Owned 

Valley View Solutions Center 
 
 1625 West Main Street Valley View, PA 17983 
 
 Owned 

West Chester Solutions Center 
 
 1436 Pottstown Pike West Chester, PA 19380 
 
 Leased 

West Chester Loan Production Office 
 
 535 N. Church Street, Suite 350 West Chester, PA 19380 
 
 Leased 

York Loan Production Office 
 
 155 North George Street, Suite 201 York, PA 17401 
 
 Leased 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company is not involved in any pending legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business, which involve amounts in the aggregate believed by management to be immaterial to the financial condition and operating results of the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 31 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 
 
 Market Information 
 The common stock of LINKBANCORP, Inc. is traded under the symbol LNKB on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As of the close of business on March 28, 2023, there were 525 shareholders of record. 
 
 The Company declared and paid cash dividends equal to 0.30 and 0.205 per share of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The merger agreement with GNBF provides that, for three years following the effective time of the Gratz Merger, the Company will pay a quarterly cash dividend in an amount equal to or greater than 0.30 per share per year, provided sufficient funds are legally available therefore and that the Company and the Bank remain well-capitalized in accordance with applicable regulatory guidelines. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis in an amount equal to or greater than 0.30 per share per year. The payment and amount of any dividend payments will be subject to statutory and regulatory limitations, and will depend upon a number of factors, including the following: regulatory capital requirements; our financial condition and results of operations; our other uses of funds for the long-term value of shareholders; tax considerations; and general economic conditions. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased no shares of its common stock. 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Reserved . 
 32 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This discussion and analysis reflects the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and other relevant statistical data and is intended to enhance your understanding of the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations. This Management s Discussion and Analysis is presented in the following sections: 
 Partners Merger 

Completion of Gratz Merger 

Completion of Initial Public Offering 

Overview and Strategy 

Recent Market Conditions 

Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Liquidity, Commitments, and Capital Resources 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

Partners Merger 
 On February 22, 2023, LINKBANCORP and Partners Bancorp entered into the Merger Agreement that provides that Partners Bancorp will merge with and into LINKBANCORP, with LINKBANCORP as the surviving corporation (the Partners Merger ). Partners Bancorp shareholders will receive 1.15 shares of LINKBANCORP common stock for each Partners Bancorp share they own. Following the Partners Merger, Partners Bancorp s two bank subsidiaries, The Bank of Delmarva and Virginia Partners Bank, will merge with and into LINKBANK, with LINKBANK remaining as the surviving bank (the Bank Mergers ). The completion of the Partners Merger and the Bank Mergers is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by both LINKBANCORP and Partners Bancorp shareholders and the receipt of regulatory approvals. The Partners Merger is expected to close in the third quarter of 2023. In connection with the announcement of the Partners Merger, LINKBANCORP completed a private placement of 10.0 million with certain directors of LINKBANCORP as well as other accredited investors. 
 
 Completion of Gratz Merger 
 On September 18, 2021, LINKBANCORP completed its merger with GNB Financial Services, Inc. (the Gratz Merger ), with LINKBANCORP as the surviving corporation. Immediately following the Gratz Merger, LINKBANK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of LINKBANCORP, merged with and into The Gratz Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GNBF, with The Gratz Bank as the surviving bank. Effective November 4, 2022, The Gratz Bank legally changed its name and began to operate under one brand under the name LINKBANK. 
 As described in Note 2. Merger in the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Gratz Merger has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition and, accordingly, the historical financial information of the Company for all periods prior to September 18, 2021 is that of GNBF and Subsidiaries. For all periods beginning on September 18, 2021 and thereafter, the financial information is that of the combined company. See Note 2. Merger in the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Completion of Initial Public Offering 
 In September 2022, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO whereby it issued and sold 5,101,205 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 7.50 per share. The Company received net proceeds of 34.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 2.5 million and other offering expenses of 1.1 million. The Company plans to use the proceeds to support the Bank's current growth, its future growth initiatives, and for general corporate purposes. The Company's common stock now trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LNKB. 
 
 Overview and Strategy 
 The Company s core strategy is to further its mission of positively impacting lives through community banking by building strong relationships that bring value to its customers, employees, the communities it serves and its shareholders. In pursuing this mission, the Company specifically desires to invest in the development of strong future leaders for the banking industry and our communities, to 
 33 

contribute to economically and socially flourishing communities, and to demonstrate the continued viability and integral role of community banking for our economic and social development. 
 The Company operates primarily through its sole subsidiary, LINKBANK (the Bank ), which provides traditional lending, deposit gathering and cash services to retail customers, small businesses and nonprofit organizations. The Bank focuses its lending activities on small businesses, targeted to create a diverse loan portfolio in relation to its underlying collateral and different business segments with unique cash flow generation and varied interest rate sensitivity. The Bank offers a full suite of deposit products and cash management services focused on the small business and nonprofit segments. 
 Our revenues consist primarily of interest income earned on loans and investments. Interest income is partially offset by interest expense incurred on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by the balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and their relative interest rates. Net interest income is typically further reduced by a provision for loan losses. 
 Non-interest income also contributes to our operating results, consisting of service charges on deposit accounts, earnings on bank-owned life insurance, revenue from the sale of residential mortgage loans to the secondary market and related servicing fees and gains on sales of securities. Non-interest expenses, which include salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment costs, data processing, professional fees, FDIC insurance and other general and administrative expenses, are the Company s primary expenditures incurred as a result of operations. 
 Financial institutions, in general, are significantly affected by economic conditions, competition, and the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government. Lending activities are influenced by the demand for and supply of housing and commercial real estate, competition among lenders, interest rate conditions, and funds availability. Our operations and lending are concentrated in South Central Pennsylvania in Dauphin, Chester, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland, and Schuylkill Counties, and are influenced by local economic conditions. Deposit balances and cost of funds are influenced by prevailing market rates on competing investments, customer preferences, and levels of personal income and savings in our primary market area. Operations are also significantly impacted by government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Future changes in applicable law, regulations or government policies may materially impact the Company. 
 Recent Market Conditions 
 The Company s financial condition and performance are all highly dependent on the business environment in the market area in which we operate and in the United States as a whole. During the first quarter of 2020, there was an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) which spread to numerous countries around the world, including the United States, while becoming a global pandemic. As the spread of COVID-19 increased during the first and second quarters of 2020, federal, state, and local governments implemented various restrictive measures such as quarantines, restrictions on travel, school closings, stay at home rules and restrictions on certain business operations. These restrictions were lifted as people had begun to gain access to vaccines during the fourth quarter of 2020. Throughout the first half of 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to negatively affect our economy but started to wane towards the end of the second quarter only to see a national resurgence in cases during July 2021 and December 2021 as a result of variant strains of COVID-19. Primarily throughout 2020, the aforementioned restrictions had adversely affected the economy on a national, state, and local level, including the geographical areas in which the Company operates. As we progressed through 2021, especially during the second half of 2021, our economy benefited from reduced business and travel restrictions as the national and local impact of COVID-19 lessened. The impact of COVID-19 has continued to decrease throughout 2022, with even fewer restrictions and an increasing demand for travel. 
 The US GDP expanded by 2.1 in 2022, slowing from a 5.9 expansion in 2021 as the economy returned to a more normal pace of growth after pandemic-related disruptions in the previous two years. In 2022, the positive contributions came from consumer spending, exports, private inventory investment, and nonresidential fixed investment that were partly offset by decreases in residential fixed investment and federal government spending. 2022 was in many ways another year of upheaval not seen in decades. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may be fading, however challenges to the macroeconomic environment continue to persist for example, continuing global supply-chain disruptions, global central bank tightening , and geopolitical concerns such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war. These challenges can be coupled with internal matters affecting companies, such as employee retention, employee working arrangements, and cost management related to i nflation at 40-year highs . 
 In response to four-decade-high inflation, the Federal Reserve raised its key benchmark rate by 425 basis points during 2022. CPI inflation reached 9.1 in June 2022, before slowing to 6.5 near the end of the year. The Russian invasion of Ukraine elevated commodity prices and exacerbated global supply chain problems in the first six months of the year. By the end of the year, while headline inflation momentum was slowing, core service inflation was not, suggesting the Fed s inflation fight is not yet over. The labor market showed remarkable resilience in 2022, remaining historically tight even in the face of high inflation and rising interest rates. Job growth slowed throughout 2022 but remains very strong by pre-pandemic standards. Robust job gains and elevated wage pressures kept consumer spending high, underpinning stubborn service inflation. 
 34 

Mortgage rates rose on Fed tightening, reaching 7.1 in October 2022 before falling to 6.3 at year-end. Rising mortgage rates and elevated pandemic driven house prices caused home sales to fall significantly in 2022. Nonetheless, pent-up demand for new homes and other consumer products such as automobiles kept aggregate spending relatively high. 
 The S P 500 fell 19.4 during 2022 and the 10-year UST yield rose 237 basis points. The increase in bond yields have caused large unrealized losses and negative effects on equity through accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI as the banking industry has an estimated 310 billion of negative AOCI. Deposits and liquid assets declined for the first time since 2019 while the cost of funding increased. Declining liquidity in a period of rising rates could have an impact on earnings and capital if a bank needs to liquidate securities. 
 During March 2023, the FDIC placed both Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank under receivership marking the second and third largest bank failures in U.S. history. These failures underscore the importance of proper risk management programs and liquidity planning within the banking industry. The heightened focus on liquidity across the banking industry will continue to add to the already increasing competition for deposits as a source of core balance sheet funding, which is expected to cause the cost of funds at banks to continue to rise in the near term. Should financial institutions experience shortfalls in core funding, alternative sources of liquidity would most likely cause a further increase in funding costs, placing additional pressure on overall bank profitability across the sector. 
 Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Total assets at December 31, 2022, were 1.16 billion, an increase of 230.9 million, or 24.8 , from 932.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in total assets was primarily due to the increases in loans receivable of 213.1 million, from 714.8 million at December 31, 2021 to 927.9 million at December 31, 2022 and securities held to maturity of 31.8 million, from zero at December 31, 2021 to 31.8 million at December 31, 2022. These increases were offset by a decrease in securities available for sale of 25.0 million. 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased 7.4 million, or 32.9 , from 22.6 million at December 31, 2021 to 30.0 million at December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to: 
 Primary Cash Inflows 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 2.3 million; 

Net increase in deposits of 175.1 million; 

Proceeds from the IPO of 34.7 million; 

Proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt of 20.0 million; 

Net cash from investment securities (sales, calls, maturities, and principal repayments) of 16.2 million; and 

Proceeds from redemption of certificates of deposits with other banks of 7.2 million. 

Primary Cash Outflows 
 Net increase in loans receivable of 206.4 million; 

Purchase of investment securities held to maturity of 34.4 million; and 

Payment of dividends of 3.3 million. 

Securities available-for-sale decreased by 25.0 million, or 24.1 , to 78.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 103.8 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to return of principal of 11.9 million and the changes in fair value. The securities available-for-sale portfolio had a net unrealized loss of 8.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared with a net unrealized gain of 2.3 million at December 31, 2021. Also contributing to the decrease in securities available-for-sale were proceeds from calls and maturities of 1.2 million, and proceeds from sales of 513 thousand. The proceeds from available-for-sale securities sales and the net return of principal repayments were reinvested in 2022 into investment securities classified as held to maturity. 
 The following table summarizes the maturity distribution schedule with corresponding weighted-average yields of securities available for sale and held-to-maturity as of December 31, 2022. Weighted average yields have been computed on a fully taxable-equivalent 
 35 

basis using a tax rate of 21 . Mortgage-backed securities are included in maturity categories based on their contractual maturity date. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 

Within 1 Year 
 
 1-5 Years 
 
 5-10 Years 
 
 After 10 Years 
 
 Total 

(in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 
 Amount 
 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 
 Amount 
 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 
 Amount 
 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 
 Amount 
 
 Weighted Average Yield 

Available for Sale: 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

519 
 
 3.73 

324 
 
 1.82 

843 
 
 3.00 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 
 
 50 
 
 3.00 

5,792 
 
 2.90 

11,635 
 
 2.94 

22,692 
 
 3.44 

40,169 
 
 3.22 

Mortgage-backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

663 
 
 2.03 

9,734 
 
 1.58 

27,404 
 
 1.54 

37,801 
 
 1.56 

50 
 
 3.00 

6,455 
 
 2.81 

21,888 
 
 2.35 

50,420 
 
 2.38 

78,813 
 
 2.41 

Held to Maturity: 

Corporate debentures 

3,000 
 
 4.38 

11,993 
 
 5.02 

14,993 
 
 4.89 

Structured mortgage-backed securities 

16,829 
 
 4.14 

16,829 
 
 4.14 

Total 

3,000 
 
 4.38 

11,993 
 
 5.02 

16,829 
 
 4.14 

31,822 
 
 4.49 

In 2022, the Company purchased investment securities classified as held to maturity of 34.4 million. During 2022, return of principal on held to maturity securities totaled 2.6 million. 
 
 Net loans receivable increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as shown in the table below: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Agriculture loans 

15,591 

9,341 

6,250 

66.91 

Commercial loans 

103,874 

98,604 

5,270 

5.34 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

881 

23,774 

(22,893) 

(96.29) 

Commercial real estate loans 

540,914 

338,749 

202,165 

59.68 

Residential real estate loans 

250,832 

231,302 

19,530 

8.44 

Consumer loans 

10,057 

7,087 

2,970 

41.91 

Municipal loans 

5,466 

6,182 

(716) 

(11.58) 

Total Loans 

927,615 

715,039 

212,576 

29.73 

Deferred costs (fees) 

256 

(223) 

479 

(214.80) 

Allowance for loan losses 

(4,666) 

(3,152) 

(1,514) 

48.03 

Net Loans 

923,205 

711,664 

211,541 

29.72 

The majority of the loan growth in net loans resulted from a 202.2 million increase in commercial real estate loans, a 59.7 increase, from 338.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 540.9 million at December 31, 2022. 
 36 

The following table presents the maturity distribution of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. The table further presents the breakdown of our loans between those loans that earn interest at a fixed interest rate and those loans that earn an interest rate that currently fluctuates in accordance with changes to a specific interest rate index. 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Due in One Year or Less 

After One but Within Five Years 

After Five but Within Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total due after One Year 

Total 

Agriculture loans 

567 

1,164 

7,539 

6,322 

15,025 

15,591 

Commercial loans 

12,591 

28,939 

16,172 

46,172 

91,283 

103,874 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

881 

881 

881 

Commercial real estate loans 

16,411 

89,376 

386,314 

48,813 

524,503 

540,914 

Residential real estate loans 

11,063 

60,917 

93,872 

84,980 

239,769 

250,832 

Consumer and other loans 

111 

556 

8,983 

407 

9,946 

10,057 

Municipal loans 

223 

859 

2,685 

1,699 

5,243 

5,466 

Total 

40,966 

182,692 

515,565 

188,393 

886,650 

927,615 

Loans with fixed interest rates 

Agriculture loans 

89 

734 

6,862 

7,596 

7,685 

Commercial loans 

504 

23,649 

10,378 

607 

34,634 

35,138 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

881 

881 

881 

Commercial real estate loans 

2,828 

48,712 

166,141 

10,953 

225,806 

228,634 

Residential real estate loans 

6,433 

28,748 

41,567 

21,078 

91,393 

97,826 

Consumer and other loans 

62 

523 

2,434 

407 

3,364 

3,426 

Municipal loans 

223 

483 

2,455 

2,938 

3,161 

Total 

10,139 

103,730 

229,837 

33,045 

366,612 

376,751 

Loans with floating interest rates 

Agriculture loans 

478 

430 

677 

6,322 

7,429 

7,906 

Commercial loans 

12,087 

5,290 

5,794 

45,565 

56,649 

68,736 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

13,583 

40,664 

220,173 

37,860 

298,697 

312,280 

Residential real estate loans 

4,630 

32,169 

52,305 

63,902 

148,376 

153,006 

Consumer and other loans 

49 

33 

6,549 

6,582 

6,631 

Municipal loans 

376 

230 

1,699 

2,305 

2,305 

Total 

30,827 

78,962 

285,728 

155,348 

520,038 

550,864 

37 

Non-accrual loans are presented in the table below. Also see Note 6 - Allowance for Loan Losses in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Non-Accrual Loans 

Non-Accrual Loans 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Total Loans 

Amount 
 
 Percent of Loans in Category 

Total Loans 

Amount 
 
 Percent of Loans in Category 

Agriculture loans 

15,591 

9,341 

Commercial loans 

103,874 

35 

0.03 

98,604 

39 

0.04 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

881 

23,774 

Commercial real estate loans 

540,914 

231 

0.04 

338,749 

144 

0.04 

Residential real estate loans 

250,832 

1,652 

0.66 

231,302 

449 

0.19 

Consumer and other loans 

10,057 

7,087 

2 

0.03 

Municipal loans 

5,466 

6,182 

Total 

927,615 

1,918 

0.21 

715,039 

634 

0.09 

Excluding PPP loans 

926,734 

1,918 

0.21 

691,265 

634 

0.09 

Allowance for credit losses on loans 

4,666 

3,152 

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans 

0.50 

0.44 

Ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.21 

0.09 

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans 

243.27 

497.16 

The table below provides an allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan category at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Amount of Allowance Allocated 

Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans 

Total Loans 

Ratio of Allowance Allocated to Loans in Each Category 

December 31, 2022 

Agriculture loans 

33 

1.68 

15,591 

0.21 

Commercial loans 

583 

11.20 

103,874 

0.56 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

0.09 

881 

Commercial real estate loans 

2,462 

58.31 

540,914 

0.46 

Residential real estate loans 

1,536 

27.04 

250,832 

0.61 

Consumer and other loans 

40 

1.08 

10,057 

0.40 

Municipal loans 

12 

0.59 

5,466 

0.22 

Unallocated Allowance 

Total 

4,666 

100.00 

927,615 

0.50 

December 31, 2021 

Agriculture loans 

23 

1.31 

9,341 

0.25 

Commercial loans 

582 

13.79 

98,604 

0.59 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

3.32 

23,774 

Commercial real estate loans 

799 

47.37 

338,749 

0.24 

Residential real estate loans 

1,634 

32.35 

231,302 

0.71 

Consumer and other loans 

22 

0.99 

7,087 

0.31 

Municipal loans 

15 

0.86 

6,182 

0.24 

Unallocated Allowance 

77 

Total 

3,152 

100.00 

715,039 

0.44 

The allowance for loan losses increased 1.5 million from 3.2 million at December 31, 2021 to 4.7 million at December 31, 2022. The primary driver of the increased allowance for loan losses was a provision for loan losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 1.3 million, and net recoveries of 224 thousand. The increase in the allowance for loan losses during 2022 when compared to 2021 can be attributed to a few factors. Management noted that the Company experienced an overall increase in criticized loans, defined as loans rated as Special Mention and Substandard, which increased 1.2 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Additionally, management noted that the balance of loans greater than 60 days past due increased 839 thousand at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. Finally, management noted that total loans increased 212.6 million at 
 38 

December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021, which adds an inherent increased risk of loss based on our allowance methodology. All of these factors contributed to the need to increase the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. One item that did not materially contribute to an increase in the allowance for loan losses was the 1.3 million increase in non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. These loans were individually assessed for impairment and those impairment tests showed the need for a specific reserve of only 20 thousand. Not included in the table above is the remaining unamortized credit fair value adjustment on loans acquired through the Gratz Merger which totaled 5.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Asset quality remained strong at December 31, 2022 with non-performing assets, which is defined as non-accrual loans, loans delinquent greater than 90 days and still accruing interest, and other real estate owned, was 2.7 million or 0.29 of total gross loans. This is compared to 1.8 million of non-performing assets at December 31, 2021, which equated to 0.25 of gross loans. Additionally, to compare our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of our gross loans outstanding, the Company also considers the credit fair value adjustment that was made to the loans acquired through the Gratz Merger, which totaled 5.0 million and 7.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in order to capture a truer picture of our overall coverage related to potential loan losses. Our allowance for loan losses and our credit fair value adjustment totaled 9.7 million and 10.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and represented 1.04 and 1.41 of our total gross loans, respectively. 
 Additional information related to the provision for loan losses and net (charge-offs) recoveries is presented in the table below. Also see Note 6 - Allowance for Loan Losses in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 

(In Thousands) 
 Provision Expense (Benefit) 

Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries 

Average Loans 

Ratio of Annualized Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries to Average Loans 

2022 

Agriculture loans 
 
 10 

10,946 

0.00 

Commercial loans 
 
 (30) 

31 

96,517 

0.03 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

7,740 

Commercial real estate loans 
 
 1,663 

430,235 

Residential real estate loans 
 
 (292) 

194 

245,505 

0.08 

Consumer and other loans 
 
 19 

(1) 

8,824 

(0.01) 

Municipal loans 
 
 (3) 

5,812 

Unallocated 
 
 (77) 

Total 
 
 1,290 

224 

805,580 

0.03 

Excluding PPP loans 
 
 1,290 

224 

797,840 

0.03 

2021 

Agriculture loans 
 
 (97) 

9,386 

0.00 

Commercial loans 
 
 294 

(2) 

43,102 

(0.00) 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

6,523 

Commercial real estate loans 
 
 503 

(18) 

119,217 

(0.02) 

Residential real estate loans 
 
 197 

(265) 

181,494 

(0.15) 

Consumer and other loans 
 
 (13) 

3,550 

Municipal loans 
 
 (3) 

6,577 

Unallocated 
 
 (233) 

Total 
 
 648 

(285) 

369,849 

(0.08) 

Excluding PPP loans 
 
 648 

(285) 

363,326 

(0.08) 

Total deposits grew by 175.1 million or 22.7 , from 771.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 946.8 million at December 31, 2022. Changes in the deposit types are presented in the table below: 

(in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Demand, noninterest-bearing 

192,773 

129,243 

63,530 

49.2 

Demand, interest-bearing 

254,478 

256,258 

(1,780) 

(0.7) 

Money market and savings 

228,048 

205,843 

22,205 

10.8 

Time deposits, 250,000 and over 

45,616 

56,266 

(10,650) 

(18.9) 

Time deposits, other 

225,857 

124,055 

101,802 

82.1 

Total deposits 

946,772 

771,665 

175,107 

22.7 

39 

Of the increase in total deposits of 175.1 million, brokered deposits of 70.0 million are included within time deposits, other, at December 31, 2022, compared to 0 at December 31, 2021. These brokered deposits mature in 2023. Management utilizes brokered deposits as a supplement to core deposit funding from time to time and does not consider brokered deposits to be a primary source of funding. 
 
 The table below presents the daily average balances by deposit type and weighted average rates paid thereon for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 

Average Rate Paid 

Average Balance 

Average Rate Paid 

Demand, noninterest-bearing 

173,938 

0.00 

99,747 

0.00 

Demand, interest-bearing 

271,681 

0.63 

175,133 

0.59 

Money market and savings 

229,979 

0.83 

112,511 

0.18 

Time deposits, other 

205,636 

0.83 

110,928 

0.77 

Total Deposits 

881,234 

0.61 

498,319 

0.42 

The Company has deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 of 408.4 million and 317.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total uninsured deposits is calculated based on regulatory reporting requirements and reflects the portion of any deposit of a customer at an insured depository institution that exceeds the applicable FDIC insurance coverage for that depositor at that institution and amounts in any other uninsured investment or deposit accounts that are classified as deposits and not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regime. As of December 31, 2022, the total uninsured deposits includes 36.8 million of municipal deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance limits. These municipal deposits are fully secured with pledged securities from our available for sale securities portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of time deposits that meet or exceed the FDIC insurance limit or otherwise uninsured were as follows: 

(In Thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Due within 3 months or less 

617 

Due after 3 months and within 6 months 

564 

Due after 6 months and within 12 months 

34,828 

Due after 12 months 

9,607 

45,616 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other borrowings consisted of 0 and 19.8 million in borrowings under the Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility PPPLF ), which were assumed as part of the Gratz Merger. The PPPLF was a program designated to facilitate lending by financial institutions to small businesses under the PPP provision of the CARES Act. At December 31, 2022, other borrowings consisted of 20.9 million in short-term FHLB Advances, scheduled to mature in 2023. 
 Subordinated debt with a fair value of 20.7 million was assumed as part of the Gratz Merger. These notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 5.0 per year for five years and then float at an index tied to the Secured Overnight Finance Rate SOFR ). The notes have a term of ten years, with a maturity date of October 1, 2030. The notes are redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, subject to any required regulatory approvals after five years. Additionally, on April 8, 2022, LINKBANCORP issued subordinated debt with a carrying value of 20.0 million. These notes bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.50 per year up to April 15, 2027 and then float to an index tied to the three-month SOFR, plus 203 basis points. Subject to limited exceptions, the Company cannot redeem the notes before the fifth anniversary of the issuance date. The balance of subordinated debt was 40.5 million and 20.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total shareholders equity increased by 28.9 million, or 26.4 , from 109.6 million at December 31, 2021, to 138.6 million at December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to net proceeds from the IPO of 34.7 million and net income of 5.6 million. This addition to equity was partially offset by dividends paid of 3.3 million and other comprehensive loss of 8.2 million which was due to the increase in market interest rates. 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 General: Net income was 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 0.49 per diluted share, an increase of 5.3 million compared to net income of 289 thousand, or 0.04 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected the results of the combined company following the completion of the Gratz Merger on September 18, 2021 whereas net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflected the results of GNBF for the period from January 1, 2021 through September 17, 2021 and the results of the combined company following the completion of the Gratz Merger on September 18, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 40 

The increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year was the result of an increase in interest and dividend income of 21.8 million, and an increase in noninterest income of 818 thousand. These were partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 4.9 million, an increase in the provision for loan losses of 642 thousand, and an increase in noninterest expense of 10.3 million. 
 Analysis of Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income represents the difference between the interest the Company earns on its interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and the expense the Company pays on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Net interest income depends on both the volume of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates the Company earns or pays on them. 
 Average Balances, Interest and Average Yields: The following table sets forth certain information relating to average balance sheets and reflects the average annualized yield on interest-earning assets and average annualized cost of interest-bearing liabilities, interest earned and interest paid for the years indicated. Such yields and costs are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities, respectively, for the years presented. Average balances are derived from daily balances over the years indicated. The average balances for loans are net of allowance for loan losses, but include non-accrual loans. The loan yields include net amortization of certain deferred fees and costs that are considered adjustments to yields, but were not material adjustments to the yields. Yields on earning assets are shown on a fully taxable-equivalent basis assuming a tax rate of 21 . 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Avg Bal 

Interest (2) 

Yield/Rate 

Avg Bal 

Interest (2) 

Yield/Rate 

Int. Earn. Cash 

56,783 

533 

0.94 

35,279 

381 

1.08 

Securities 

Taxable (1) 

78,629 

2,175 

2.77 

73,960 

939 

1.27 

Tax-Exempt 

40,388 

1,468 

3.63 

44,719 

1,585 

3.54 

Total Securities 

119,017 

3,643 

3.06 

118,679 

2,524 

2.13 

Total Cash Equiv. and Investments 

175,800 

4,176 

2.38 

153,958 

2,905 

1.89 

Total Loans (3) 

795,908 

36,396 

4.57 

369,849 

15,924 

4.31 

Total Interest-Earning Assets 

971,708 

40,572 

4.18 

523,807 

18,829 

3.59 

Other Assets 

88,485 

46,615 

Total Assets 

1,060,193 

570,422 

Interest bearing demand 

271,681 

1,713 

0.63 

175,133 

1,034 

0.59 

Money market demand 

229,979 

1,911 

0.83 

112,511 

198 

0.18 

Time deposits 

205,636 

1,713 

0.83 

110,928 

859 

0.77 

Total Borrowings 

55,980 

1,942 

3.47 

14,881 

299 

2.01 

Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 

763,276 

7,279 

0.95 

413,453 

2,390 

0.58 

Non Int Bearing Deposits 

173,938 

99,747 

Total Cost of Funds 

937,214 

7,279 

0.78 

513,200 

2,390 

0.47 

Other Liabilities 

15,806 

5,965 

Total Liabilities 

953,020 

519,165 

Shareholders' Equity 

107,173 

51,257 

Total Liabilities Shareholders' Equity 

1,060,193 

570,422 

Net Interest Income/Spread (FTE) 

33,293 

3.22 

16,439 

3.01 

Tax-Equivalent Basis Adjustment 

(308) 

(333) 

Net Interest Income 

32,985 

16,106 

Net Interest Margin 

3.39 

3.07 

(1) Taxable income on securities includes income from available for sale securities and income from certificates of deposits with other banks. 

(2) Income stated on a tax equivalent basis which is non-GAAP and is reconciled to GAAP at the bottom of the table. 

(3) Includes the balances of nonaccrual loans. 

41 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 The following table reflects the sensitivity of the Company s interest income and interest expense to changes in volume and in yields on interest-earning assets and costs of interest-bearing liabilities during the years indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due To: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Rate 

Volume 

Net 

Interest Income: 

Int. Earn. Cash 

(79) 

231 

152 

Securities 

Taxable 

1,179 

57 

1,236 

Tax-Exempt 

36 

(153) 

(117) 

Total Securities 

1,215 

(96) 

1,119 

Total Loans 

2,069 

18,403 

20,472 

Total Interest-Earning Assets 

3,205 

18,538 

21,743 

Interest Expense: 

Interest bearing demand 

109 

570 

679 

Money market demand 

1,502 

211 

1,713 

Time deposits 

123 

731 

854 

Total Borrowings 

817 

826 

1,643 

Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 

2,551 

2,338 

4,889 

Change in Net Interest Income 

654 

16,200 

16,854 

Net Interest Income: Net interest income before provision for loan losses increased by 16.9 million, or 104.8 , to 33.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase can be mostly attributed to an increase in interest income resulting from a higher average balance in loans as a result of the completion of the Gratz Merger, as well as a 59 basis points increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets. This increase was partially offset by an increase in interest expense resulting from increased average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities as a result of the rising interest rate environment and an increase in the average balance of deposits as a result of the completion of the Gratz Merger. The net interest margin increased 32 basis points to 3.39 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.07 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Given the overall interest rate and economic environment, the Company expects to experience net interest margin compression during the upcoming year. 
 Interest Income: Interest income increased to 40.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 18.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in interest income on loans as a result of the growth in average loans, following the completion of the Gratz Merger. The growth in the average balance of interest earning assets which increased 447.9 million to 971.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 523.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 contributed 18.6 million in growth of interest income. The average balance of loans increased 426.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year primarily as a result of the loan growth that the Company achieved since the closing of the Gratz Merger. This growth included an increase in average yield on interest earning assets which increased 59 basis points from 3.59 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4.18 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In general, the Company began to experience an increase in rates on interest earning assets as a result of the Federal Reserve's decisions in 2022 that increased the Fed Funds target rate from 0 to 0.25 at the beginning of 2022 to 4.25 to 4.50 at December 31, 2022. These rate increases coupled with new loan originations in 2022 resulted in the higher average yield on loans compared to 2021. 
 Interest Expense: Interest expense increased by 4.9 million or 204.6 to 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense was due to the increase in the average rates paid on interest bearing liabilities, which increased 37 basis points from 0.58 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.95 for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of the increase in rates of our money market demand deposits and borrowings. This increase in rates was also impacted by an increase in the average balances of interest bearing liabilities, which increased 349.8 million to 763.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 413.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the increase in the average balance of our deposits and borrowings. The increase in the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities during 2022 was directly correlated to the increase in the Federal Reserve's benchmark borrowing rate which increased a total of 425 basis points during 2022. Management expects that the current economic environment will continue to increase competition for deposits, which may create additional upward pressure on the Company's cost of funds in the coming quarters. 
 Provision for Loan Losses: The provision for loan losses increased by 642 thousand from 648 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The amount of the provision for loans losses recognized 
 42 

during 2022 can be attributed to a few factors. The Company experienced an overall increase in criticized loans, defined as loans rated as Special Mention and Substandard, which increased 1.2 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Additionally, management noted that the balance of loans greater than 60 days past due increased 839 thousand at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. Finally, total loans increased 212.6 million at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021, which adds an inherent increased risk of loss based on our allowance methodology. All of these factors contributed to the need to increase the allowance for loan losses through provisioning at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. One item that did not materially contribute to an increase in the provision for loan losses was the 1.3 million increase in non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. These loans were individually assessed for impairment and those impairment tests showed the need for a specific reserve of only 20 thousand. 
 The Company completes a comprehensive quarterly evaluation to determine its provision for loan losses. The evaluation reflects analyses of individual borrowers and historical loss experience, and changes in net loan balances, supplemented as necessary by credit judgment that considers observable trends, conditions, and other relevant environmental and economic factors. 
 Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the provision for loan losses. 
 Non-interest Income: Non-interest income increased by 818 thousand to 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from the 2.1 million recognized during 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in gain on sale of loans of 437 thousand, and an increase in earnings on bank owned life insurance of 244 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Non-interest Expenses: Non-interest expenses increased 10.3 million or 59.1 , from 17.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to the full-year impact of the Gratz Merger, resulting in increases in (1) salaries and employee benefits of 9.2 million due to increased employee headcount from the combined company and also due to an increase in employees to facilitate loan growth and foster deposit relationships, (2) equipment and data processing of 1.6 million, and (3) FDIC insurance of 409 thousand, and (4) other expenses of 593 thousand. These increases were offset by a decrease of 3.6 million in merger system conversion related expenses, from 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 973 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Income Tax Benefit/Expense: Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 1.2 million compared to income tax benefit of 189 thousand for 2021 as a result of an increase in income before income tax expense. The income tax expense recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 was the direct result of our net income adjusted for tax free income and non-deductible expenses. We recognized income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 at an effective tax rate of 17.9 which is less than our statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 
 Liquidity, Commitments, and Capital Resources 
 The Company s liquidity, represented by cash and due from banks, is a product of our operating, investing and financing activities. The Company s primary sources of funds are deposits, principal repayments of securities and outstanding loans, and funds provided from operations. In addition, the Company invests excess funds in short-term interest-earnings assets such as overnight deposits or U.S. agency securities, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and securities and short-term investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, general interest rates, economic conditions and competition greatly influence deposit flows and repayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities. 
 The Company strives to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund operations, loan demand and to satisfy fluctuations in deposit levels. The Company is required to have enough investments that qualify as liquid assets in order to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure safe and sound banking operations. Liquidity may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of funds and comparative yields on investments in relation to the return on loans. Our attempts to maintain adequate but not excessive liquidity, and liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of the Company s business management. We manages our liquidity in accordance with a board of directors-approved asset liability policy, which is administered by the Company s asset-liability committee ALCO ). ALCO reports interest rate sensitivity, liquidity, capital and investment-related matters on a quarterly basis to the Company s board of directors. 
 The Company reviews cash flow projections regularly and updates them in order to maintain liquid assets at levels believed to meet the requirements of normal operations, including loan commitments and potential deposit outflows from maturing certificates of deposit and savings withdrawals. Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2022 totaled 206.2 million, or 76 of our certificates of deposit, and 22 of total deposits. Of these certificates of deposits, 70 million are brokered deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other deposits and FHLB advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or borrowings than we currently pay. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us. We have the ability to 
 43 

attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. While deposits are the Company s primary source of funds, when needed the Company is also able to generate cash through borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh FHLB ). At December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining available capacity with FHLB, subject to certain collateral restrictions, of approximately 301.4 million. There were 20.9 million in short-term FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to our available borrowing capacity at the FHLB, the Company has bank-level lines of credit with multiple financial institutions that provide an available 51.0 million of additional liquidity at December 31, 2022. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company also established 8.3 million of available credit at the Federal Reserve Bank's Discount Window. 
 Consistent with the Company s goals to operate as a sound and profitable financial institution, the Company actively seeks to maintain the Bank's status as a well-capitalized institution in accordance with regulatory standards. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank met the capital requirements to be considered well capitalized. See Note 17 within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our capital resources. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
 See Note 18 within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements beginning for more information regarding the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 For disclosures of the Company s future obligations under operating leases, please see Note 8 within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For disclosures of the Company s contractual obligations related to certificates of deposits, please see Note 10 within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 It is management s opinion that accounting estimates covering certain aspects of the Company s business have more significance than others due to the relative importance of those areas to overall performance, or the level of subjectivity required in making such estimate, which have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. The judgments and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The more significant areas in which the Company's management applies critical assumptions and estimates include the following: 
 Allowance for loan losses: The loan portfolio is the biggest asset on the Company's balance sheet. The allowance for loan losses represents management's estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. A provision for loan losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance for loan losses as deemed necessary by management. The allowance for loan losses consists of general, allocated, and unallocated components. In estimating losses inherent in the loan portfolio for the general component, assumptions and judgment are applied related to estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on the Company's historical loss experience, peer loss experience, consideration of current economic trends and conditions, industry trends, portfolio trends, borrower specific data, and other qualitative and quantitative factors, all of which may be subject to significant change. The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. Generally, our impaired loans are collateral-dependent and impairment is measured through the collateral method. When the measurement of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the impairment is recorded through the allowance for loan losses. 
 Loans acquired at a discount, that is, in part, attributable to credit quality, are initially recorded at fair value with no carry-over of an acquired entity s previously established allowance for loan losses. Cash flows expected at acquisition, in excess of estimated fair value, are recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. Subsequent decreases in the expected principal cash flows require the Company to evaluate the need for additions to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent improvements in expected cash flows result, first, in the recovery of any applicable allowance for loan losses and, then, in the recognition of additional interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. Changes in the circumstances considered when determining management s estimates and assumptions could result in changes to those estimates and assumptions and also in adjustment of the allowance for loan losses, or, in the case of loans acquired at a discount, increases in interest income in future periods. 
 Business Combinations: The Company accounts for acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded at their estimated fair value on their purchase date. As provided for under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management has up to 12 months following the date of the acquisition to finalize the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Management finalized the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities within this 12-month period and management considers such values to be the Day 1 Fair Values for the acquisition transactions. In particular, the valuation of acquired loans involves significant estimates, assumptions and judgment based on information available as of the acquisition date. Loans acquired in a business combination transaction are evaluated either individually or in pools of loans with similar characteristics; including consideration of a credit component. A number of factors are considered in determining the estimated fair value of purchased loans including, among other things, the remaining life of the acquired 
 44 

loans, estimated prepayments, estimated loss ratios, estimated value of the underlying collateral, estimated holding periods, contractual interest rates compared to market interest rates, and net present value of cash flows expected to be received. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 45 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 47 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 52 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 53 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 54 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 

46 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of LINKBANCORP, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LINKBANCORP, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended; and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter, in any way, our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses (ALL) - Qualitative Factors 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 927.9 million as of December 31, 2022, and the associated ALL was 4.7 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, determining the amount of the ALL requires significant judgment about the collectability of loans, which includes an assessment of quantitative factors such as historical loss experience within each risk category of loans and testing of certain commercial loans for impairment. Management applies additional qualitative adjustments to reflect the inherent losses that exist in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date that are not reflected in the historical loss experience. Qualitative adjustments are made based upon changes in lending policies and practices, economic conditions, changes in the loan portfolio mix, trends in loan delinquencies and classified loans, collateral values, and concentrations of credit risk for the commercial loan portfolios. 
 
 We identified these qualitative adjustments within the ALL as critical audit matters because they involve a high degree of subjectivity. In turn, auditing management s judgments regarding the qualitative factors applied in the ALL calculation involved a high degree of subjectivity. 
 
 47 

Allowance for Loan Losses (ALL) Qualitative Factors (Continued) 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We gained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALL, including the qualitative adjustments made to the ALL. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s ALL process, which included, among others, management s review and approval controls designed to assess the need and level of qualitative adjustments to the ALL, as well as the reliability of the data utilized to support management s assessment. 
 
 To test the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the appropriateness of management s methodology and assessed whether all relevant risks were reflected in the ALL and the need to consider qualitative adjustments, including the potential effect of COVID-19 on the adjustments. 
 
 Regarding the measurement of the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the data and inputs utilized in management s estimate. For example, we compared the inputs and data to the Company s historical loan performance data, third-party macroeconomic data, and peer bank data and considered the existence of new or contrary information. We also compared the ALL to a range of historical losses to evaluate the ALL, including the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes in the components of the qualitative reserves relative to changes in external market factors, the Company s loan portfolio, and asset quality trends, which included the evaluation of management s ability to capture and assess relevant data from both external sources and internal reports on loan customers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the supporting documentation for substantiating revisions to qualitative factors. 
 
 We also utilized internal credit review specialists with knowledge to evaluate the appropriateness of management s risk-rating processes, to ensure that the risk ratings applied to the commercial loan portfolio were reasonable. 
 
 Accounting for Acquisitions 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 During 2021, the Company completed the reverse acquisition of GNB Financial Services, Inc. (GNBF) for net consideration of 71.5 million, as disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The transaction was accounted for by applying the acquisition method. 
 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for the reverse acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation required by management to determine the fair value of the loans acquired and intangible assets, which includes core deposit intangibles, of 9.1 million and 1.2 million, respectively. The Company determined the fair value of the acquired loans by estimating the principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at a market rate of interest. Management considered a number of factors in evaluating the acquisition-date fair value, including the remaining life of the acquired loans, delinquency status, estimated prepayments, payment options and other loan features, internal risk grade, estimated value of the underlying collateral, and interest rate environment. The Company determined the fair value of the core deposit intangibles by using a discounted cash flow model based on various factors, including discount rate, attrition rate, interest rate, cost of alternative funds, and net maintenance costs. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgment involved in determining the discount rate used to discount the expected cash flows for acquired loans and core deposit intangibles, along with other factors described above, to establish the acquisition-date fair value of the loans and core deposit intangibles. These factors are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 

48 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s accounting for the acquisition. Our tests included testing controls over the completeness and accuracy of the data and the estimation process supporting the fair value of loans acquired and core deposit intangibles. We also tested management s review of factors used in the valuation models. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the loans acquired and intangible assets, which include core deposit intangibles, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company s valuation methodology, evaluating the factors used by the Company s valuation specialist, and evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the factors and estimates. For example, when evaluating the discount rate and other factors noted above, we compared the factors to current industry, market, and economic information, in addition to factors used in historical acquisitions. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 /s/ 

March 30, 2023 
 49 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands, except share and per share data) 

ASSETS 

Noninterest-bearing cash equivalents 

Interest-bearing deposits with other institutions 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Certificates of deposit with other banks 

Securities available for sale, at fair value 

Securities held to maturity (Fair value of and , respectively) 

Loans held for sale 

Loans receivable 

Less: Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Net loans 

Investments in restricted bank stock 

Premises and equipment, net 

Right-of-Use Asset Premises 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

Deferred tax asset 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits: 

Demand, noninterest bearing 

Interest bearing 

Total deposits 

Other borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Notes 1, 8, and 18) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock (At December 31, 2022 and 2021: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding.) 

Common stock (At December 31, 2022 and 2021: par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively.) 

Surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Sta tements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In Thousands, except share and per share data) 

INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME 

Loans receivable, including fees 

Investment securities and certificates of deposit: 

Taxable 

Exempt from federal income tax 

Other 

Total interest and dividend income 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Deposits 

Other borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

Total interest expense 

NET INTEREST INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 

Provision for loan losses 

NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 

NONINTEREST INCOME 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Net realized gains on the sales of debt securities, available for sale 

Gain on sale of loans 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy 

Equipment and data processing 

Professional fees 

FDIC insurance 

Bank shares tax 

Merger system conversion related expenses 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income tax expense (benefit) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

NET INCOME 

EARNINGS PER SHARE, BASIC 

EARNINGS PER SHARE, DILUTED 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING, 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Sta tements of Comprehensive Loss 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In Thousands) 

Net income 

Components of other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

Net of tax amount 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for debt securities gains realized in net income 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

Net of tax amount 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidat ed Statements of Shareholders Equity 

(In Thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common Stock Shares 

Common Stock Amount 

Surplus 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares of common stock, net proceeds 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock option expense 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

(In Thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common Stock Shares 

Common Stock Amount 

Surplus 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Treasury Stock 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Impact of merger with GNB Financial Services, Inc. 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock option expense 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated State ment of Cash Flows 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

(In Thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

(Accretion) amortization of premiums and (discounts), net 

() 

Origination of loans to be sold 

() 

() 

Proceeds from loan sales 

Gain on sale of loans 

() 

() 

Share-based and deferred compensation 

Capitalized mortgage servicing rights 

() 

() 

Bank-owned life insurance income 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of debt securities, available for sale 

() 

() 

Change in accrued interest receivable and other assets 

() 

() 

Change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment securities available for sale: 

Proceeds from sales 

Proceeds from calls and maturities 

Proceeds from principal repayments 

Purchases 

- 

() 

Investment securities held to maturity 

Proceeds from principal repayments 

Purchases 

() 

Purchase of certificates of deposit with other banks 

- 

() 

Proceeds from redemptions of certificates of deposit with other banks 

Purchase of restricted investment in bank stocks 

() 

() 

Redemption of restricted investment in bank stocks 

Increase in loans, net 

() 

() 

Purchase of bank-owned life insurance 

- 

() 

Proceeds from death benefit under bank-owned life insurance 

Proceeds from disposal of premises and equipment 

- 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchase of computer software 

() 

- 

Net cash acquired through merger and acquisition 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Increase in deposits, net 

Change in short-term borrowings, net 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt 

Repayments of other borrowings 

() 

Issuance of shares from exercise of stock options 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

MERGER AND ACQUISITION CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES 

Non-cash assets acquired: 

Securities available for sale 

Loans 

Investments in restricted bank stock 

Premises and equipment 

Right-of-Use Asset 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

Liabilities assumed: 

Deposits 

Other borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Net non-cash assets acquired 

Cash and cash equivalents acquired 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 
 
 LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (All dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 , under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The Company was formed with the intent of becoming a bank holding company through acquisition of a bank. On September 17, 2018, the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the PADOBS approved the acquisition of percent of the shares of Stonebridge Bank, subject to recapitalization of the bank and continued compliance with capital ratios outlined in Note 17. On October 5, 2018, LINKBANCORP, Inc. purchased percent of the outstanding shares of Stonebridge Bank, from its former parent company Stonebridge Financial Corp. under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. LINKBANCORP subsequently renamed the bank LINKBANK. On December 10, 2020, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, LINKBANK, and GNB Financial Services, Inc. GNBF ), and its wholly owned subsidiary, The Gratz Bank (the Bank entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Gratz Merger Agreement pursuant to which GNBF merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation. LINKBANK merged with and into The Gratz Bank, with The Gratz Bank as the surviving institution. The merger was consummated effective September 18, 2021. In markets other than the pre-merger Gratz Bank areas, the Bank operated as LINKBANK, a division of The Gratz Bank. Effective November 4, 2022, the Bank began to operate under one brand under the name LINKBANK. The Bank is a full-service commercial bank providing personal and business lending and deposit services. The Bank s operations are conducted from its ten Solutions Centers located in Dauphin, Chester, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland, and Schuylkill Counties, and loan production offices located in Chester and York Counties, all within Pennsylvania. The Company s corporate office resides in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. As a state chartered, non-Federal Reserve member bank, the Bank is subject to regulation and supervision by the PADOBS and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). The Company is regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. The Bank s deposits are insured up to the applicable limits by the FDIC. 
 shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. The Company received net proceeds of after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of and other offering expenses of . The Company plans to use the proceeds to support the Bank's current growth, its future growth initiatives, and for general corporate purposes. The Company's common stock now trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LNKB. 

. The principal factors considered when valuing the CDI consist of the following: (1) the rate and maturity structure of the interest-bearing liabilities, (2) estimated retention rates for each deposit liability category, (3) the current interest rate environment, and (4) estimated noninterest income potential of the acquired relationship. The CDI is evaluated periodically for impairment. Goodwill and other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually as of December 31 and between annual tests when events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. If there is a goodwill impairment charge, it will be the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The same one-step impairment test is applied to goodwill at all reporting units. The determination of the fair value of the Company incorporates assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value of the Company in a change of control transaction, as prescribed by ASC Topic 820. 

income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the yield (interest income) of the related loans. The Bank is generally amortizing these amounts over the contractual life of the loan. Premiums and discounts on purchased loans are amortized as adjustments to interest income using the effective yield method. The loans receivable portfolio is segmented into commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans consist of the following classes: agriculture, commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and municipal. Consumer loans consist of the following classes: residential real estate, and other consumer. The loan segments are based on collateral type. The accrual of interest on all portfolio classes, including troubled debt restructurings, is discontinued at the time the loan is more than ninety days delinquent unless the loan is well collateralized and in process of collection. Nonaccrual loans are reviewed for charge-off if more than ninety-days past due, except for residential loans and consumer loans. Residential loans are reviewed at days and consumer loans are reviewed at days past due. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered unlikely. 
 
 shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial, commercial real estate, and residential mortgage loan segments by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) and classified as impaired. 

of ACBB stock at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company holds and of FHLB stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The FHLB stock is bought from and sold to the FHLB based upon its par value. The stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and as such is classified as restricted stock, carried at cost, and evaluated for impairment as necessary. The stock s value is determined by the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: (a) the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time this situation has persisted; (b) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance; (c) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the customer base of the FHLB; and (d) the liquidity position of the FHLB. Management evaluated the stock and concluded that the stock was not impaired for the periods presented herein. 
 
 ; leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their respective lease term or estimated life of the improvement. other real estate owned. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has initiated formal foreclosure proceedings on no consumer residential mortgages, which have not yet been transferred into foreclosed assets. 

percent; the terms examined and upon examination also include resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. The Bank recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 per share. For organizers, the warrants serve as a reward for bearing the financial risk of the Company s organization by advancing seed money for its organizational and pre-opening expenses. The organizers warrants are non-voting and are exercisable for a period of from the date of grant. All grants were issued during 2019. These warrants are transferable in accordance with the warrant agreement, but are not puttable to the Company. These shares may be issued from previously authorized but unissued shares of stock. The Board has made no additional authorization to issue any further warrants as of December 31, 2022 and has no current plans for future issuance of warrants. To date, organizers have not exercised any warrants since their issuance. Based on the contractual terms, the warrants do not fall within the scope of ASC 480-10, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and they meet the requirements within ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , to be classified within shareholders equity. The fair value of these shares upon issuance using the Black-Scholes model was zero, based on the fair value for the stock on the date of grant. 
 Comprehensive Income 

and , respectively, and were included within Other Expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 and . Existing PCI assets were grandfathered and classified as purchased credit deteriorated PCD assets at the date of adoption. The assets were grossed up for the allowance for expected losses for all PCD assets at the date of adoption and will continue to recognize the noncredit discount in interest income based on the yield of such assets as of the adoption date. Separate from the estimated increase in the allowance for credit losses disclosed above, t he required liability for unfunded commitments at January 1, 2023 is estimated to fall within the range of to as commitments that are not unconditionally cancelable require an allowance for credit losses utilizing the same loss factors as loans. This allowance was recorded within other liabilities. The resulting impact of these allowances will be a decrease to retained earnings on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, equal to the qual to the after-tax impact of the increase in allowance balances, with the tax impact being recorded as a deferred tax asset on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did not identify any available-for-sale debt securities requiring allowances to be established upon adoption of the standard on January 1, 2023. The Company evaluated its corporate debentures and structured mortgage-backed securities within its held to maturity debt securities and determined that as of January 1, 2023, the risk of loss within both pools was remote. As such, the allowance for debt securities held to maturity established upon adoption of the standard on January 1, 2023 was immaterial. The Company is continuing to validate our CECL model, estimates and adoption methodologies and the estimated impacts described above are subject to change based on our continuing refinement of our model. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have adopted a rule that provides a banking organization the option to phase-in over a three-year period the effects of CECL on its regulatory capital upon the adoption of the CECL standard. The Company does expect to exercise the phase-in option. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which added to ASU 2020-04 on optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Entities can elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by what the guidance calls reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. An entity that makes this election would not have to remeasure the contracts at the modification date or reassess a previous accounting determination. Also, entities can elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met, and can make a onetime election to sell and/or reclassify held-to-maturity debt securities that reference an interest rate affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 deferred the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities upon issuance through December 31, 2024. The Company has identified our loan receivables that have an interest rate indexed to LIBOR and is currently assessing the appropriate transition path. As such, the Company does not have an estimate of the financial impact of this update but does not expect the impact to be material to the financial statements of the Company. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures, which eliminates accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings TDRs by creditors that have adopted ASU 2016-13 and its related amendments. The amendments require that an entity evaluate whether the loan modification represents a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan, and introduce new requirements related to modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The amendments also require public business entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs for financing receivables by year of origination in the vintage disclosures. For entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. For entities that have not adopted ASU 2016-13, the amendments in this update are effective at the time the entity adopts ASU 2016-13. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's operating results or financial condition. 

, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Partners Merger Agreement with Partners Bancorp Partners ), a Maryland corporation, and the holding company for Bank of Delmarva and Virginia Partners Bank, based in Seaford, Delaware and Fredericksburg, Virginia, respectively. At December 31, 2022, Partners had total assets of billion, total loans of billion, total deposits of billion, and shares outstanding. The Partners Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Partners will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation, and that Bank of Delmarva and Virginia Partners Bank will merge with and into LINKBANK, with LINKBANK as the surviving bank. The Partners Merger is expected to close in the third quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals and approval by the shareholders of each company. The acquisition will introduce the Company's operations into northern Virginia, eastern Maryland, Delaware, and southern New Jersey. Pursuant to the Partners Merger Agreement as of the effective date, each share of Partners common stock outstanding will be converted into the right to receive of shares of the Company, par value per share. Holders of Partners common stock will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares. GNB Financial Services, Inc. As described in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, effective the Company completed its merger with GNBF by acquiring of the outstanding common shares of GNBF. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, GNBF merged with and into LINKBANCORP with LINKBANCORP as the surviving corporation. Additionally, LINKBANK, the wholly owned subsidiary of LINKBANCORP merged with and into The Gratz Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of GNBF with The Gratz Bank as the surviving bank subsidiary of the Company. This transaction, in total, is herein referred to as the Merger. The Merger constituted a business combination and was accounted for as a reverse acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting, in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 805 Business Combinations. As such, GNBF was the accounting acquirer and LINKBANCORP was the accounting acquiree and the historical financial statements of the combined company are the historical financial statements of GNBF. Under the Gratz Merger Agreement, GNBF shareholders had the opportunity to elect to receive per share in cash or of LINKBANCORP common shares for each share they own. The agreement provided for proration procedures intended to ensure that, in the aggregate, at least of the GNBF common shares outstanding will be exchanged for LINKBANCORP common stock. The Gratz Merger was effective on , with the GNBF shareholders collectively electing to receive cash for of their shares and LINKBANCORP common shares for of existing GNBF shares. These elections resulted in LINKBANCORP issuing million common shares to GNBF shareholders which represented approximately of the post-merger outstanding common shares of the Company. In accordance with FASB ASC 805-40-30-2, the fair value consideration of a reverse acquisition is determined based on a number of hypothetical equity interest the legal acquiree would have had to issue to give the owners of the legal acquirer the same percentage equity interest in the combined entity that results from the reverse acquisition. The total fair value consideration was million which consisted of million for the fair value of common stock issued, million in cash consideration and million for the fair value of LINKBANCORP options and warrants. The consideration assigned to cash and common stock in this reverse acquisition was determined based on the hypothetical number of equity interests that GNBF would have had to issue to give LINK shareholders a ownership, the same percentage equity interest in the combined entity that results from the reverse acquisition. The allocation of the consideration assigned to cash and common stock was allocated between the actual cash to be paid by the legal acquirer with the resultant amount being assigned to common equity. 

GNBF shares outstanding exchanged for LINKBANCORP, Inc. common stock 

GNBF shares outstanding exchanged for cash 

Exchange Ratio 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. shares to be issued to GNBF shareholders 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. Shares currently outstanding 

Total LINKBANCORP, Inc. shares to be outstanding 

GNBF pro forma common share ownership 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. pro forma common share ownership 

Reverse Acquisition Hypothetical Purchase Price Consideration 

GNBF shares outstanding exchanged for LINKBANCORP, Inc. common stock 

Ownership to be owned by current GNBF shareholders 

Hypothetical GNBF shares outstanding based on GNBF ownership 

Ownership by legacy LINKBANCORP, Inc. shareholders 

Hypothetical GNBF shares to be issued as consideration 

Fair value of GNBF shares (LINKBANCORP, Inc. fair value per share of as of 9/17/2021 multiplied by the exchange rate) 

Purchase price assigned to hypothetical GNBF shares issued to LINKBANCORP, Inc. shareholders 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. options and warrants 

Fair value per options and warrants 

Purchase price assigned to LINKBANCORP, Inc. options and warrants 

Total purchase price consideration 

Pro Forma Purchase Price Allocation Between Stock Cash: 

Cash consideration 

Common Stock 

Total Purchase Price For Accounting Purposes 

The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Accordingly, for each transaction, the purchase price is allocated to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the acquisition. In conjunction with the adoption of ASU 2015-16, upon receipt of final fair value estimates during the measurement period, which must be within one year of the acquisition date, the Company records any adjustments to the preliminary fair value estimates in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined. The Company is continuing to finalize the fair values of loans, intangible assets, and income taxes. The Company finalized the fair values of loans, intangible assets, other assets, income taxes, and liabilities as of September 18, 2022. T 

Calculated Fair Value of Assets Acquired 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available for sale 

Loans 

Premises and equipment 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets 

Investment in bank owned life insurance 

Deferred taxes 

Other assets 

Total Assets Acquired 

Calculated Fair Value of Liabilities Assumed 

Deposits 

Long term borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

Goodwill From the Merger 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. shareholders equity 

LINKBANCORP, Inc. goodwill and intangibles 

() 

Fair Value Adjustments: 

Loans 

Interest rate 

() 

General credit 

() 

Credit adjustment for loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 

() 

Remove existing deferred loan fees, net at acquisition 

Remove the allowance for loan losses present at acquisition 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

() 

Time deposits 

() 

Subordinated debt 

() 

Goodwill From the Merger 

Pursuant to the accounting requirements, the Company assigned a fair value to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LINKBANCORP ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of LINKBANCORP were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management s best estimates using information available at the date of the acquisition and are subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition. While the fair values are not expected to be materially different from the estimates, any material adjustments to the estimates will be reflected, retroactively, as of the date of the acquisition. The items most susceptible to adjustment are the fair value adjustments on loans, core deposit intangible and the deferred income tax assets resulting from the acquisition. Goodwill represents consideration transferred in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill resulting from the acquisition represents the value expected from the expansion of the Company's market and enhancement of operations and efficiencies. Goodwill acquired in the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. Fair values of the major categories of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined as follows: Investment securities available-for-sale The estimated fair values of the investment securities available for sale, primarily comprised of U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities were determined using Level 1 and Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. A fair value premium of was recorded and will be amortized over the estimated life of the investments using the interest rate method. Loans Acquired loans (performing and non-performing) are initially recorded at their acquisition-date fair values using Level 3 inputs. Fair values are based on a discounted cash flow methodology that involves assumptions and judgments as to credit risk, expected lifetime losses, environmental factors, collateral values, discount rates, expected payments and expected prepayments. Specifically, the Company has prepared three separate loan fair value adjustments that it believed a market participant might employ in estimating the entire fair value adjustment for the acquired loan portfolio. The three fair value adjustments employed were for loans acquired without evidence of credit quality deterioration, the Company prepared the interest rate loan fair value and credit fair value adjustments and for ASC 310-30 purchased credit impaired loans a specific credit fair value adjustment was made. The acquired loans were recorded at fair value at the acquisition date without carryover of LINKBANCORP s previously established allowance for loan losses. The fair value of the financial assets acquired included loans receivable with an unpaid principal bal ance of m illion. 

Interest rate fair value adjustment on pools of homogeneous loans 

() 

Credit fair value adjustment on pools of homogeneous loans 

() 

Credit fair value adjustment on purchased credit impaired loans 

() 

Fair value of acquired loans 

For loans acquired without evidence of credit quality deterioration were grouped into homogeneous pools by characteristics such as loan type, term, collateral, and rate. Market rates for similar loans were obtained from various internal and external data sources. From each pool a monthly expected cash flow was prepared that incorporated expected monthly payments, impact of prepayments and expected monthly net charge-offs. A discounted cash flow was calculated for each pool to estimate the fair value. In this analysis the fair value adjustment was bifurcated into two components an interest rate fair value adjustment and a general credit fair value adjustment. Additionally, it is noted the credit fair value adjustment incorporated assumptions for: 1) expected lifetime credit migration losses; and 2) estimated fair value adjustment for certain qualitative factors. Both the interest rate and credit fair value adjustments relate to loans acquired with evidence of credit quality deterioration will be substantially recognized as interest income on a level yield amortization method over the expected life of the loans. For loans acquired with evidence of credit quality deterioration, ASC 310-30 loans, the fair value was calculated with a non-accretable fair value discount based on an adjusted collateral value and if there was a collateral shortfall a non-accretable discount was established. This non-accretable discount would not be amortized for GAAP purposes. In additional an accretable yield fair value discount was created to reflect the time value of money a market participant would discount the loan for the time it would take to recover the adjusted collateral value. The accretable yield fair value will be recognized over the workout period of the loan on a level yield basis as a component of interest income. 

Nonaccretable difference 

() 

Expected cash flows at Merger 

Accretable yield 

() 

Fair value of purchased credit impaired loans 

Facilities Leases The Company assumed leases on facilities of LINKBANCORP. The Company believed that the current lease costs were at market terms therefore no fair value adjustment is needed. LINKBANCORP did not operate any owned facilities. Core Deposit Intangible The fair value of the core deposit intangible was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using a discount rate commensurate with market participants. To calculate cash flows, deposit account servicing costs (net of deposit fee income) and interest expense on deposits were compared to the higher cost of alternative funding sources available through national brokered CD offering rates and FHLB advance rates. The projected cash flows were developed using expected deposit attrition. The core deposit intangible will be amortized over ten years using the sum-of-years digits method. Time Deposits The fair value adjustment for time deposits was based on a discounted cash flow methodology of the contract rates and contractual repayments of fixed maturity deposits using prevailing market interest rates for similar-term time deposits. The time deposit fair value adjustment will be amortized into income on a level yield amortization method over the contractual life of the deposits. Long Term Borrowings The Company reviewed the cost of the borrowings to market interest rates for similar instruments and believed that the rates were comparable and that fair value adjustment was recorded. Subordinated Debt The fair value of the subordinated debt was determined using a discounted cash flow method using a market participant discount rate for similar instruments. The subordinated debt fair value adjustment will be amortized into income on a level yield amortization method based upon the assumed market rate and the term of the subordinated debt. Pro Forma Combined Results of Operations (Unaudited) The following pro forma financial information as of December 31, 2021 presents the consolidated results of operations of GNBF and LINKBANCORP as if the Gratz Merger occurred as of January 1, 2020 with pro forma adjustments. The pro forma adjustments give effect to any change in interest income due to the accretion of discounts (premiums) associated with the fair value adjustments of acquired loans, any change in interest expense due to estimated premium amortization/discount accretion associated with the fair value adjustments to acquired time deposits and other debt, and the amortization of the core deposit intangible that would have resulted had the deposits been acquired as of January 1, 2020. Merger related expenses incurred by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 are not reflected in the pro forma amounts. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had GNBF merged with LINKBANCORP, Inc. at the beginning of 2020. 

Non-interest income 

Net income (loss) 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

() 

() 

Held to Maturity: 

Corporate debentures 

() 

Structured mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Available for Sale: 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Held to Maturity: 

Corporate debentures 

() 

() 

Structured mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Less Than Twelve Months 

Twelve Months or Greater 

Total 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Loss 

Available for Sale: 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

() 

() 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The Company reviews its position quarterly and believes that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the declines outlined in the above tables represent temporary declines, and the Company does not intend to sell, and does not believe it will be required to sell, these debt securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be at maturity. There were and available for sale debt securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. There were and held-to-maturity debt securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has concluded that the unrealized losses disclosed above are not other than temporary, but are the result of interest rate changes that are not expected to result in the noncollection of principal and interest during the year. Our corporate debenture portfolio as of December 31, 2022 contained of an investment in subordinated notes issued by Signature Bank. As a result of and subsequent to the failure of Signature Bank during the first quarter of 2023, the Company sold its investment in the Signature Bank subordinated notes and incurred a pre-tax gross loss of approximately before applying the CECL reserve allocated to this security. As of December 31, 2022 , a 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities and Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Gross gains 

Gross losses 

() 

Net gain 

The Company had pledged debt securities with a carrying value of and to secure public monies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Due after one year through five years 

Commercial loans 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer and other loans 

Municipal loans 

Deferred costs (fees) 

() 

Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Total 

The Company originates commercial, residential, and consumer loans within its primary market areas of southcentral and southeastern Pennsylvania. A significant portion of the loan portfolio is secured by real estate. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company serviced residential mortgage loans for the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh in the amount of and , respectively. 

71 

Certain qualitative factors are then added to the historical allocation percentage to get the adjusted factor to be applied to non-classified loans. The following qualitative factors are analyzed for each portfolio segment: Levels of and trends in delinquencies 

 Trends in volume and terms 

 Changes in collateral 

 Changes in management and lending staff 

 Economic trends 

 Concentrations of credit 

 Changes in lending policies 

 External factors 

 Changes in underwriting process 

 Trends in credit quality ratings 

 These qualitative factors are reviewed each quarter and adjusted based upon relevant changes within the portfolio. The total allowance reflects management s estimate of loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the Consolidated Balance Sheet date. The Company considers the allowance for loan losses adequate to cover loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Beginning balance 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The increase in the allowance for loan losses allocated to the commercial loans and commercial real estate loans can be attributed to loan growth in both loan portfolios, and for commercial real estate loans, the increase in the carrying value of loans that have been risk rated as Special Mention and Substandard as of December 31, 2022. Please see the Credit Quality Information section below for further details. 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Agriculture Loans 

Commercial and PPP Loans 

Commercial Real Estate Loans 

Residential Real Estate Loan 

Consumer Loans 

Municipal Loans 

Unallocated Loans 

Total 

(In Thousands) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

Ending balance: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

The Company evaluated whether loans acquired in the Merger were within the scope of ASC 310-30, Receivables - Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality. Purchased credit-impaired loans PCI are loans that have evidence of credit deterioration since origination and it is probable at the date of acquisition that the Company will not collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. The fair value of purchased credit-impaired loans, on the acquisition date, was determined, primarily based on the fair value of loan collateral. The carrying value of purchased loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality as a result of the Merger was a t December 31, 2022. On the acquisition date, the preliminary estimate of the unpaid principal balance for all PCI loans acquired through the Merger was and the estimated fair value of the loans was . Total contractually required payments on these loans, including interest, at acquisition was . The Company's estimate of expected cash flows was at the acquisition date. The Company established a credit risk related non-accretable discount of relating to these PCI loans, reflected in the recorded net fair value. The Company further estimated the timing and amount of expected cash flows in excess of the estimated fair value and established an accretable discount of relating to these PCI loans. The remaining unamortized accretable discount at December 31, 2022 totaled . 

Additions 

Accretion of income 

() 

() 

Reclassifications from nonaccretable difference due to improvement in expected cash flows 

Other changes, net 

() 

Accretable yield, end of period 

Credit Quality Information The following tables represent credit exposures by internally assigned grades as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The grading analysis estimates the capability of the borrower to repay the contractual obligations of the loan agreements as scheduled or at all. The Company s internally assigned grades are as follows: Pass loans that are protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the underlying collateral. There are four sub-grades within the Pass category to further distinguish the loan. Special Mention loans where a potential weakness or risk exists, which could cause a more serious problem if not corrected. Substandard loans that have a well-defined weakness based on objective evidence and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful loans classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in a Substandard asset. In addition, these weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, based on existing circumstances. Loss loans classified as a Loss are considered uncollectible and are immediately charged against allowances. 

Commercial and PPP loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

(In Thousands) 

Special 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Pass 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial and PPP 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

Commercial and PPP loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 30-59 Days Past Due 

60-89 Days Past Due 

90 Days or Greater Past Due 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Purchased Credit Impaired Loans 

Total Loans 

Total > 90 Days and Accruing 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial and PPP loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

Impaired Loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

With an allowance recorded: 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

As of December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Related Allowance 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

With an allowance recorded: 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

With an allowance recorded: 

Agriculture loans 

Commercial loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Municipal loans 

Total 

Commercial real estate loans 

Residential real estate loans 

Consumer loans 

Total 

The above nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 exclude PCI loans with balances of and , respectively. Management does not consider these loans to be non-performing as they are accounted for under the accretable yield method and are performing in line with expectations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 Approximate ly or o f the Bank s loan portfolio was in commercial real estate loans at December 31, 2022 . While the Bank does not have a concentration of credit risk with any single borrower or industry, repayments on loans in these portfolios can be negatively influenced by decreases in real estate values. The Bank mitigates this risk through conservative underwriting policies and procedures. In addition, of real estate-commercial loans were owner occupied properties as of December 31, 2022. These types of loans are generally considered to involve less risk than nonowner-occupied mortgages. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the carrying amount of borrowings secured by loans pledged to the FHLB under its blanket lien was and , respectively. Loan Modifications and Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) A loan is considered to be a TDR loan when the Company grants a concession to the borrower because of the borrower s financial condition that it would not otherwise consider. Such concessions include the reduction of interest rates, forgiveness of principal or interest, or other modifications of interest rates that are less than the current market rate for new obligations with similar risk. The Bank may grant a concession or modification for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial condition that it would not otherwise consider resulting in a modified loan which is then identified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). The Bank may modify loans through rate reductions, extensions of maturity, interest only payments, or payment modifications to better match the timing of cash flows due under the modified terms with the cash flows from the borrowers operations. Loan modifications are intended to minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. TDRs are considered impaired loans for purposes of calculating the Bank s allowance for loan losses. The Bank identifies loans for potential restructure primarily through direct communication with the borrower and evaluation of the borrower s financial statements, revenue projections, tax returns, and credit reports. Even if the borrower is not presently in default, management will consider the likelihood that cash flow shortages, adverse economic conditions, and negative trends may result in a payment default in the near future. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no loans identified as TDRs. There were also no new loan modifications during the periods that were considered TDRs. COVID-19 Loan Forbearance Programs Section 4013 of the CARES Act provides that banks may elect not to categorize a loan modification as a TDR if the loan modification is (1) related to COVID-19; (2) executed on a loan that was not more than past due as of December 31, 2019; and (3) executed between March 1, 2020, and the earlier of (A) after the date on which the national emergency concerning the novel coronavirus disease (COVID 19) outbreak declared by the President on March 13, 2020, under the National Emergencies Act terminates, or (B) January 1, 2022. On April 7, 2020, federal banking regulators issued a revised interagency statement that included guidance on their approach for the accounting of loan modifications in light of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The guidance interprets current accounting standards and indicates that a lender can conclude that a borrower is not experiencing financial difficulty if short-term modifications are made in response to COVID-19, such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or other delays in payment that are insignificant related to the loans in which the borrower is less than 30 days past due on its contractual payments at the time a modification program is implemented. According to the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised) issued by the federal bank regulatory agencies on April 7, 2020, short-term loan modifications not otherwise eligible under Section 4013 that are made on a good faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers who were current prior to any relief are not TDRs. This includes short-term (e.g., six months) modifications such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or other delays in payment that are insignificant. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had loans that remain on a CARES Act modification. In addition, the risk-rating on COVID-19 modified loans did not change, and these loans will not be considered past due until after the deferral period is over and scheduled payments resume. The credit quality of these loans will be reevaluated after the deferral period ends. 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Accumulated Depreciation 

() 

() 

Total 

Depreciation expense was and for 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

79 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Total lease expense recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company leases its administration and operating facili ty and six offices under lease agreements with various expirations through . Certain of the Company s leases contain options to renew the lease after the initial term. Management considers the Company s historical pattern of exercising renewal options on leases and the positive performance of the leased locations, when determining whether it is reasonably certain that the leases will be renewed. If management concludes that there is reasonable certainty about the renewal option, it is included in the calculation of the remaining term of each applicable lease. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total Undiscounted Cash Flows 

Discount on Cash Flows 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Acquired Goodwill 

Impairment 

End of year 

Impairment exists when a reporting unit's carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. At December 31, 2022, the Company's reporting unit had positive equity and the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, resulting in no impairment of goodwill. Acquired Intangible Assets 

Trade name intangibles 

Total 

Aggregate amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Demand, interest-bearing 

Money market and savings 

Time deposits, and over 

Time deposits, other 

More than one year to two years 

More than two years to three years 

More than three years to four years 

More than four years to five years 

More than five years 

Total 

Within time deposits other, there were and in brokered deposits outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

81 

Federal Reserve PPPLF 

Short-term borrowings 

Total 

Subordinated Notes Sale - 2022 On April 8, 2022, LINKBANCORP entered into Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements (the Agreements with certain institutional accredited investors (the Purchasers and, pursuant to the Agreements, issued to the Purchasers in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2032 (the Notes ). The investors included a related party entity that is controlled by a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, which purchased in principal amount of the note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contributed of the subordinated note proceeds to the Bank as equity capital, the impact of which can be seen within Note 17 Regulatory Capital Requirements later in this document. , bear interest at a fixed annual rate of for the period up to but excluding April 15, 2027 (the Fixed Interest Rate Period ). From April 15, 2027 until maturity or redemption (the Floating Interest Rate Period ), the interest rate will adjust to a floating rate equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the then-current three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus basis points. The Company will pay interest in arrears semi-annually during the Fixed Interest Rate Period and quarterly during the Floating Interest Rate Period. The Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Company and rank junior in right of payment to any senior indebtedness and obligations to general and secured creditors. Subject to limited exceptions, the Company cannot redeem the Notes before the fifth anniversary of the issuance date. The Notes are intended to qualify at the holding company level as Tier 2 capital under the capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board. The Agreements and Notes contain customary subordination provisions, representations and warranties, covenants, and events of default. Subordinated Notes - Merger As part of the Merger, the Company assumed million of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes. and will initially bear interest at a fixed rate of until October 1, 2025. From October 1, 2025 to the stated maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset semi-annually to an annual floating rate equal to the then-current three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a spread of basis points, but no less than . The Company may redeem the the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, on or after October 1, 2025, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Merger Subordinated Notes are also redeemable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of specific events defined within the indenture. The Merger Subordinated Notes may be included in Tier I capital (subject to certain limitations) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. Short-Term Debt - FHLB Advances At December 31, 2022 , the Company had million in short-term FHLB Advances outstanding. These advances are scheduled to mature in 2023. There were short-term borrowings at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had remaining available capacity with FHLB, subject to certain collateral restrictions, of approximately million. Available Lines of Credit The Bank has available unsecured lines of credit, with interest based on the daily Federal Funds rate, with four correspondent banks totaling at December 31, 2022 . There were borrowings under these lines of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

 82 

percent non-elective contribution to all eligible participants as of the end of the plan year, based on W-2 wages for that period. The Company also made a discretionary contribution of percent of W-2 wages for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Effective January 1, 2021 until September 30, 2021, the Company made a non-elective contribution of percent of W-2 wages to all participants. percent of the first percent of the employee's contribution, and this match is immediately vested. Matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan recognized in Compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. Deferred Compensation Plans The Company has a deferred compensation plan for the benefit of members of the Board of Directors and certain officers. The plan provides all directors and certain officers with the ability to defer receipt of some or all of their director fees or salary and bonuses. The deferrals, along with accumulated earnings, are payable at retirement. The Bank has purchased life insurance policies that are actuarially designed to offset the annual expenses associated with the deferred compensation and the supplemental executive retirement plan SERP ). The Bank is the sole owner and beneficiary of all policies. The Bank accrues the estimated annual costs of the deferred amounts that will be payable at retirement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the accumulated liability was approximately and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, t he Company recognized deferred compensation cost in noninterest expense of and . Benefit payments amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan The Company maintains a SERP for certain executives. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulat ed liability was and , respectively, and is included in other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , was and , respectively. 

() 

Deferred tax expense 

Total 

() 

Deferred compensation 

Net fair value adjustment on acquired net assets 

Net unrealized loss on debt securities 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gain on debt securities 

() 

Mortgage servicing rights 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company also has a net operating loss carryforward at December 31, 2022 of which will begin to expire in . The remaining of net operating loss carryforward does not expire. The Company had valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets in view of the Company's ability to realize the net deferred tax assets against future anticipated taxable income. 

Tax-exempt income on debt securities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Non-deductible merger expenses 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Actual tax expense and effective rate 

() 

() 

The Company recognized adjustment for uncertain tax positions or unrecognized income tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operation. The Company did t recognize any interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. 

84 

Certificates of deposit with other banks (Level 3) 

Securities held to maturity (Level 2) 

Loans (Level 3) 

Accrued interest receivable (Level 1) 

Restricted investments in bank stock (Level 1) 

Cash surrender value of life insurance (Level 1) 

Financial liabilities: 

Non-maturity deposits (Level 1) 

Time Deposits (Level 3) 

Other borrowings (Level 3) 

Subordinated Notes (Level 3) 

Accrued interest payable (Level 1) 

The following tables present the assets reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at their fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by level within the fair value hierarchy. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s available-for-sale investment securities are reported at fair value. These securities are valued by an independent third party. The valuations are based on market data. They utilize evaluated pricing models that vary by asset and incorporate available trade, bid and other market information. For securities that do not trade on a daily basis, their evaluated pricing applications apply available information such as benchmarking and matrix pricing. The market inputs normally sought in the evaluation of securities include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes (only obtained from market makers or broker/dealers recognized as market participants), issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bid, offers and reference data. For certain securities additional inputs may be used or some market inputs may not be applicable. Inputs are prioritized differently on any given day based on market conditions. 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Mortgage backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Total 

Assets: 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Mortgage backed securities in government-sponsored entities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Total 

Impaired loans 

Loans Held for Sale 

Appraisal of collateral 

(1) 
 
 Liquidation expenses 

December 31, 2021 

Quantitative Information About Level III Fair Value Measurements 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Fair Value 

Valuation Techniques 

Unobservable Input 
 
 Range (Weighted Average) 

Impaired loans 

Appraisal of collateral 

(1) 
 
 Liquidation expenses 

Loans Held for Sale 

Appraisal of collateral 

(1) 
 
 Liquidation of collateral 

(1) 

New loans 

Effect of changes in composition of related parties 
 
 () 

Net repayments in existing accounts 
 
 () 

() 

Ending balance 

Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. companies owned by a Director of the Company invested in the subordinated debentures issued by the Company. Refer to Note 11 for further information. 

87 

shares of LINKBANCORP common stock pursuant to grants of incentive and non-statutory stock options. The Plan is administered by the members of LINKBANCORP s Compensation Committee (the Committee ). Unless the Committee specifies a different vesting schedule, awards under the Plan shall be granted with a vesting rate of percent per year. Vesting may be accelerated under certain conditions or at the discretion of the Committee at any time. Employees and directors of LINKBANCORP or its subsidiaries are eligible to receive awards under the plan, except that nonemployees may not be granted incentive stock options. new awards would be granted under the 2019 Plan following receipt of shareholder approval of the LINKBANCORP, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan described within this footnote. shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, and non-qualified stock options. The 2022 Plan is administered by the members of LINKBANCORP s Compensation Committee (the Committee ). At least of the awards under the 2022 Plan will vest no earlier than after the grant date. The table below provides details of the Company's stock options at December 31, 2022. 

Number of Stock Options 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term in Years 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in 000s) 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired/terminated 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at period end 

The exercise prices for options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 ranged f rom to . 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life (in years) 

Assumed forfeiture rate 

Number of unvested stock options 

Fair value of unvested stock options 

Amount remaining to be recognized as expense 

The remaining amount of will be recognized ratably as expense throu gh December 31, 2027. 

88 

. 

For capital adequacy purposes 

To be well capitalized 

Tier 1 capital 

(to risk-weighted assets) 

Actual 

For capital adequacy purposes 

To be well capitalized 

Common equity 

(to risk-weighted assets) 

Actual 

For capital adequacy purposes 

To be well capitalized 

Tier 1 capital 

(to average assets) 

Actual 

For capital adequacy purposes 

To be well capitalized 

The federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, issued a rule pursuant to The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 to establish for institutions with assets of less than billion a community bank leverage ratio (the ratio of a bank s tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) of that qualifying institutions may elect to use in lieu of the generally applicable leverage and risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule in August 2020 to lower the community bank leverage ratio to beginning in the second calendar quarter of 2020 through the end of 2020 . In 2021, the community bank leverage ratio increased to for the calendar year. The community bank leverage ratio requirement returned to effective January 1, 2022 . If an election to use the community bank leverage ratio capital framework is made, a qualifying bank with less than billion in assets with capital exceeding the specified community bank leverage ratio is considered compliant with all applicable regulatory capital and leverage requirements, including the requirement to be well capitalized. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had not elected to be subject to the alternative framework. 

 percent of the Bank s capital stock and surplus and must have collateral securing the loans or advances. 
 , which is included in other liabilities. 

Commercial real estate, construction, and land development 

Commercial and industrial 

Other 

Total 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but may include personal or commercial real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment. 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net effect of dilutive stock options and warrants 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Warrants 

Total dilutive securities 

Warrants 

Total anti-dilutive securities 

federally insured deposit limits. Management routinely evaluates the credit worthiness of these correspondent banks and does not feel they pose significant risk to the Company. 

91 

Fees on loan related activity 

Other 

Non-interest income (in-scope of Topic 606) 

Non-interest income (out-of-scope of Topic 606) 

Total non-interest income 

92 

Securities available for sale, at fair value 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Subordinated debt 

Other liabilities 

Shareholders' equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Dividend income from subsidiaries 

Expenses: 

Interest expense 

Other noninterest expenses 

Income before income tax 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in undistributed subsidiary income 

Net income 

Comprehensive Loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments: 

Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Amortization of premiums and discounts 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net cash acquired through merger and acquisition 

Investments in subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Cash dividends from subsidiaries 

Sales of securities 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes 

Issuance of shares from exercise of stock options 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

94 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 
 Management's report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management, Board of Directors and shareholders regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As part of the Company s program to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 (the Assessment ). In making this Assessment, management used the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission published in its report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Management s Assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its Assessment with the Audit Committee. 
 Based on this Assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm because LINKBANCORP, Inc. is an emerging growth company. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information . 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 
 
 Not applicable 
 95 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 
 The information regarding Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance will be set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information regarding Executive Compensation will be set forth in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters will be set forth in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 
 The following table provides information with respect to the equity securities that are authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (a) 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (b) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

395,500 

10.46 

- 

2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

94,500 

9.00 

380,500 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

490,000 

10.11 

380,500 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence will be set forth in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 The information regarding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm s fees and services will be set forth in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 96 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 (A) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 (B) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (C) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (D) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (E) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (F) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (G) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 None. 
 
 (a) (3) 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 22, 2023, by and between LINKBANCORP, Inc. and Partners Bancorp., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K, filed February 22, 2023 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

4.1 
 
 Specimen stock certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 6, 2021 

4.2. 
 
 LINKBANCORP, inc. 5.00 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Note Due October 1, 2030, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

4.4 
 
 Form of 4.50 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2032 of LINKBANCORP, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed on April 11, 2022 

4.5 
 
 Description of Common Stock 

10.1 
 
 LINKBANCORP 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

10.2 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option (ISO) Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

10.3 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

97 

10.4 
 
 Form of Amendment to the Executive Employment Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on February 22, 2023 

10.5 
 
 Form of Waiver of Accelerated Vesting Upon Change in Control, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, filed on February 22, 2023 

10.6 
 
 Amendment to the Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement for Andrew Samuel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K, filed on February 22, 2023 

10.7 
 
 LINKBANK Split Dollar Life Insurance Plan, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed May 7, 2021 

10.8 
 
 [Reserved] 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between LINKBANCORP, Inc., The Gratz Bank and Andrew S. Samuel dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement between LINKBANCORP, Inc., The Gratz Bank and Carl Lundblad dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement between LINKBANCORP, Inc., The Gratz Bank and Brent Smith dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.12 
 
 Change in Control Agreement between LINKBANCORP, Inc., The Gratz Bank and Kristofer Paul dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between The Gratz Bank and Andrew S. Samuel dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.14 
 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement between The Gratz Bank and Carl Lundblad dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.15 
 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement between The Gratz Bank and Kristofer Paul dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.16 
 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement between The Gratz Bank and Brent Smith dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K filed November 3, 2021 

10.17 
 
 LINKBANCORP, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 1, 2022 

10.18 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement with Wesley M. Weymers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2022 

10.19 
 
 Director Deferred Compensation Agreement with Wesley M. Weymers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2022 

10.20 
 
 Director Deferred Compensation Agreement with David H. Koppenhaver, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2022 

10.21 
 
 Director Deferred Compensation Agreement with Timothy J. Allison, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K, filed March 31, 2022 

10.22 
 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Agreement with Timothy J. Allison, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-K, filed March 31, 2022 

10.23 
 
 Director Deferred Compensation Agreement with Joseph Michetti, Jr., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2022 

98 

10.24 
 
 Retirement Separation Agreement for Wesley M. Weymers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 22, 2023 

10.25 
 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2022, by and between LINKBANCORP, Inc. and the several Purchasers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April, 11, 2022 

10.26 
 
 LINKBANCORP, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 2, 2022 

10.27 
 
 LINKBANCORP, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed June 2, 2022 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics for Senior Officers 

16.1 
 
 Letter of Hacker, Johnson Smith PA, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K filed March 31, 2022 

16.2 
 
 Letter of S.R. Snodgrass P.C., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.2 to Form 8-K filed March 31, 2022 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of LINKBANCORP, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Snodgrass P.C. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification 

101 INS 
 
 The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 

101 SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101 CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101 DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101 LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101 PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the interactive date file because its XBRL tags are embedded with the inline XBRL document. 

Indicates a management or compensatory plan. 
 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 99 

SI GNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2023. 
 LINKBANCORP, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew Samuel 

Andrew Samuel 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Andrew Samuel 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Andrew Samuel 

/s/ Kristofer Paul 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 30, 2023 

Kristofer Paul 

/s/ Jennifer Delaye 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Jennifer Delaye 

/s/ Anson Flake 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Anson Flake 

/s/ George Parmer 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

George Parmer 

/s/ Debra Pierson 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Debra Pierson 

/s/ Diane Poillon 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Diane Poillon 

/s/ William Pommerening 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

William Pommerening 

/s/ Brent Smith 
 Executive Vice President and Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Brent Smith 

/s/ Joseph C. Michetti, Jr. 
 Chairman and Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Joseph C. Michetti, Jr. 

/s/ Timothy Allison 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Timothy Allison 

/s/ Kristen Snyder 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Kristen Snyder 

/s/ David Koppenhaver 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

David Koppenhaver 

/s/ Steven Tressler 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

Steven Tressler 

100 

/s/ William Jones 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 

William Jones 

101 

<EX-4>
 2
 lnkb-ex4_5.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMONSTOCK OF LINKBANCORP, INC. 
 
 General 
 LINKBANCORP, Inc. LINK has 25,000,000 shares of authorized capital stock, consisting of 20,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value per share.As of March 28, 2023, there were 16,221,692 shares of LINK common stock and no shares of LINK preferred stock outstanding. Each share of LINK common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects to, each other share of common stock. 
 
 Common Stock 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of LINK common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by the LINK board of directors out of funds legally available therefore. LINK s ability to pay dividends is dependent on its earnings and financial condition and subject to certain restrictions imposed by state and federal laws. 
 
 Voting Rights. The holders of our common stock have exclusive voting rights in LINK. They elect LINK s board of directors and act on other matters as are required to be presented to them under Pennsylvania law or as are otherwise presented to them by the board of directors. Generally, each holder of LINK common stock is entitled to one vote per share and does not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 
 
 Liquidation or Dissolution. In the unlikely event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of LINK, the holders of its common stock would be entitled to receive, after payment or provision for payment of all its debts and liabilities, all of the assets of LINK available for distribution. 
 
 Preemptive Rights. Holders of the common stock of LINK will not be entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued. The common stock is not subject to redemption. 
 
 Listing . LINK common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol LNKB. The transfer agent for LINK common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company LLC. 
 
 Restrictions on Acquisition of LINKBANCORP, Inc. 
 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material provisions of Pennsylvania law, our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and certain other regulatory provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect. The following description is necessarily general and is not intended to be a complete description of the document or regulatory provision in question. 
 
 Pennsylvania Law and LINK s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Stock . The authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without shareholder approval. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future private or public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of common stock and preferred stock may enable the board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which could render more difficult or discourage any attempt to obtain control of LINK by means such as a proxy contest, tender offer, or merger, and thereby protect the continuity of LINK s management. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting . The LINK articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. 
 
 Shareholder Nominations and Proposals. The LINK bylaws provide that any shareholder desiring to make a nomination for the election of directors or a proposal for new business at an annual meeting of shareholders must submit written notice to LINK at least 90 days and not more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the previous year s annual meeting. 
 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders . For a special shareholders meeting to be called by shareholders, Pennsylvania law requires the request of holders of at least 20 of the outstanding shares of LINK s common stock entitled to vote at a meeting to call a special shareholders meeting. 
 
 Removing Directors from Office . The LINK bylaws provide that directors may be removed for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the votes cast of LINK s common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Bylaw Amendments . The LINK bylaws require that any shareholder amendments to the LINK bylaws be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the issued and outstanding shares of LINK entitled to vote at such meeting. The board 
 
 of directors of LINK may also make, amend, or repeal the LINK bylaws at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, by a majority vote of the members attending, except with respect to any provision that the LINK articles of incorporation, the LINK bylaws, or Pennsylvania law requires action by the shareholders and is subject to the power of the shareholders to change such action. 
 
 Approval of Certain Transactions . Under the LINK articles of incorporation, any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of LINK, or any action that would result in the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of LINK s assets, is subject to a heightened shareholder vote standard, requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the outstanding shares of common stock of LINK, unless two-thirds of LINK s board of directors has previously approved the transaction. Additionally, the provision in the LINK articles of incorporation that sets forth this requirement may not be amended unless the amendment is approved by 75 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of LINK. 
 
 Change in Control Law and Regulations. Under the Change in Bank Control Act, a federal law, no person may acquire control of an insured bank or its parent holding company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition. The Federal Reserve Board takes into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive effects of the acquisition. In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control of a bank without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a bank holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable proxies representing more than 25 of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the company s directors, or a determination by the Federal Reserve Board that the acquirer has the power to direct, or directly or indirectly exercise a controlling influence over, the management or policies of the institution. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a bank holding company s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable determination of control under the regulations under certain circumstances including where, as is the case with LINK, the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Federal Reserve Board regulations provide that parties seeking to rebut control will be provided an opportunity to do so in writing. 

</EX-4>

<EX-14>
 3
 lnkb-ex14_1.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14 

Exhibit 14.1 
 
 LINKBANCORP, INC. 
 CODE OF ETHICS FOR SENIOR OFFICERS 
 
 It is the policy of LINKBANCORP, Inc. (the Company that the Company s Principal Executive Officer PEO ), Principal Financial Officer PFO and Principal Accounting Officer/Controller (collectively referred to herein as the Senior Officers adhere to and advocate the following principles governing their professional and ethical conduct in the fulfillment of their responsibilities: 
 1. Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent conflicts between his or her personal, private interests and the interests of the Company, including receiving improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

2. Perform responsibilities with a view to causing periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other public communications to contain information that is full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable. 

3. Comply with laws of federal, state, and local governments applicable to the Company, and the rules and regulations of private and public regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the Company. 

4. Promptly report violations or suspected violations of this Code of Ethics to the Chairman of the Audit Committee or, if a violation involves any member of the Audit Committee, to outside counsel. 

5. Act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, and diligence, without misrepresenting or omitting material facts or allowing independent judgment to be compromised. 

6. Respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of the performance of his or her responsibilities, except when authorized or otherwise legally obligated to disclose. Do not use confidential information acquired in the course of the performance of his or her responsibilities for personal advantage. 

7. Proactively promote ethical behavior among subordinates and peers. 

8. Use corporate assets and resources employed or entrusted in a responsible manner. 

9. Not use corporate information, corporate assets, corporate opportunities or one s position with the Company for personal gain. 

10. Not compete directly or indirectly with the Company. 

11. Advance the Company s legitimate interests when the opportunity arises. 

It is also the policy of the Company that the Senior Officers who serve as the senior officers of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, The Gratz Bank, must comply with this Code of Ethics as well as any code of ethics and conflicts of interest policy of The Gratz Bank as in effect from time to time. 
 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors shall have the power to monitor, make determinations, and recommend action to the Board with respect to violations of this Code of Ethics, with the intention of holding the persons governed by this Code of Ethics accountable for adherence hereto. Any waivers of this Code of Ethics may only be made by the Board of Directors and must be promptly disclosed to the Company s stockholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Waivers should not be granted except under extraordinary or special circumstances. Amendments to this Code of Ethics may only be made by the Board of Directors and must be promptly disclosed to the Company s stockholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Adopted February 24, 2022 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 4
 lnkb-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of LINKBANCORP, Inc. 
 
 The following entities comprise the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company: 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 LINKBANK Pennsylvania 
 GNB Investment Corp. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 lnkb-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements File of LINKBANCORP, Inc.: 
 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 relating to the LINKBANCORP, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive and Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (File # 333-267759) 

Registration Statement on Form S-3/D related to the LINKBANCORP, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (File # 333-268845) 

Of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LINKBANCORP, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 
 
 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 lnkb-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrew Samuel, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LINKBANCORP, INC.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Andrew Samuel 

Andrew Samuel 

Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 lnkb-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Kristofer Paul, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LINKBANCORP, INC.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Kristofer Paul 

Kristofer Paul 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 lnkb-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officers of LINKBANCORP, INC. (the Company hereby certify that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Andrew Samuel 

Andrew Samuel 

Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Kristofer Paul 

Kristofer Paul 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lnkb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 lnkb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lnkb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lnkb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lnkb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

