<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1296884_0001829126-23-002434.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8876961</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324369</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1204527</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3654644</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1470536</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1924055</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002434.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330165944
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002434
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001296884
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				201237795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52610
		FILM NUMBER:		23781500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O THE LIGHTSTONE GROUP
		STREET 2:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 367-0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O THE LIGHTSTONE GROUP
		STREET 2:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040712

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002434.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 lightstonevalue1_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

There is no established market for the Registrant s common shares. As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the most recently completed second quarter, there were million shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. On December 8, 2022 the board of directors of the Registrant approved an estimated value per share of the Registrant s common stock of 12.19 per share (after allocations to the holder of subordinated profits interests in our operating partnership) derived from the estimated value of the Registrant s assets less the estimated value of the Registrant s liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding, all as of September 30, 2022. For a full description of the methodologies used to value the Registrant s assets and liabilities in connection with the calculation of the estimated value per share, see Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Market Information. As of March 15, 2023, there were million shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 6 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 7 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 8 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 40 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 40 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 41 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 41 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 42 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 45 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 
 46 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 46 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 51 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 55 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 55 

Signatures 
 
 56 

i 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This annual report on Form 10-K, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. before September 16, 2021, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Lightstone REIT intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe Lightstone REIT s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, project or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond Lightstone REIT s control and which could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, (i) changes in market factors that could impact our rental rates and operating costs, (ii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt, or other sources of financing on favorable terms, (iii) changes in governmental laws and regulations, (iv) the level and volatility of interest rates, (v) the availability of suitable acquisition opportunities and (vi) the continuing uncertainties regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, including its impact on our business and the economy generally. Accordingly, there is no assurance that Lightstone REIT s expectations will be realized. 

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Report, and may ultimately prove to be incorrect. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results, except as required by applicable law. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions created by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 

Cautionary Note 

The representations, warranties, and covenants made by us in any agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to the agreement, and should not be deemed to be representations, warranties, or covenants to or with any other parties. Moreover, these representations, warranties, or covenants should not be relied upon as accurately describing or reflecting the current state of our affairs. 

ii 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS: 

General Description of Business 

Structure 

The Lightstone REIT I is a Maryland corporation, formed on June 8, 2004, which has elected to be taxed, and qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Lightstone REIT I was formed primarily for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in and owning commercial and residential real estate properties and making other real estate-related investments located throughout the United States. 

The Lightstone REIT I is structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust, UPREIT ), and substantially all of its current and future business is and will be conducted through Lightstone Value Plus REIT, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership formed on July 12, 2004. As of December 31, 2022, we held a 98 general partnership interest in our Operating Partnership s common units. 

The Lightstone REIT I and the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the Company and the use of we, our, us or similar pronouns in this annual report refers to the Lightstone REIT I, its Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

Through our Operating Partnership, we own, operate and develop commercial and residential properties and make real estate-related investments, principally in the United States. Our real estate investments are held by us alone or jointly with other parties. We also originate or acquire mortgage loans secured by real estate. Although most of our investments are of these types, we may invest in whatever types of real estate or real estate-related investments that we believe are in our best interests. Since its inception, we have owned and managed various commercial and residential properties located throughout the United States. We evaluate all of our real estate investments as one operating segment. 

As of December 31, 2022, we (i) have ownership interests in and consolidate two operating properties, one development property and certain land holdings and (ii) have ownership interests through two unconsolidated joint ventures in nine unconsolidated multifamily residential properties and seven unconsolidated commercial hotel properties. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we have other real estate-related investments consisting of a preferred investment in a related party and a promissory loan we originated, through a joint venture between us and a related party, to an unaffiliated third-party borrower. 

With respect to our consolidated operating properties, we wholly own a 296-room Marriott Moxy hotel (the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel ), located in the Lower East Side neighborhood in the Manhattan borough of New York City, which we developed, constructed and opened on October 27, 2022 and have a 59.2 majority ownership interest in 50-01 2nd St. Associates LLC (the 2nd Street Joint Venture ), a joint venture between us and a related party, which developed, constructed and owns a 199-unit luxury, multifamily residential property Gantry Park Landing ), located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. 

With respect to our consolidated development property, we wholly own land parcels located at 355 399 Exterior Street in the Mott Haven neighborhood in the Bronx borough of New York City, on which we plan to construct a proposed mixed-use multifamily residential and commercial retail project (the Exterior Street Project ). 

We also wholly own and consolidate certain adjacent land parcels (the St. Augustine Land Holdings) located in St. Augustine, Florida. 

Additionally, we hold a 19.0 joint venture ownership interest in Columbus Portfolio Member LLC (the Columbus Joint Venture ), which owns nine multifamily residential properties, which we account for using the equity method of accounting and we hold a 2.5 joint venture ownership interest in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture which owns seven hotel properties, which we account for using a measurement alternative under which the Hotel Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any. Both the Columbus Joint Venture and the Hotel Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

1 

Our advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On July 6, 2004, the Advisor contributed 2,000 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner common units Common Units in the Operating Partnership. Our Advisor also owns 20,000 shares of our common stock Common Shares which were issued on July 6, 2004 for 200,000, or 10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is the majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group, LLC served as the sponsor (the Sponsor during our initial public offering (the Offering ), which terminated on October 10, 2008. Our Advisor, together with our board of directors (the Board of Directors and pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement, has the primary responsibility for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone S, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns an aggregate of 30.0 million of special general partner interests SLP Units in the Operating Partnership which were purchased, at a cost of 100,000 per unit, in connection with our Offering. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control the Lightstone REIT I or the Operating Partnership. 

We do not have any employees. The Advisor receives compensation and fees for services related to the investment and management of our assets. 

Our Advisor has affiliates which may manage and develop certain of our properties. However, we also contract with other unaffiliated third-party property managers. 

Our Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our stock for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of our stockholders. We do not intend to list our shares at this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any market for our shares of common stock until they are listed for trading. 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Partners of Operating Partnership 

On July 6, 2004, the Advisor contributed 2,000 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 Common Units. The Advisor has the right to convert the Common Units into cash or, at our option, an equal number of Common Shares. 

In connection with the Offering, Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor, purchased an aggregate of 30.0 million of SLP Units in the Operating Partnership at a cost of 100,000 per unit. As the majority owner of the SLP Units, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a 99 interest in such SLP Units and thus receives an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. These SLP Units may be entitled to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that we make to our stockholders, but only after our stockholders have received a stated preferred return. 

In addition, an aggregate of 497,209 Common Units were issued to other unrelated parties during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009 and remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Other Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Other noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries include the joint venture ownership interests held by either the Sponsor or its affiliates in (i) Pro-DFJV Holdings LLC PRO ), (ii) the 2nd Street Joint Venture and (iii) other entities that have originated promissory notes to unaffiliated third-parties. PRO s holdings principally consist of Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units. The 2nd Street Joint Venture owns Gantry Park Landing. 

Related Party 

Our Sponsor, Advisor and its affiliates, and Lightstone SLP, LLC are related parties of the Company as well as other public REITs also sponsored and/or advised by these entities. Certain of these entities are entitled to compensation and reimbursement of costs for services related to the investment, development, management and disposition of our assets. The compensation is generally based on the cost of acquired properties/investments and the annual revenue earned from such properties/investments, and other such fees and expense reimbursements as outlined in each of the respective agreements. 

2 

Primary Investment Objectives 

Our primary objective is to achieve capital appreciation with a secondary objective of income without subjecting principal to undue risk. 

Investment Strategy and Policies 

We have and expect to continue to invest in commercial and residential properties, such as office, industrial, retail, hospitality and multifamily apartments, and make other real estate-related investments such as through preferred investments or the origination of mortgage and mezzanine loans. Our investments may be made through the acquisition of or the development and construction of properties. 

We have and expect to continue to generally make our real estate investments in fee title or a long-term leasehold estate through the Operating Partnership or indirectly through special purpose limited liability companies or through investments in joint ventures, partnerships, co-tenancies, or other co-ownership arrangements with the developers of the properties or other persons. 

We have not and do not intend to make significant investments in single family residential properties; leisure home sites; farms; ranches; timberlands; unimproved properties not intended to be developed; or mining properties. 

Not more than 10 of our total assets may be invested in unimproved real property. For purposes of this paragraph, unimproved real properties does not include properties acquired for the purpose of producing rental or other operating income, properties under construction and properties for which development or construction is planned within one year. Additionally, we do not invest in contracts for the sale of real estate unless in recordable form and appropriately recorded. 

Although we are not limited as to the geographic area where we may conduct our operations, we have invested and may continue to invest in properties located near the existing operations of our Sponsor, in order to achieve economies of scale where possible. 

Financing Strategy and Policies 

We utilize leverage when acquiring and developing our properties. The number of different properties we acquire are affected by numerous factors, including, the amount of funds available to us. When interest rates on loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on terms that are satisfactory to us, we may purchase certain properties for cash with the intention of obtaining a loan for a portion of the purchase price or development costs at a later time. However, we have and intend to continue to limit our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. 

Our charter provides that the aggregate amount of borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300 of net assets in the absence of a justification showing that a higher level is appropriate, the approval of the Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders. Net assets means our total assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our total liabilities, calculated at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300 of net assets level must be approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders, along with justification for such excess. As of December 31, 2022, our total borrowings represented 109 of net assets. 

We have financed our property acquisitions and development activities through a variety of means, including but not limited to individual non-recourse mortgages and through the exchange of an interest in the property for limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek to finance our investments with debt which will be on a non-recourse basis. However, we may, secure recourse financing or provide a guarantee to lenders, if we believe this may result in more favorable terms. 

3 

Tax Status 

We elected to be taxed and qualify as a REIT, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2005. If we remain qualified as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Additionally, even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed income, if any. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through wholly owned taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

Current Environment 

Our operating results are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets volatility, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters, terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships, inflation and recession. 

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, and developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance . 

Competition 

The commercial and residential real estate markets are highly competitive. We compete in markets with other owners and operators of such properties. The development of new properties intensifies the competition among owners and operators of these types of real estate in many market areas in which we either operate or intend to operate. We compete based on a number of factors that include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property s design to prospective tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated and marketed. The number of competing properties in a particular market could have a material effect on our occupancy levels, rental rates and on the operating expenses of certain of our properties. 

In addition, we compete with other entities engaged in real estate investment activities to locate suitable properties to acquire and/or develop and also to locate tenants and purchasers for our properties. These competitors include other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, governmental bodies and other entities. There also may be other REITs with asset acquisition objectives similar to ours that may be organized in the future. Some of these competitors, including larger REITs, have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than we have and generally may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the creditworthiness of tenants. In addition, these same entities seek financing through similar channels to those sought by us. Therefore, we compete for institutional investors in a market where funds for real estate investment may decrease. 

4 

Competition from these and other third party real estate investors may limit the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us. It may also result in higher prices, lower yields and a narrower spread of yields over our borrowing costs, making it more difficult for us to acquire new investments on attractive terms. 

We believe that our Sponsor s experience, coupled with our financing, professionalism, diversity of investments and reputation in the industry enable us to compete with the other real estate investment companies. 

Because we are organized as an UPREIT, we believe we are well positioned within the industries in which we operate to offer existing property owners the potential opportunity to contribute their properties to us in tax-deferred transactions using our operating partnership units as transactional currency. As a result, we may have a competitive advantage over certain of our competitors that are structured as traditional REITs and non-REITs in pursuing acquisitions with tax-sensitive sellers. 

Regulations 

Our investments are subject to various federal, state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, including, among other things, zoning regulations, land use controls, and environmental. We believe that we have or will obtain all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate our investments. 

Environmental 

As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental laws of federal, state and local governments. Compliance with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will have such an impact in the future. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on properties in which we hold an interest, or on properties that may be acquired or developed in the future. 

Employees 

We have no employees. Our Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for us, including asset management, accounting, legal, and property management, as well as investor relations services. 

We are dependent on the Advisor and its affiliates for services that are essential to us, including asset management and acquisition, disposition and financing activities, and other general administrative responsibilities. If the Advisor and its affiliates are unable to provide these services to us, we would be required to provide the services ourselves or obtain the services from other sources. 

Available Information 

We electronically file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and proxy statements, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC, free of charge, from the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov, or at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our office is located at 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Our telephone number is (732) 367-0129. Our website is www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS: 

None applicable. 

5 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES: 

As of December 31, 2022, we (i) have ownership interests in and consolidate two operating properties, one development property and certain land holdings and (ii) have ownership interests through two unconsolidated joint ventures in nine unconsolidated multifamily residential properties and seven unconsolidated commercial hotel properties. 

Consolidated Properties 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 

We wholly own a 296-room Marriott Moxy hotel (the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel ), located in the Lower East Side neighborhood in the Manhattan borough of New York City, which we developed, constructed and opened on October 27, 2022. The following table contains certain information for the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel for the period from October 27 through December 31, 2022. 

For the Period from 
October 27 through 
December 31, 2022 
 Percentage Occupied 
for the Period from 
October 27 through 
 Revenue per Available Room RevPAR 
for the Period from 
October 27 through 
 Average 
Daily Rate ADR 
for the Period from 
October 27 through 

Location 
 Year Built 
 Available Rooms 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 
 Bowery, New York 
 2022 
 20,301 
 51.5 
 152.54 
 296.34 

Gantry Park Landing 

We have a 59.2 majority ownership interest in a joint venture, between us and a related party, which developed, constructed and owns a 199-unit, luxury multifamily property Gantry Park Landing ), located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. The following table contains certain information for Gantry Park Landing as of December 31, 2022. 

Location 
 Year Built 
 Leasable Units 
 Percentage Occupied as of 
December 31, 
 2022 
 Annualized Revenues based on rents at December 31, 2022 
 Annualized Revenues per unit at December 31, 2022 
 
 Gantry Park Landing 
 Queens, New York 
 2013 
 199 
 95.5 
 9.3 million 
 48,762 

Annualized revenue is defined as the minimum monthly payments due as of December 31, 2022 annualized. 

Exterior Street Project 

In February 2019, we acquired two adjacent parcels of land located at 355 and 399 Exterior Street, located in the Mott Haven neighborhood in the Bronx borough of New York City, and subsequently acquired an additional adjacent wedge parcel in September 2021. On these three land parcels we plan to construct a proposed mixed-use multifamily residential and commercial retail project Exterior Street Project ). Through December 31, 2022, we have incurred and capitalized 93.6 million of costs related to the development of the Exterior Street Project. 

6 

St. Augustine Land Holdings 

Effective July 15, 2022, we ceased operations of our wholly owned St. Augustine Outlet Center, a retail property located in St. Augustine, Florida, and shortly thereafter, commenced demolition of the property s building and improvements in order to prepare the various land parcels for potential sale and/or lease. The demolition of the property s buildings and improvements was substantially completed during the third quarter of 2022. As a result, we owned various adjacent land parcels (the St. Augustine Land Holdings with an aggregate carrying value of 4.9 million as of December 31, 2022. The St. Augustine Land Holdings are included in land and improvements on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Unconsolidated Properties 

Columbus Joint Venture 

We hold a 19.0 joint venture ownership interest in Columbus Portfolio Member LLC (the Columbus Joint Venture ), which owns nine multifamily residential properties, which we account for using the equity method of accounting. The Columbus Joint Venture is between us and related parties. The following table contains certain information for these properties as of December 31, 2022. 

Percentage Occupied as of 
 Annualized Revenues 
based on rents at 
 Annualized Revenue 
per unit at 

Location 
 Year Built 
 Leasable Units 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 9 multifamily residential properties within the Columbus Joint Venture 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 2004 
 2,564 
 94.7 
 41.0 million 
 16,816 

Hotel Joint Venture 

We hold a 2.5 joint venture ownership interest in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture between us and a related party, which owns seven hotel properties, which we account for using a measurement alternative under which the Hotel Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any. 

The following information generally applies to our investments in our real estate properties: 

we believe our real estate properties are adequately covered by insurance and suitable for their intended purpose; 

our real estate properties are located in markets where we are subject to competition in attracting and retaining tenants; and 

depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the applicable improvements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS: 

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As of the date hereof, we are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency and possible range of loss. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

7 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES: 

Shareholder Information 

As of March 15, 2023, we had 21.8 million of our common shares Common Shares outstanding, held by a total of 5,862 stockholders. The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems Inc., which serves as our registrar and transfer agent. 

Market Information 

The Company s common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its common stock for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority of its independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders. The Company does not intend to list its shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate that there would be any market for its shares of common stock until they are listed for trading. 

Estimated Net Asset Value NAV and NAV per Share of Common Stock NAV per Share 

On December 8, 2022, our board of directors (the Board of Directors determined and approved our estimated NAV of 323.7 million and resulting estimated NAV per Share of 12.19, after allocations of value to special general partner interests (the SLP Units in Lightstone Real Estate Investment Trust, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), held by Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of our Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LLC (the Advisor ), assuming a liquidation event, both as of September 30, 2022. From our inception through the termination of our initial public offering on October 10, 2008, Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of our Advisor, contributed cash of 30.0 million in exchange for 300 SLP Units, at a cost of 100,000 per unit. Our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share are based upon the estimated fair values of our assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2022 and are effective as of December 8, 2022. 

The estimated NAV of our shares was calculated as of a particular point in time. The estimated NAV of our shares will fluctuate over time in response to developments related to individual assets in the portfolio and the management of those assets and in response to the real estate and finance markets. There is no assurance of the extent to which the current estimated valuation should be relied upon for any purpose after its effective date regardless that it may be published on any statement issued by us or otherwise. 

Process and Methodology 

Our business in externally managed by Lightstone Value Plus REIT LLC (the Advisor ), an affiliate of the Lightstone Group, LLC, which provides advisory services to us and we have no employees. Our Advisor, along with any necessary material assistance or confirmation of a third-party valuation expert or service, is responsible for calculating our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share, which we currently expect will be done on an annual basis unless and until our Common Shares are approved for listing on a national securities exchange. Our Board of Directors will review and approve each estimate of NAV and resulting NAV per Share. 

Our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022 were calculated with both the assistance our Advisor and Robert A. Stanger Co, Inc. Stanger ), an independent third-party valuation firm engaged by us to assist with the valuation of our assets, liabilities, other noncontrolling interests and allocation of value to the SLP Units. Our Advisor recommended and our Board of Directors established the estimated NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022 based upon the analysis and reports provided by our Advisor and Stanger. The process for estimating the value of our assets, liabilities, other noncontrolling interests and any allocation of value to the SLP Units, is performed in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Program Association Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuations of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs. We believe that our valuations were developed in a manner reasonably designed to ensure their reliability. 

The engagement of Stanger with respect to our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022 was approved by our Board of Directors, including all of our independent directors. Stanger has extensive experience in conducting asset valuations, including valuations of commercial real estate, debt, properties and real estate-related investments. 

8 

With respect to our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022, Stanger prepared appraisal reports (the Stanger Appraisal Reports ), summarizing key inputs and assumptions, for our three wholly owned properties (the Stanger Appraised Properties consisting of (i) the St. Augustine Land Holdings and (ii) the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel and the Exterior Street Project (collectively, the Development Properties ). 

Stanger also prepared a NAV report (the September 2022 NAV Report which summarized the values of our ownership interests in real estate properties, non-real estate assets, liabilities, other noncontrolling interests and allocation of value to the SLP Units, which were used to calculate our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share, all as of September 30, 2022. The values of our ownership interests in real estate properties were based upon the Stanger Appraisal Reports for the Stanger Appraised Properties and an appraisal report prepared by another independent third-party valuation firm for Gantry Park Landing, our 59.2 majority-owned and consolidated multifamily residential property The values of our non-real estate assets, liabilities, other noncontrolling interests and allocation of value to the SLP Units were based upon (i) Stanger s estimated values for our notes receivable and mortgage notes payable as well as their estimate of the allocation of value to the SLP Units and (ii) our Advisor s estimated opinion of value for our cash and cash equivalents, investments in related parties, marketable securities, prepaid expenses, restricted cash and other assets, other liabilities and other noncontrolling interests. 

The table below sets forth the calculation of our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022, as well as the comparable calculation as of September 30, 2021. Certain amounts are reflected net of noncontrolling interests, as applicable. Dollar and share amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data. 

As of 
September 30, 2022 

As of 
September 30, 2021 

Value 

Per Share 

Value 

Per Share 

Net Assets: 

Real Estate Properties 

439,366 

19.64 

329,755 

14.53 

Non-Real Estate Assets : 

Cash and cash equivalents 

36,901 

32,245 

Investments in related parties 

7,009 

15,541 

Marketable securities 

40,592 

53,071 

Notes receivable 

23,630 

32,468 

Other assets 

6,419 

3,441 

Total non-real estate assets 

114,551 

5.12 

136,766 

6.02 

Total Assets 

553,917 

24.76 

466,521 

20.55 

Liabilities : 

Mortgage notes payable 

(211,268) 

(131,811) 

Other liabilities 

(18,309) 

(20,268) 

Total liabilities 

(229,577) 

(10.26) 

(152,079) 

(6.70) 
 
 Other noncontrolling interests 

(621) 

(0.03) 

(617) 

(0.03) 
 
 Net Asset Value before Allocations to SLP Units 

323,719 

14.47 

313,825 

13.82 

Allocations to SLP Units 

(51,008) 

(2.28) 

(47,040) 

(2.07) 
 
 Net Asset Value 

272,711 

12.19 

266,785 

11.75 

Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (1) 

22,369 

22,702 

Note : 

(1) 
 Includes 0.5 million shares of our common stock assuming the conversion of an equal number of common units of limited partnership interest in our Operating Partnership common units ). 

9 

Use of Independent Valuation Firm: 

As discussed above, our Advisor is responsible for calculating our NAV. In connection with determining our NAV, our Advisor may rely on the material assistance or confirmation of a third-party valuation expert or service. In this regard, Stanger was selected by our Board of Directors to assist our Advisor in the calculation of our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022. Stanger s service included appraising the Stanger Appraised Properties and preparing the September 2022 NAV Report. Stanger is engaged in the business of appraising commercial real estate properties and is not affiliated with us or our Advisor. The compensation we paid to Stanger was based on the scope of work and not on the appraised values of our real estate properties. The appraisals were performed in accordance with the Code of Ethics and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation. The Stanger Appraisal Reports were reviewed, approved, and signed by an individual with the professional designation of MAI licensed in the state where each real property is located. The use of the reports is subject to the requirements of the Appraisal Institute relating to review by its duly authorized representatives. In preparing its reports, Stanger did not, and was not requested to; solicit third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of us. 

Stanger collected reasonably available material information that it deemed relevant in appraising our real estate properties. Stanger relied in part on property-level information provided by our Advisor, including (i) property historical and projected operating revenues and expenses; (ii) property lease agreements and/or lease abstracts; and (iii) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. 

In conducting their investigation and analyses, Stanger took into account customary and accepted financial and commercial procedures and considerations as they deemed relevant. Although Stanger reviewed information supplied or otherwise made available by us or the Advisor for reasonableness, they assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and of all information supplied or otherwise made available to them by any other party and did not independently verify any such information. Stanger has assumed that any operating or financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Stanger were reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of our management, our Board of Directors, and/or our Advisor. Stanger relied on us to advise them promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate or was required to be updated during the period of their review. 

In performing its analyses, Stanger made numerous other assumptions as of various points in time with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, and regulatory conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond their control and our control. Stanger also made assumptions with respect to certain factual matters. For example, unless specifically informed to the contrary, Stanger assumed that we have clear and marketable title to each real estate property appraised, that no title defects exist, that any improvements were made in accordance with law, that no hazardous materials are present or were present previously, that no significant deed restrictions exist, and that no changes to zoning ordinances or regulations governing use, density, or shape are pending or being considered. Furthermore, Stanger s analyses, opinions, and conclusions were necessarily based upon market, economic, financial, and other circumstances and conditions existing as of or prior to the date of the Stanger Appraisal Reports, and any material change in such circumstances and conditions may affect Stanger s analyses and conclusions. The Stanger Appraisal Reports contain other assumptions, qualifications, and limitations that qualify the analyses, opinions, and conclusions set forth therein. Furthermore, the prices at which our ownership interests in our real estate properties may actually be sold could differ from Stanger s analyses. 

Stanger is actively engaged in the business of appraising commercial real estate properties similar to those owned by us in connection with public security offerings, private placements, business combinations, and similar transactions. We do not believe that there are any material conflicts of interest between Stanger, on the one hand, and us, our Sponsor, our Advisor, and our affiliates, on the other hand. Our Advisor engaged Stanger on behalf of our Board of Directors to deliver their reports to assist in the NAV calculation as of September 30, 2022 and Stanger received compensation for those efforts. In addition, we agreed to indemnify Stanger against certain liabilities arising out of this engagement. In the two years prior to the date of this filing, Stanger was previously engaged by us for appraisal and valuation services in connection with our financial reporting requirements. Stanger has received usual and customary fees in connection with those services. Stanger may from time to time in the future perform other services for us and our Sponsor or other affiliates of the Sponsor, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of Stanger as certified in the applicable Appraisal Reports. During the past two years Stanger has also been engaged to provide appraisal services to another non-traded REIT sponsored by our Sponsor for which it was paid usual and customary fees. 

10 

Although Stanger considered any comments received from us and our Advisor relating to their reports, the final appraised values of the Stanger Appraised Properties were determined by Stanger. The reports are addressed to our Board of Directors to assist our Board of Directors in calculating our estimated NAV per Share as of September 30, 2022. The reports are not addressed to the public, may not be relied upon by any other person to establish our estimated NAV per Share, and do not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell any shares of our common stock. 

Our goal in calculating our estimated NAV is to arrive at values that are reasonable and supportable using what we deem to be appropriate valuation methodologies and assumptions. The reports, including the analysis, opinions, and conclusions set forth in such reports, are qualified by the assumptions, qualifications, and limitations set forth in the respective reports. The following is a summary of our valuation methodologies used to value our assets and liabilities by key component: 

Real estate properties : 

As of September 30, 2022, we have ownership interests in four consolidated properties (collectively, the Real Estate Properties ). 

As described above, we engaged Stanger to provide an appraisal for each of the Stanger Appraised Properties as of September 30, 2022. The Stanger Appraised Properties consist of the St. Augustine Land Holdings and the Development Properties. We also engaged another independent third-party valuation firm to provide an appraisal report for Gantry Park Landing. In preparing their appraisal reports, the scope of the work performed by Stanger and the other independent third-party valuation firm included the following procedures, as well other factors: 

A review of all property level information provided by our Advisor; 

A review of the historical performance of our real estate investments and business plans related to operations of the investments; 

A review of the data models prepared by the Advisor supporting the valuation for each investment; and 

A review of the applicable markets by means of publications and other resources to measure current market conditions, supply and demand factors, and growth patterns. 

Stanger and the other independent third-party valuation firm employed the income approach and/or the sales comparison approach to estimate the value of the appraised properties. The income approach involves an economic analysis of the property based on its potential to provide future net annual income. As part of the valuation, a discounted cash flow analysis DCF Analysis and/or direct capitalization analysis was used in the income approach to determine the value of our interest in the portfolio. The indicated value by the income approach represents the amount an investor may pay for the expectation of receiving the net cash flow from the property. 

The direct capitalization analysis is based upon the net operating income of the property capitalized at an appropriate capitalization rate for the property based upon property characteristics and competitive position and market conditions at the date of the appraisal. 

In applying the DCF Analysis, pro forma statements of operations for the property including revenues and expenses are analyzed and projected over a multi-year period. The property is assumed to be sold at the end of the multi-year holding period. The reversion value of the property which can be realized upon sale at the end of the holding period is calculated based on the capitalization of the estimated net operating income of the property in the year of sale, utilizing a capitalization rate deemed appropriate in light of the age, anticipated functional and economic obsolescence and competitive position of the property at the time of sale. Net proceeds to owners are determined by deducting appropriate costs of sale. The discount rate selected for the DCF Analysis is based upon estimated target rates of return for buyers of similar properties. 

The sales comparison approach utilizes indices of value derived from actual or proposed sales of comparable properties to estimate the value of the subject property. The appraiser analyzed such comparable sale data as was available to develop a market value conclusion for the subject property. 

11 

Stanger prepared the Stanger Appraisal Reports and the other independent third-party valuation firm prepared an appraisal report for Gantry Park Landing, summarizing key inputs and assumptions, for each of the appraised properties using financial information provided by us and our Advisor. From such review, Stanger and the other independent third-party valuation firm selected the appropriate cash flow discount rate, residual discount rate, and terminal capitalization rate in the DCF Analysis, if applicable, the appropriate capitalization rate in the direct capitalization analysis and the appropriate price per unit in the sales comparison analysis. As for those properties consolidated on our financials, and for which we do not own 100 of the ownership interest, the property value was adjusted to reflect our ownership interest in such property after consideration of the distribution priorities associated with such property. 

The estimated values for our investments in real estate may or may not represent current market values and do not equal the book values of our real estate investments in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our consolidated investments in real estate are currently carried in our consolidated financial statements at their amortized cost basis, adjusted for any loss impairments and bargain purchase gains recognized to date. 

St. Augustine Land Holdings 

Effective July 15, 2022, we ceased operations of our wholly owned St. Augustine Outlet Center, a retail property located in St. Augustine, Florida, and shortly thereafter, commenced demolition of the property s building and improvements in order to prepare the various land parcels for sale and/or lease. The demolition of the property s buildings and improvements was substantially completed during the third quarter of 2022 and we recognized a loss on demolition of 16.6 million consisting of the write-off of the carrying value of the property s building and improvements plus related costs. As a result, we owned various adjacent land parcels (the St. Augustine Land Holdings ), which were valued at 29.5 million as of September 30, 2022, based on a sales comparison approach. 

Gantry Park Landing 

As of September 30, 2022, our 59.2 ownership interest in Gantry Park Landing, a multifamily residential property, was valued at 77.0 million. The following summarizes the key assumptions that were used in the discounted cash flow model to estimate the value of Gantry Park Landing as of September 30, 2022: 

Exit capitalization rate 

4.25 

Discount rate 

5.25 

Annual market rent growth rate 

3.28 

Annual net operating income growth rate 

2.94 

Holding period (in years) 

11.0 

While we believe that the assumptions made by the other independent third-party appraisal firm for Gantry Park Landing are reasonable, a change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the estimated value included in our Real Estate Properties. The table below represents the estimated increase or decrease to our estimated NAV per Share resulting from a 25-basis point increase and decrease in the capitalization rate and discount rate which were used in the valuation for Gantry Park Landing. The table is presented to provide a hypothetical illustration of the possible results if only one change in assumptions was made, with all other factors remaining constant. Further, each of these assumptions could change by more or less than 25 basis points or not at all. 

Change in NAV per Share 

Increase of 

Decrease of 

25 basis points 

25 basis points 

Exit capitalization rate 

(0.12) 

0.14 

Discount rate 

(0.07) 

0.07 

Development Properties 

As of September 30, 2022, we wholly owned the Development Properties consisting of the following: 

12 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 

We are developing a 296-room branded hotel (the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel on various adjacent parcels of land located at 147-151 Bowery, in the Lower East Side neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City. As of September 30, 2022, the construction of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel was substantially complete and the hotel and two of its four food and beverage venues subsequently opened in October 2022. The remaining food and beverage venues are currently expected to open by the end of 2022. 

Stanger deemed it appropriate to determine the estimated fair value of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel as of September 30, 2022 of 220.0 million using a DCF Analysis taking into consideration the expected net operating income NOI of the property upon stabilization less the remaining estimated costs to complete. Stanger used a capitalization rate of 7.0 and a discount rate of 9.0 in their DCF Analysis. NOI is all gross revenues from the property less all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees but excluding depreciation. 

While we believe that the assumptions utilized in the DCF Analysis are reasonable, a change in these assumptions would affect the calculation of the value of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The table below presents the estimated increase or decrease to our estimated NAV per Share resulting from a 25-basis point increase and decrease in the discount rate and capitalization rate used in the DCF Analysis. The table is presented to provide a hypothetical illustration of possible results if only one change in assumptions was made with all other factors remaining constant. Further, each of these assumptions could change by more or less than 25-basis points or not at all. 

Change in NAV per Share 

Increase of 

Decrease of 

25 basis points 

25 basis points 

Exit capitalization rate 

(0.21) 

0.22 

Discount rate 

(0.20) 

0.20 

Exterior Street Project 

We are developing a mixed use multifamily residential and commercial retail project (the Exterior Street Project on various adjacent parcels of land located at 355 and 399 Exterior Street in the Mott Haven neighborhood in the Bronx borough of New York City. As of September 30, 2022, because the Exterior Street Project was under development, Stanger deemed it appropriate to determine its fair value of 112.9 million as of that date based on the aggregate estimated fair value of the underlying land of 79.3 million (using a sales comparison approach) plus other development costs incurred of 33.6 million. 

The aggregate fair value of our Real Estate Properties of 439.4 million compared to their aggregate carrying value of 327.4 million, both as of September 30, 2022, equates to an increase in value of 34.2 . 

Cash and cash equivalents: The estimated value of our cash and cash equivalents approximate their carrying value due to their short maturities. 

Investments in related parties: As of September 30, 2022, we have investments in related parties as follows: 

We have a 2.5 non-managing ownership interest in a joint venture (the Joint Venture ), which owns seven hospitality properties. The Joint Venture is between us and the operating partnership of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone II ), a real estate investment trust also sponsored by our Sponsor, which has a 97.5 managing ownership interest in the Joint Venture. We do not consolidate our ownership interest in the Joint Venture but rather account for it using a measurement alternative under which the Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any. As of September 30, 2022, our Advisor estimated the value of our ownership interest in the Joint Venture was 1.0 million based on a hypothetical liquidation of the estimated value of the Joint Venture s net assets, which approximated our carrying value. 

13 

We have entered into an agreement with a related party entity pursuant to which we have made outstanding contributions of 6.0 million to an affiliate of the Lightstone Group, LLC which has developed and constructed a residential project located at 40 East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of New York City. The contributions were made pursuant to an instrument (the Preferred Investment that entitles us to monthly preferred distributions at 12 per annum and which is classified as a held-to-maturity security and is recorded at cost. As of September 30, 2022, the estimated value of our Preferred Investments of 6.0 million approximated its carrying value based on market rates for similar instruments. 

Marketable securities: The estimated values of our marketable securities, which are available for sale, are based on Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. Level 1 inputs are inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. All of our marketable securities measured using Level 2 inputs were valued based on a market approach using readily available quoted market prices for similar assets. 

Notes receivable: The estimated value of our notes receivable approximates its carrying value as of September 30, 2022 based on current market rates for similar instruments. 

Other assets: Our other assets consist of restricted cash and other assets. The estimated values of these items approximate their carrying values due to their short maturities. Certain other items, primarily straight-line rent receivable, intangibles and deferred costs, have been eliminated for the purpose of the valuation because those items are already considered in our valuation of the respective investments in Real Estate Properties or financial instruments. 

Mortgage notes payable: The estimated values for our mortgage loans were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, which used inputs based on the remaining loan terms and estimated current market interest rates for mortgage loans with similar characteristics, including remaining loan term and loan-to-value ratios. The current market interest rates for our mortgage loans were generally determined based on market rates for available comparable debt. The estimated current market interest rates for our mortgage loans ranged from 5.52 to 8.40 as of September 30, 2022. 

Other liabilities: Our other liabilities consist of our accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, amounts due to related parties, and distributions payable. The carrying values of these items were considered to equal their fair value due to their short maturities. Certain other items, primarily intangibles, have been eliminated for the purpose of the valuation because those items are already considered in our valuation of the respective Real Estate Properties or financial instruments. 

Other noncontrolling interests: Our other noncontrolling interests consist of accrued distributions on common units and SLP Units. 

Allocations of value to SLP units: The carrying value of the SLP Units held by Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of our Advisor, are classified in noncontrolling interests on our consolidated balance sheet. The IPA s Practice Guideline 2013 01 provides for adjustments to the NAV for preferred securities, special interests and incentive fees based on the aggregate NAV of the company and payable to the sponsor in a hypothetical liquidation of the company as of the valuation date in accordance with the provisions of the partnership or advisory agreements and the terms of the preferred securities. Because certain distributions related to our SLP Units are only payable to their holder in a liquidation event, we believe they should be valued for our NAV in accordance with these provisions. 

Our operating agreement provides for distributions to be made during our liquidating stage to our stockholders and the holder of the SLP Units at certain prescribed thresholds. In connection with our initial public offering of common stock, Lightstone SLP, LLC purchased an aggregate of 30.0 million of SLP Units. In the calculation of our estimated NAV, a 51.0 million allocation of value was made to the SLP Units representing the amount of estimated distributions which would have been payable to the holder of the SLP Units, assuming a liquidation event as of September 30, 2022. 

14 

Historical Estimated NAV and NAV per Share 

Additional information on our historical reported estimated NAV and NAV per Share for the preceding year may be found in the following referenced filing: 

As of September 30, 2021 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021. 

Limitations and Risks 

As with any valuation methodology, the methodology used to determine our estimated NAV and resulting estimated NAV per Share is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may prove later not to be accurate or complete. Further, different participants with different property-specific and general real estate and capital market assumptions, estimates, judgments and standards could derive a different estimated NAV per Share, which could be significantly different from the estimated NAV per Share approved by our Board of Directors. The estimated NAV per Share approved by our Board of Directors does not represent the fair value of our assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP, and such estimated NAV per Share is not a representation, warranty or guarantee that: 

A stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares at the estimated NAV per Share; 

A stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the estimated NAV per Share upon liquidation of our assets and settlement of our liabilities or a sale of the Company; 

Our shares of common stock would trade at the estimated NAV per Share on a national securities exchange; 

An independent third-party appraiser or other third-party valuation firm would agree with the estimated NAV per Share; or 

The methodology used to estimate our NAV per Share would be acceptable to FINRA or under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with respect to their respective requirements. 

The Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Labor do not provide any guidance on the methodology an issuer must use to determine its estimated NAV per share. FINRA guidance provides that NAV valuations be derived from a methodology that conforms to standard industry practice. 

As with any valuation methodology, our methodology is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive different estimated NAVs and resulting NAVs per share, and these differences could be significant. The estimated NAV per Share is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets less our liabilities in accordance with GAAP, nor do they represent an actual liquidation value of our assets and liabilities or the amount shares of our common stock would trade at on a national securities exchange. As of the date of this filing, although we have not sought stockholder approval to adopt a plan of liquidation of the Company, certain distributions may be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC for its SLP Units in connection with a liquidation event. Accordingly, our estimated NAV reflects any allocations of value to the SLP Units representing the amount that would be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC in connection with a liquidation event pursuant to the guidelines for estimating NAV contained in IPA Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuation of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs. Our estimated NAV per Share is based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities and other non-controlling interests less any allocations to the SLP Units divided by the number of our diluted shares of common stock outstanding, all as of the date indicated. Our estimated NAV per Share does not reflect a discount for the fact we are externally managed, nor does it reflect a real estate portfolio premium/discount versus the sum of the individual property values. Our estimated NAV per Share does not take into account estimated disposition costs or fees or penalties, if any, that may apply upon the prepayment of certain of our debt obligations or the impact of restrictions on the assumption of certain debt. Our estimated NAV per Share will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of assets, developments related to individual assets and the management of those assets and changes in the real estate and capital markets. Different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive different NAVs and resulting estimated NAVs per share, and these differences could be significant. Markets for real estate and real estate-related investments can fluctuate and values are expected to change in the future. We currently expect that our Advisor will estimate our NAV on at least an annual basis. Our Board of Directors will review and approve each estimate of NAV and resulting estimated NAV per Share. 

15 

The following factors may cause a stockholder not to ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the estimated NAV per Share upon liquidation: 

The methodology used to determine estimated NAV per Share includes a number of estimates and assumptions that may not prove to be accurate or complete as compared to the actual amounts received in the liquidation; 

In a liquidation, certain assets may not be liquidated at their estimated values because of transfer fees and disposition fees, which are not reflected in the estimated NAV calculation; 

In a liquidation, debt obligations may have to be prepaid and the costs of any prepayment penalties may reduce the liquidation amounts. Prepayment penalties are not included in determining the estimated value of liabilities in determining estimated NAV; 

In a liquidation, the real estate assets may derive a portfolio premium which premium is not considered in determining estimated NAV; 

In a liquidation, the potential buyers of the assets may use different estimates and assumptions than those used in determining estimated NAV; 

If the liquidation occurs through a listing of the common stock on a national securities exchange, the capital markets may value the Company s net assets at a different amount than the estimated NAV. Such valuation would likely be based upon customary REIT valuation methodology including funds from operation FFO multiples of other comparable REITs, FFO coverage of dividends and adjusted FFO payout of the Company s anticipated dividend; and 

If the liquidation occurs through a merger of the Company with another REIT, the amount realized for the common stock may not equal the estimated NAV per Share because of many factors including the aggregate consideration received, the make-up of the consideration (e.g., cash, stock or both), the performance of any stock received as part of the consideration during the merger process and thereafter, the reception of the merger in the market and whether the market believes the pricing of the merger was fair to both parties. 

SRP 

Our share repurchase program (the SRP may provide our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares of common stock back to us, subject to restrictions. 

On March 25, 2020, our Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of all redemptions effective immediately. 

Effective March 15, 2021 and May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors partially reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s death and hardship, respectively, and set the price for all such purchases to our current NAV per Share, as determined by our Board of Directors and reported by us from time to time. Deaths that occurred subsequent to January 1, 2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to certain conditions. Beginning January 1, 2022, requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. On March 18, 2022, the Board of Directors approved an increase to the annual threshold for death redemptions from up to 0.5 to 1.0 . 

At the above noted dates, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, we would not redeem in excess of 1.0 and 0.5 of the number of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption requests are expected to be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceeded the annual limitation. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 371,318 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 11.75. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 143,918 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 11.18. 

16 

DRIP 

Our distribution reinvestment program DRIP provides our shareholders with an opportunity to purchase additional shares of our common stock at a discount by reinvesting distributions. Under our DRIP, a shareholder may acquire, from time to time, additional shares of our common stock by reinvesting cash distributions payable by us to such shareholder, without incurring any brokerage commission, fees or service charges. 

The DRIP had been suspended since 2015 until our DRIP Registration Statement on Form S-3D was filed and became effective as amended and restated, under the Securities Act of 1933 on October 25, 2018. 

Pursuant to the DRIP following its reactivation, our stockholders who elect to participate may invest all or a portion of the cash distributions that we pay them on shares of our common stock in additional shares of our common stock at a purchase price equal to 95 of our current NAV per Share, as determined by the our Board of Directors and reported by us from time to time. Effective on December 8, 2022, our Board of Directors determined our NAV per Share of 12.19, as of September 30, 2022, which resulted in a purchase price for shares under the DRIP of 11.58 per share. As of December 31, 2022, 9.9 million shares remain available for issuance under our DRIP. 

Our Board of Directors reserves the right to terminate the DRIP for any reason without cause by providing written notice of the termination to all participants. 

Distributions 

Common Shares 

Our Board of Directors commenced declaring and we began paying regular quarterly distributions on our Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.70 per share, or an annualized rate of 7.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, beginning February 1, 2006. Subsequently, our Board of Directors has declared regular quarterly distributions at the annualized rate of 7.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, with the exception of the three-month period ended June 30, 2010. The distributions for the three-month period ended June 30, 2010 were at an aggregate annualized rate of 8 based on the share price of 10.00. Through December 31, 2022, we have paid aggregate distributions in the amount of 278.7 million, which includes cash distributions paid to stockholders and common stock issued under our DRIP. 

Total distributions declared during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 15.4 million and 15.6 million, respectively. 

On November 9, 2022 and November 8, 2021 the Board of Directors authorized and we declared distributions of 0.175 per share for the quarterly periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. The distributions payable of 3.8 million and 3.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were paid in January 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On March 15, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized and declared a Common Share distribution of 0.175 per share for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter-end. The stockholders have an option to elect the receipt of shares under the our DRIP. 

Future distributions, if any, declared will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of the Company s performance over the previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination, including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, operating and interest expenses, the Company s ability to refinance near-term debt, as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less than 90 of their taxable income. The Company cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that it will maintain any particular level of distributions that it has previously established or may establish. 

17 

SLP Units 

From our inception through March 31, 2010, cumulative distributions declared on the special general partner interests (the SLP Units in Lightstone Value Plus REIT, L.P. (the Operating Partnership owned by Lightstone SLP, LLC were 4.9 million, all of which had been paid as of April 2010. For the three months ended June 30, 2010, the Operating Partnership did not declare a distribution related to the SLP Units as the distribution to the stockholders was less than 7 for this period. On August 30, 2010, we declared additional distributions to the stockholders to bring the annualized distribution to at least 7 . As such, as of August 30, 2010, we recommenced declaring distributions on the SLP Units at the 7 annualized rate, except for the three months ended June 30, 2010 which was at an 8 annualized rate which represents the same rate paid to the stockholders. 

During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, distributions of 2.1 million were declared and paid related to the SLP Units and are part of noncontrolling interests. Since inception through December 31, 2022, cumulative distributions declared were 31.8 million, of which 31.3 million have been paid. Such distributions, paid currently at a 7 annualized rate of return on the SLP Units through December 31, 2022, with the exception of the distribution related to the three months ended June 30, 2010, which was paid at an 8 annualized rate will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return, as described below. 

Additionally, on March 15, 2023, our Operating Partnership declared a quarterly distribution for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023 on the SLP Units at an annualized rate of 7.0 . Any future distributions on the SLP Units will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the period covered by this Form 10-K, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

18 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 

You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Please see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above for a description of these risks and uncertainties. Dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data and where indicated in millions. 

Overview 

Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. (the Lightstone REIT I ), (together with its operating partnership, Lightstone Value Plus REIT, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), the Company , also referred to as we , our or us herein) has and expects to continue to acquire and operate or develop in the future, commercial and, residential properties and/or make real estate-related investments, principally in the United States. Our acquisitions and investments are, principally conducted through the Operating Partnership, and may include both portfolios and individual properties. We evaluate all of our real estate investments as one operating segment. As of December 31, 2022, we held a 98 general partnership interest in our Operating Partnership s common units. 

As of December 31, 2022, we (i) have ownership interests in and consolidate two operating properties, one development property and certain land holdings and (ii) have ownership interests through two unconsolidated joint ventures in nine unconsolidated multifamily residential properties and seven unconsolidated commercial hotel properties. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we have other real estate-related investments consisting of a preferred investment in a related party and a promissory loan we originated, through a joint venture with a related party, to an unaffiliated third-party borrower. We evaluate all of our real estate investments as one operating segment. 

With respect to our consolidated operating properties, we wholly own a 296-room Marriott Moxy hotel (the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel ), located in the Lower East Side neighborhood in the Manhattan borough of New York City, which we developed, constructed and opened on October 27, 2022 and have a 59.2 majority ownership interest in 50-01 2nd St. Associates LLC (the 2nd Street Joint Venture ), a joint venture between us and a related party, which developed, constructed and owns a 199-unit luxury, multifamily residential property Gantry Park Landing ), located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. 

With respect to our consolidated development property, we wholly own land parcels located at 355 399 Exterior Street in the Mott Haven neighborhood in the Bronx borough of New York City, on which we plan to construct a proposed mixed-use multifamily residential and commercial retail project (the Exterior Street Project ). 

We also wholly own and consolidate certain adjacent land parcels (the St. Augustine Land Holdings) located in St. Augustine, Florida. 

Additionally, we hold a 19.0 joint venture ownership interest in Columbus Portfolio Member LLC (the Columbus Joint Venture ), which owns nine multifamily residential properties, which we account for using the equity method of accounting and we and hold a 2.5 joint venture ownership interest in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture which owns seven hotel properties, which we account for using a measurement alternative under which the Hotel Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any. Both the Columbus Joint Venture and the Hotel Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

We do not have employees. We entered into an advisory agreement pursuant to which Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LLC (the Advisor supervises and manages our day-to-day operations and selects our real estate and real estate related investments, subject to oversight by our board of directors (the Board of Directors ). We pay the Advisor fees for services related to the investment and management of our assets, and we will reimburse the Advisor for certain expenses incurred on our behalf. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

19 

Investment Strategy and Policies 

We have and expect to continue to generally make our real estate investments in fee title or a long-term leasehold estate through the Operating Partnership or indirectly through special purpose limited liability companies or through investments in joint ventures, partnerships, co-tenancies, or other co-ownership arrangements with the developers of the properties or other persons. 

We have not and do not intend to make significant investments in single family residential properties; leisure home sites; farms; ranches; timberlands; unimproved properties not intended to be developed; or mining properties. 

Not more than 10 of our total assets may be invested in unimproved real property. For purposes of this paragraph, unimproved real properties does not include properties acquired for the purpose of producing rental or other operating income, properties under construction and properties for which development or construction is planned within one year. Additionally, we do not invest in contracts for the sale of real estate unless in recordable form and appropriately recorded. 

Although we are not limited as to the geographic area where we may conduct our operations, we have invested and may continue to invest in properties located near the existing operations of our Sponsor, in order to achieve economies of scale where possible. 

Current Environment 

Our operating results are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets volatility, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters, terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships, inflation and recession. 

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, and developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance . 

We are not currently aware of any other material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from our operations, other than those referred to above or throughout this Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting period. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 

General 

Our consolidated financial statements, included in this annual report, include our accounts, the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries (over which we exercise financial and operating control). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments about the effects of matters or future events that are inherently uncertain. These estimates and judgments may affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including contingencies and litigation. We base these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

20 

To assist in understanding our results of operations and financial position, we have identified our critical accounting policies and discussed them below. These accounting policies are most important to the portrayal of our results and financial position, either because of the significance of the financial statement items to which they relate or because they require our management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. 

Investments in Real Estate 

We generally record investments in real estate at cost and capitalize improvements and replacements when they extend the useful life or improve the efficiency of the asset. We expense costs of ordinary repairs and maintenance as incurred. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the applicable real estate asset. We generally use estimated useful lives of up to thirty-nine years for buildings and improvements, five to ten years for furniture and fixtures and the shorter of the useful life or the remaining lease term for tenant improvements and leasehold interests. 

We make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation to record on an annual basis with respect to our investments in real estate. These assessments have a direct impact on our net income because, if we were to shorten the expected useful lives of our investments in real estate, we would depreciate these investments over fewer years, resulting in more depreciation expense and lower net income on an annual basis. 

We record assets and groups of assets and liabilities which comprise disposal groups as held for sale when all of the following criteria are met: a decision has been made to sell, the assets are available for sale immediately, the assets are being actively marketed at a reasonable price in relation to the current fair value, a sale has been or is expected to be concluded within twelve months of the balance sheet date, and significant changes to the plan to sell are not expected. The assets and disposal groups held for sale are valued at the lower of book value or fair value less disposal costs. For sales of real estate or assets classified as held for sale, we evaluate whether a disposal transaction meets the criteria of a strategic shift and will have a major effect on our operations and financial results to determine if the results of operations and gains on sale of real estate will be presented as part of our continuing operations or as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations. If the disposal represents a strategic shift, it will be classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented; if not, it will be presented in continuing operations. 

We evaluate the recoverability of our investments in real estate assets at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 

We evaluate the long-lived assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the undiscounted projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount for a particular property. No single indicator would necessarily result in us preparing an estimate to determine if a long-lived asset s future undiscounted cash flows are less than its book value. We use judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact there are a number of indicators of less severity that when combined, would result in an indication that a long-lived asset requires an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows to determine if an impairment has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include, among others, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results and significant negative industry or economic trends. The estimated cash flows used for the impairment analysis are subjective and require us to use our judgment and the determination of estimated fair value are based on our plans for the respective assets and our views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider matters such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand, competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties. Changes in estimated future cash flows due to changes in our plans or views of market and economic conditions could result in recognition of impairment losses, which, under the applicable accounting guidance, may be substantial. 

Accounting for Asset Acquisitions 

The cost of the acquisition in an asset acquisition is allocated to the acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, building and tenant improvements, and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above-market and below-market leases for acquired in-place leases and the value of tenant relationships, and certain liabilities such as assumed debt and contingent liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values. Fees incurred related to asset acquisitions are capitalized as part of the cost of the investment. 

21 

Accounting
for Development Projects 

We incur a variety of costs in the development of a property. The costs of land and building under development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include, but are not limited to, pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes and other costs incurred during the period of development. We cease capitalization when the development project is substantially complete and placed in service, which may occur in phases . Determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. 

Once a development project is placed in service, which may occur in phases or for an entire building or project, the costs capitalized to that development project are transferred to land and improvements, buildings and improvements, and furniture and fixtures on our consolidated balance sheets at the historical cost of the property. 

Notes Receivable 

Notes receivable that we intend to hold to maturity are carried at cost, net of any unamortized origination costs, fees, discounts, premiums and unfunded commitments. 

Investment income will be recognized on an accrual basis and any related premium, discount, origination costs and fees are amortized over the life of the investment using the effective interest method. The amortization is reflected as an adjustment to investment income in our statements of operations. 

Income recognition is suspended when, in the opinion of management, a full recovery of income and principal becomes doubtful. When the ultimate collectability of the principal is in doubt, all payments are applied to principal under the cost recovery method. When the ultimate collectability of the principal is not in doubt, contractual interest is recorded as investment income when received, under the cash basis method, until an accrual is resumed when the instrument becomes contractually current and performance is demonstrated to be resumed. 

Credit Losses and Impairment on Notes Receivable 

Notes receivable are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will not be able to collect principal and interest amounts due according to the contractual terms. We assess the credit quality of our notes receivable and adequacy of reserves on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment of management is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated net recoverable value of the notes receivable as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and the status of any senior debt, the quality and financial condition of the borrower and the competitive situation of the area where the underlying collateral is located. Because this determination is based on projections of future economic events, which are inherently subjective, the amount ultimately realized may differ materially from the carrying value as of the balance sheet date. If upon completion of the assessment, the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral is less than the net carrying value of the notes receivable, a reserve is recorded with a corresponding charge to investment income. The reserve for each note receivable is maintained at a level that is determined to be adequate by management to absorb probable losses. 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 

We evaluate all investments in other entities for consolidation. We consider our percentage interest in the joint venture, evaluation of control and whether a variable interest entity exists when determining whether or not the investment qualifies for consolidation or if it should be accounted for as an unconsolidated investment under the equity method of accounting. 

 If an investment qualifies for the equity method of accounting, our investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in net income or loss and cash contributions and distributions. The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment is allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in these agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by each investor. Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of our investment in the respective joint venture and our share of the underlying equity of such unconsolidated entity are amortized over the respective lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These items are reported in the statements of operations as income or loss from investments in unconsolidated entities. 

22 

We review investments for impairment in value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable. An investment is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary. The ultimate realization of our investment in partially owned entities is dependent on a number of factors including the performance of that entity and market conditions. If we determine that a decline in the value of a partially owned entity is other than temporary, we record an impairment charge. 

Treatment of Management Compensation, Expense Reimbursements and Operating Partnership Participation Interest 

Management of our operations is outsourced to our Advisor and certain other affiliates of our Sponsor. Fees related to each of these services are accounted for based on the nature of such service and the relevant accounting literature. Such fees include acquisition fees associated with the purchase of interests in affiliated real estate entities; asset management fees paid to our Advisor and property management fees paid to our Property Manager, which manage certain of the properties we acquire, or to other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management of our hospitality properties. These fees are expensed or capitalized to the basis of acquired assets, as appropriate. 

Our Property Manager may also perform fee-based construction management services for both our re-development activities and tenant construction projects. These fees are considered incremental to the construction effort and will be capitalized to the associated real estate project as incurred . Costs incurred for tenant construction will be depreciated over the shorter of their useful life or the term of the related lease. Costs related to redevelopment activities will be depreciated over the estimated useful life of the associated project. 

Leasing activity at certain of our properties has also been outsourced to our Property Manager. Any corresponding leasing fees we pay are capitalized and amortized over the life of the related lease. 

Expense reimbursements made to both our Advisor and Property Manager will be expensed or capitalized to the basis of acquired assets, as appropriate. 

In connection with our initial public offering, Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor, purchased an aggregate of 30.0 million of special partner interests in the Operating Partnership (the SLP Units at a cost of 100,000 per unit through March 31, 2009, and none thereafter. These SLP units are included in noncontrolling interests on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Income Taxes 

We elected to be taxed and qualify as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2005 . If we remain qualified as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Additionally, even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed income, if any. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). As such, we may still be subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

23 

Results of Operations 

Significant Transactions and Events during 2022 and 2021 

Columbus Joint Venture - Acquisition of Columbus Properties 

On November 29, 2022, we along with CRE Columbus Member Converge ), a majority owned subsidiary of Converge Holdings LLC, a reinsurance business owned by the Sponsor, and LEL Columbus Member LLC (the BVI Member ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Lightstone Enterprises Limited BVI ), a real estate investment company owned by the Sponsor, entered into a joint venture agreement to form Columbus Portfolio Member LLC (the Columbus Joint Venture for the purpose of acquiring nine multifamily properties (the Columbus Properties located in the area of Columbus, Ohio for a contractual purchase price of 465.0 million. We have an ownership interest of 19 in the Columbus Joint Venture. Converge and the BVI Member, which are both related parties, have ownership interests of 19 and 62 , respectively. Additionally, the Manager of the Columbus Joint Venture is LEL Bronx Manager LLC, an entity wholly owned by BVI. 

On November 29, 2022, the Columbus Joint Venture completed the purchase of the Columbus Properties. The acquisition was funded with 74.3 million of cash and 390.7 millio n of aggregate proceeds from preferred investments from unrelated third-parties and loans from two financial institutions. In connection with the acquisition and financings, the total cash paid, including closing, financing and other transaction costs and pro-rations, was 92.3 million and we paid 17.5 million representing our 19.0 pro rata share. In connection with the acquisition, we also paid the Advisor a separate acquisition fee of 2.4 million, equal to 2.75 of our pro-rata share of the contractual purchase price which is reflected in the carrying value of our investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity on the consolidated balance sheets. Commencing on the date of acquisition, we have accounted for our ownership interest in the Columbus Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

Opening of Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 

On October 27, 2022, we substantially completed the development of our wholly owned Lower East Side Moxy Hotel located in the Lower East Side neighborhood in the Manhattan borough of New York City and it opened for business. Additionally, all four of the food and beverage venues within the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel opened during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Closure and Demolition of the St. Augustine Outlet Center 

We wholly owned the St. Augustine Outlet Center, a retail center located in St. Augustine, Florida, which was originally built in 1998 and subsequently acquired by us in 2006 and renovated and further expanded in 2008 to 0.3 million of gross leasable area. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the occupancy of our St. Augustine Outlet Center significantly declined and because of limited leasing success, we began exploring various strategic alternatives for the property. As a result, during the third quarter of 2021, we determined that we would no longer continue to pursue leasing of space to tenants and therefore, began to enter into lease termination agreements with certain tenants and also provided notice to our other tenants that we would not renew their leases at the scheduled expiration of their lease. Due to this change in leasing strategy and resulting decrease in the fair value of the St. Augustine Outlet Center, we recorded a non-cash loss on impairment of real estate of 11.3 million during the third quarter of 2021. 

Because of the aforementioned lease terminations and scheduled expirations, substantially all of the tenants vacated the property during the first quarter of 2022 and on June 29, 2022, we entered into a lease termination agreement with the property s final tenant providing for them to receive an aggregate of 0.8 million provided they vacated the property no later than July 15, 2022. The final tenant vacated the property in July 2022 and we ceased operations of the St. Augustine Outlet Center effective July 15, 2022 and shortly thereafter, commenced demolition of the property s building and improvements in order to prepare the various land parcels for potential sale and/or lease. The demolition of the property s buildings and improvements was substantially completed during the third quarter of 2022 and we recognized a loss on demolition of 16.6 million consisting of the write-off of the carrying value of the property s building and improvements plus related costs. As a result the remaining carrying value of the St. Augustine land and improvements was 4.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and is included in land and improvements on the consolidated balance sheet. 

24 

In connection with the terms of certain of the lease termination agreements, we agreed to make various payments to certain tenants provided they closed their store and vacated the property. We expense lease termination fees in the period the lease termination agreement is executed and such expenses are included in property operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized lease termination fees of 0.8 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 

Disposition of the Santa Clara Project 

In January 2019, we acquired a parcel of land located at 2175 Martin Avenue, Santa Clara, California (the Martin Avenue Land from an unaffiliated third party for 10.6 million. Subsequently, we completed certain activities associated with the potential development and construction of a data center on the Martin Avenue Land (the Santa Clara Project ). 

On July 7, 2021, we disposed of the Santa Clara Project to an unrelated third party for a contractual sales price of 13.9 million. In connection with the disposition of the Santa Clara Project, we recognized a gain on sale of investment property of 0.2 million during the third quarter of 2021. 

The disposition of the Santa Clara Project did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations since it did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. Accordingly, the operating results of the Santa Clara Project are reflected in our results from continuing operations for all periods presented through its date of disposition. 

Sale of Land Parcel 

On May 25, 2021, we completed the disposition of a parcel of land adjacent to the St. Augustine Outlet Center to an unrelated third party for a contractual sales price of 6.8 million and recognized a gain of 3.6 million during the second quarter of 2021, which is included in gain on disposition of real estate, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 

Consolidated 

Rental revenues 

Our rental revenues are comprised of rental income and tenant recovery income. Total rental revenues decreased by 0.8 million to 9.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10.4 million for the same period in 2021. This decrease reflects lower rental revenues of 2.3 million for the St. Augustine Outlet Center resulting from substantially all of its tenants vacating during the first quarter of 2022 and us subsequently ceasing operations of the property effective July 15, 2022, partially offset by higher rental revenues of 1.5 million for Gantry Park Landing resulting from higher occupancy and rental rates. 

Hotel revenues 

Hotel revenues were 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel on October 27, 2022. Hotel revenues consisted of 3.1 million of room revenue and 2.3 million of food, beverage and other revenue. 

Property operating expenses 

Property operating expenses decreased by 0.2 million to 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.2 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower property operating costs of 0.4 million for the St. Augustine Outlet Center, which ceased operations effective July 15, 2022, partially offset by higher property operating expenses of 0.2 million for Gantry Park Landing resulting from higher utility expenses. 

25 

Hotel operating expenses 

Hotel operating expenses were 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel on October 27, 2022. Hotel operating expenses consisted of 2.2 million of room expense and 2.5 million of food and beverage costs. 

Real estate taxes 

Real estate taxes were 0.3 million for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

General and administrative costs 

General and administrative costs were 2.6 million for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Impairment charge 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a third quarter non-cash impairment charge of 11.3 million to reduce the carrying value of our St. Augustine Outlet Center to its estimated fair value. 

Pre-opening costs 

Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. In preparation for the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, which opened on October 27, 2022, we incurred pre-opening costs of 4.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation and amortization decreased by 2.3 million to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.5 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease is attributable to lower depreciation and amortization of 3.1 million for the St. Augustine Outlet Center, which ceased operations effective July 15, 2022 offset by higher depreciation of 0.8 million for t he Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, which opened on October 27, 2022. 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest and dividend income decreased by 4.7 million to 9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 13.8 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease primarily reflects lower interest and dividend income earned on our notes receivable of 4.3 million and preferred investments of 0.4 million. 

Interest expense 

Interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, decreased by 2.7 million to 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.6 million for the same period in 2021. Interest expense is primarily attributable to financings associated with our investments and reflects both changes in market interest rates on our variable rate indebtedness and the weighted average principal outstanding during the periods. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 14.5 million and 8.2 million, respectively, of interest was capitalized to development projects. 

Gain on disposition of real estate 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recognized a gain on disposition of real estate of 1.1 million related to Oakview, a shopping center located in Omaha, Nebraska, which we previously disposed of in September 2017. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an aggregate gain on the disposition of real estate of 3.9 million consisting of a gain of 3.6 million related to the sale of a parcel of land adjacent to the St. Augustine Outlet Center on May 21, 2021 and a gain of 0.2 million related to the sale of the Santa Clara Project on July 7, 2021. 

26 

Loss on demolition 

We ceased operations of the St. Augustine Outlet Center effective July 15, 2022 and shortly thereafter, commenced demolition of the property s building and improvements. During the third quarter of 2022, the demolition was substantially completed and we recognized a loss on demolition of 16.6 million consisting of the write-off of the carrying value of the property s building and improvements plus related costs. 

Unrealized (loss)/gain on marketable equity securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded unrealized losses on marketable equity securities of 13.4 million and during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded unrealized gains on marketable equity securities of 16.5 million. These unrealized gains and losses represented the change in the fair value of our marketable equity securities during those periods. 

Gain on sale of marketable securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain on the sale of marketable securities of 0.6 million and during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain on the sale of marketable securities of 5.9 million. These gains represented the difference between the sales price and carrying value of our marketable securities sold during those periods. 

Mark to market adjustments on derivative financial instruments 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded positive mark to market adjustments on our derivative financial instruments of 3.0 million and during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded positive mark to market adjustments on our derivative financial instruments of 0.2 million. These mark to market adjustments represented the change in the fair value of our interest rate cap contracts during the period. 

Noncontrolling interests 

The net earnings allocated to noncontrolling interests relates to (i) parties of that hold units in the Operating Partnership, (ii) the interest in PRO-DFJV Holdings LLC PRO held by our Sponsor, (iii) the ownership interests in 50-01 2nd St. Associates LLC (the 2nd Street Joint Venture held by our Sponsor and other affiliates and (iv) the ownership interest in various joint ventures held by affiliates of our Sponsor that have originated promissory loans to unaffiliated third-party borrowers. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview : 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 12.2 million of cash on hand, 10.4 million of restricted cash and 45.9 million of marketable securities. We also have the ability to make draws from a line of credit up to 20.0 million, subject to certain conditions (see Notes Payable Line of Credit ). We currently believe that these items along with revenues from our operating properties; interest and dividend income earned on our marketable securities, notes receivable and preferred investment; as well as proceeds received from the sale of our marketable securities, repayment of our notes receivable and redemption of our preferred investment will be sufficient to satisfy our expected cash requirements for at least twelve months from the date of filing this report, which primarily consist of our anticipated operating expenses, scheduled debt service, capital expenditures (including certain of our development activities), contributions to our unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity (Columbus Joint Venture), redemptions and cancellations of shares of our common stock and distributions to our shareholders, if any, required to maintain our status as a REIT for the foreseeable future. However, we may also obtain additional funds through selective asset dispositions, joint venture arrangements, new borrowings and refinancing of existing debt. 

27 

Additionally, we still have remaining costs related to the development and construction of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, which opened on October 27, 2022. These remaining costs are expected to be funded from the remaining availability under existing construction financings as well as lender escrowed funds. See Lower East Side Moxy Hotel for additional information. We also have another development project, our Exterior Street Project, which is currently under development and for which we expect to seek construction financing and/or a joint venture arrangement to fund a substantial portion of its future development and construction costs. See Exterior Street Project for additional information. 

Our borrowings consist of single-property mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. We typically have obtained level payment financing, meaning that the amount of debt service payable would be substantially the same each year. As such, most of the mortgages on our properties provide for so-called balloon payments. 

Additionally, in order to leverage our investments in marketable securities and seek a higher rate of return, we have access to borrowings under a margin loan and line of credit collateralized by the securities held with the financial institution that provided the margin loan and line of credit as well as a portion of our Marco OP Units. These loans are due on demand and any outstanding balance must be paid upon the liquidation of securities. 

Our charter provides that the aggregate amount of borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300 of net assets in the absence of a justification showing that a higher level is appropriate, the approval of the Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders. Net assets means our total assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our total liabilities, calculated at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300 of net assets level must be approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders, along with justification for such excess. As of December 31, 2022, our total borrowings of 265.1 million represented 109 of net assets. 

Any future properties that we may acquire or investments we may make may be funded through a combination of borrowings, proceeds generated from the sale and redemption of our marketable securities, available for sale, proceeds received from the selective disposition of our properties and proceeds received from the redemption of our preferred investments in related parties. These borrowings may consist of single-property mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may be put in place either at the time we acquire a property or subsequent to our purchasing a property for cash. In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject to existing indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing mortgages. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek to encumber our properties with debt, which will be on a non-recourse basis. This means that a lender s rights on default will generally be limited to foreclosing on the property. However, we may, at our discretion, secure recourse financing or provide a guarantee to lenders if we believe this may result in more favorable terms. When we give a guaranty for a property owning entity, we will be responsible to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness if it is not paid by the property owning entity. 

We may also obtain lines of credit to be used to acquire properties or real estate-related assets. These lines of credit will be at prevailing market terms and will be repaid from proceeds from the sale or refinancing of properties, working capital or permanent financing. Our Sponsor or its affiliates may guarantee the lines of credit although they will not be obligated to do so. We expect that such properties may be purchased by our Sponsor s affiliates on our behalf, in our name, in order to minimize the imposition of a transfer tax upon a transfer of such properties to us. 

We have various agreements, including an advisory agreement, with the Advisor to pay certain fees in exchange for services performed by the Advisor and/or its affiliated entities. Additionally, our ability to secure financing and our real estate operations are dependent upon our Advisor and its affiliates to perform such services as provided in these agreements. 

In addition to meeting working capital needs and distributions, if any, to our stockholders, our capital resources are used to make certain payments to our Advisor and its affiliates, including payments related to asset acquisition fees, development fees and leasing commissions, asset management fees, the reimbursement of acquisition related expenses to our Advisor and property management fees. We also reimburse our Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses it incurs for administrative and other services provided to us. Additionally, the Operating Partnership may be required to make distributions to Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor, provided our shareholders. 

The advisory agreement has a one-year term and is renewable for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods upon the mutual consent of the Advisor and our independent directors. 

28 

The following table represents the fees incurred and reimbursement associated with the payments to our Sponsor, Advisor and their affiliates: 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Asset management fees (general and administrative costs) 

825 

849 

Property management fees (property operating expenses) 

295 

362 

Acquisition fees (1) 

2,430 

- 

Development fees and cost reimbursement (2) 

2,681 

3,595 

Total 

6,231 

4,806 

(1) 
 Acquisition fees of 2.4 million were capitalized and are reflected in the carrying value of our investment in the Columbus Joint Venture which is included in investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity on the consolidated balance sheets. 

(2) 
 Development fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs that we pay to the Advisor and its affiliates are capitalized and are included in the carrying value of the associated development project which are classified as development projects on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, we owed the Advisor and its affiliated entities 0.7 million for development fees, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Additionally, we may be required to make distributions on the special general partner interests SLP Units in the Operating Partnership held by Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor provided our stockholders have received a stated preferred return. In connection with our initial public offering, Lightstone SLP, LLC purchased an aggregate of 30.0 million of SLP Units. These SLP Units, the purchase price of which will be repaid only after stockholders receive a stated preferred return and their net investment, entitle Lightstone SLP, LLC to a portion of any regular distributions made by the Operating Partnership. However, any future distributions on the SLP Units will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

During both the of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, distributions of 2.1 million were declared and paid on the SLP units. 

Our charter states that our operating expenses, excluding offering costs, property operating expenses and real estate taxes, as well as acquisition fees and non-cash related items Qualified Operating Expenses are to be less than the greater of 2 of our average invested net assets or 25 of net income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Qualified Operating Expenses were less than the greater of 2 of our average invested net assets or 25 of net income. 

In addition, our charter states that our acquisition fees and expenses shall not exceed 6 of the contractual purchase price or in the case of a mortgage, 6 of funds advanced unless approved by a majority of the independent directors. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the acquisition fees and acquisition expenses were less than 6 of each of the contract prices. 

Summary of Cash Flows. 

The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

8,048 

10,001 

Net cash flows (used in)/provided by investing activities 

(88,497) 

49,161 

Net cash flows provided by/(used in) financing activities 

60,440 

(63,411) 
 
 Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(20,009) 

(4,249) 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

42,592 

46,841 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

22,583 

42,592 

29 

Operating activities 

The net cash provided by operating activities of 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 consists of the following: 

cash outflows of 0.8 million from our net loss after adjustment for non-cash items; and 

cash inflows of 8.8 million associated with the net changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Investing activities 

The net cash used in investing activities of 88.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 consists primarily of the following: 

purchases of investment property principally attributable to our development activities of 64.0 million; 

aggregate proceeds from the full redemption of one of our preferred investments in related parties of 8.5 million; 

aggregate payments related to the acquisition of our 19.0 ownership interest in the Columbus Joint Venture of 20.2 million, including an acquisition fee of 2.4 million paid to our Advisor; 

net proceeds from sales of marketable securities of 4.0 million; and 

net funds used for the issuance of notes receivable of 16.9 million. 

Financing activities 

The net cash provided by financing activities of 60.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily related to the following: 

debt principal payments of 1.4 million; 

net proceeds from mortgage financing of 93.2 million; 

redemption and cancellation of common shares of 4.4 million; 

contributions received from our noncontrolling interests of 21.9 million; 

distributions to our noncontrolling interests of 33.8 million; and 

distributions to our common shareholders of 15.1 million. 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 

In December 2018, we, through a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acquired three adjacent parcels of land located at 147-151 Bowery, in the Lower East Side neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City, from unaffiliated third parties for aggregate consideration of 56.5 million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs. Additionally, in December 2018, we, though a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acquired certain air rights located at 329 Broome Street, also in the Lower East Side neighborhood, from an unaffiliated third party for 2.4 million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs. The land and air rights were acquired for the development and construction of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. On June 3, 2021,we entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Moxy Lower East Side Developer pursuant to which the Lower East Side Moxy Developer is being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft costs incurred in connection with the development and construction of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Advisor and its affiliates are also reimbursed for certain development-related costs attributable to the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. Additionally on June 3, 2021, we obtained construction financing for the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Lower East Side Moxy Hotel opened on October 27, 2022 and all four of its food and beverage venues opened during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

30 

In connection with the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel on October 27, 2022, its aggregate development costs 203.8 million), which were previously included in development projects on the consolidated balance sheets, were placed in service and reclassified to land and improvements 71.5 million), buildings and improvements 117.1 million), and furniture and fixtures 15.2 million) on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In preparation for the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, we incurred pre-opening costs of 4.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred in 2021. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. 

Hotel Franchise Agreement 

The Lower East Side Moxy Hotel operates pursuant to a 30-year franchise agreement (the Hotel Franchise Agreement with Marriott. The Hotel Franchise Agreement provides for us to pay franchise fees and marketing fund charges equal to certain prescribed percentages of gross room sales, as defined. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Hotel Franchise Agreement, we received a key money payment of 4.7 million from Marriott during the fourth quarter of 2022, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and is being amortized as a reduction to franchise fees over the term of the Hotel Franchise Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Hotel Franchise Agreement, we may be obligated to return the unamortized portion of the key money back to Marriott upon the occurrence of certain events. The franchise fees and marketing fund charges are recorded as a component of hotel operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Hotel Management Agreements 

With respect to the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, we have entered into a hotel management agreement, food and beverage operations management agreement and an asset management agreement (collectively, the Hotel Management Agreements with various third-party management companies pursuant to which they provide oversight and management over the operation of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel and its food and beverage venues and receive payment of certain prescribed management fees, generally based on a percentage of revenues and certain incentives for exceeding targeted earnings thresholds. The management fees are recorded as a component of hotel operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Hotel Management Agreements have initial terms ranging from five to 20 years. 

Moxy Construction Loans 

On June 3, 2021, we, through a wholly owned subsidiary, closed on a recourse construction loan facility (the Moxy Senior Loan providing for up to 90.0 million of funds for the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. At closing, 35.6 million of proceeds were initially advanced under the Moxy Senior Loan, which were used to repay in full a then outstanding mortgage loan. The Moxy Senior Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 7.50 , subject to an 7.75 floor, and initially matures on June 3, 2024, with two one-year extension options, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Additionally, the Moxy Senior Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. The Moxy Senior Loan is collateralized by the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Senior Loan was 82.8 million, the interest rate was 11.89 and the remaining availability under the facility was up to 7.2 million, which is expected to be used to fund the remaining construction costs for the project. Additionally, we were required by the lender to deposit the 4.7 million of key money received from Marriott into an escrow account (included in restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022) which may also be used to fund the remaining construction costs for the project. 

Simultaneously on June 3, 2021, we, through the same wholly owned subsidiary, also entered into a mezzanine construction loan facility (the Moxy Junior Loan and together with the Moxy Senior Loan, the Moxy Construction Loans providing for up to 40.0 million of additional funds for the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Junior Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 13.50 , subject to a 14.00 floor, and initially matures on June 3, 2024, with two one-year extension options, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Additionally, the Moxy Junior Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. The Moxy Junior Loan is subordinate to the Moxy Senior Loan but also collateralized by the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. We provided a principal guarantee of up to 7.0 million with respect to the Moxy Junior Loan. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Junior Loan was 40.0 million and its interest rate was 17.89 . 

31 

In connection with the Moxy Construction Loans, we provided certain completion and carry cost guarantees. We also entered into two interest rate cap agreements with notional amounts of 90.0 million and 40.0 million pursuant to which LIBOR through June 30, 2023 and its replacement rate thereafter is capped at 3.00 through June 3, 2024. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loans, we paid 5.3 million of loan fees and expenses and accrued 1.1 million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial maturity date and are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of both December 31 , 2022 and 2021. 

Preferred Investments 

We entered into several agreements with various related party entities that provide for us to make preferred contributions pursuant to certain instruments (the Preferred Investments that entitle us to certain prescribed monthly preferred distributions. During the year ended December 31 , 2022, we redeemed the remaining 8.5 million of the East 11th Street Preferred Investment, which is now fully redeemed. As a result, as of December 31 , 2022, we only have one remaining Preferred Investment, which is the 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment with an outstanding balance of 6.0 million. The fair value of our remaining Preferred Investment approximates its carrying value based on market rates for similar instruments. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

The Preferred Investments are summarized as follows: 

Preferred Investment Balance 

Investment Income (1) 

Dividend 

As of December 31, 

As of December 31, 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Preferred Investments 
 
 Rate 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

40 East End Avenue 
 
 12 

6,000 

6,000 

730 

730 

East 11th Street 
 
 12 

- 

8,500 

593 

1,034 

Total Preferred Investments 

6,000 

14,500 

1,323 

1,764 

Note : 

(1) 
 Included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Notes Receivable 

We formed certain joint ventures (collectively, the NR Joint Ventures between wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership (collectively, the NR Subsidiaries and affiliates of the Sponsor (the NR Affiliates which have originated nonrecourse loans (collectively, the Joint Venture Promissory Notes to unaffiliated third-party borrowers (collectively, the Joint Venture Borrowers ). 

We determined that the NR Joint Ventures are VIEs and the NR Subsidiaries are the primary beneficiaries. Since the NR Subsidiaries are the primary beneficiaries, beginning on the applicable date of formation, we consolidated the operating results and financial condition of the NR Joint Ventures and accounted for the respective ownership interests of the NR Affiliates as noncontrolling interests. 

The Joint Venture Promissory Notes generally provide for monthly interest at a prescribed variable rate, subject to a floor. In connection with the initial funding of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes, the NR Joint Ventures receive origination fees (ranging from 1.00 to 1.50 based on the principal commitment under the loan and retain a portion of the loan proceeds to establish a reserve for interest and other items (the Loan Reserves ). The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are recorded in notes receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Joint Venture Promissory Notes generally have an initial term of one or two years and may provide for additional one-year extension options subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the funding of additional Loan Reserves and payment of extension fees. The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are collateralized by either the membership interests of the Joint Venture Borrowers in the borrowing entity or the underlying real property being developed by the Joint Venture Borrower. 

32 

The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are recorded in notes receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. The origination fees received are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes and are amortized into interest income, using a straight-line method that approximates the effective interest method, over the initial term of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes. The Loan Reserves are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes and are applied against the monthly interest due over the initial term. 

The Notes Receivable are summarized as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Joint Venture/Lender 
 Company s Ownership Percentage 
 Loan Commitment Amount 
 Origination Fee 
 Origination Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Contractual Interest Rate 
 Outstanding Principal 
 Reserves 
 Unamortized Origination Fee 
 Carrying Value 
 Unfunded Commitment 
 
 LSC 1543 7th LLC 
 50 
 49,000 
 1.00 
 March 2, 2022 
 August 31, 2023 
 SOFR plus 7.00 (Floor of 7.15 
 49,000 
 (614) 
 (327) 
 48,059 
 - 

The following summarizes the interest earned (included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations) for each of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes during the periods indicated: 

Joint Venture/Lender 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

LSC 1543 7th LLC 

4,400 

1,802 

LSC 11640 Mayfield LLC 

455 

1,875 

LSC 162nd Capital I LLC 

- 

491 

LSC 162nd Capital II LLC 

- 

1,063 

LSC 1650 Lincoln LLC 

- 

2,317 

LSC 87 Newkirk LLC 

- 

1,585 

Total 

4,855 

9,133 

LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan 

On June 30, 2022, LSC 1543 7th LLC obtained a loan of up to 33.1 million (the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan which bears interest at SOFR + 3.50 (7.86 as of December 31, 2022). The LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan is initially scheduled to mature on December 30, 2023, but may be further extended through December 30, 2024 and September 20, 2025, through the exercise of two extension options. The LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan requires monthly interest-only payments with the outstanding principal balance due at its maturity date and is collateralized by a nonrecourse loan originated by LSC 1543 7th LLC (the LSC 1543 7th LLC Note Receivable ). As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan was 32.2 million. 

Exterior Street Project 

In February 2019, we, through subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership, acquired two adjacent parcels of land located at 355 and 399 Exterior Street in the Mott Haven neighborhood in the Bronx borough of New York City from unaffiliated third parties for an aggregate purchase price of 59.0 million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs. In September 2021, we subsequently acquired an additional adjacent parcel of land at cost from an affiliate of the Advisor for 1.0 million in order to achieve certain zoning compliance. On these three land parcels we plan to construct a proposed mixed-use multifamily residential and commercial retail property (the Exterior Street Project ). Through December 31, 2022, we have incurred and capitalized 93.6 million of costs related to the development of the Exterior Street Project. 

33 

On March 29, 2019, the Company obtained a 35.0 million loan (the Exterior Street Loan from a financial institution which, commencing on October 10, 2020, bore interest at LIBOR plus 2.25 through November 24, 2022. On December 21, 2021, the loan agreement was amended to provide an additional 7.0 million loan (the Exterior Street Supplemental Loan and collectively with the Exterior Street Loan, the Exterior Street Loans which bore interest at LIBOR plus 2.50 through November 24, 2002. The Exterior Street Loans require monthly interest-only payments with the outstanding principal balances due in full at their maturity date. The Exterior Street Loans are collateralized by the Exterior Street Project. On November 22, 2022, we and the financial institution entered into an additional amendment to the Exterior Street Loans pursuant to which the interest rate on the Exterior Street Loans were adjusted to SOFR plus 2.60 (6.96 as of December 31, 2022) and their maturity dates were extended to November 24, 2023. 

The Exterior Street Loan requires monthly interest-only payments with the outstanding balance due in full at its maturity date. The Exterior Street Loan is collateralized by the Exterior Street Project. 

Our Exterior Street Project is currently under development, we expect to seek construction financing and/or a joint venture arrangement to fund a substantial portion of its future development and construction costs. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic as well as other economic conditions and uncertainties may (i) affect our ability to obtain construction financing, and/or (ii) cause delays or increase costs associated with building materials or construction services necessary for construction, which could adversely impact our ability to either ultimately commence and/or complete construction as planned, on budget or at all for the Exterior Street Project. 

SRP 

Our share repurchase program (the SRP may provide our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares of common stock back to us, subject to restrictions. 

On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of all redemptions effective immediately. 

Effective March 15, 2021 and May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors partially reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s death and hardship, respectively, and set the price for all such purchases to our current estimated net asset value per share of common stock, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by us from time to time. Deaths that occurred subsequent to January 1, 2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to certain conditions. Beginning January 1, 2022, requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. On March 18, 2022, the Board of Directors approved an increase to the annual threshold for death redemptions from up to 0.5 to 1.0 . 

At the above noted dates, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, we would not redeem in excess of 1.0 and 0.5 of the number of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption requests are expected to be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceeded the annual limitation. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 371,318 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 11.75. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 143,918 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 11.18. 

DRIP 

Our distribution reinvestment program DRIP provides our shareholders with an opportunity to purchase additional shares of our common stock at a discount by reinvesting distributions. Under our distribution reinvestment program, a shareholder may acquire, from time to time, additional shares of our common stock by reinvesting cash distributions payable by us to such shareholder, without incurring any brokerage commission, fees or service charges. 

The DRIP had been suspended since 2015 until our DRIP Registration Statement on Form S-3D was filed and became effective as amended and restated, under the Securities Act of 1933 on October 25, 2018. 

34 

Pursuant to the DRIP following its reactivation, our stockholders who elect to participate may invest all or a portion of the cash distributions that we pay them on shares of our common stock in additional shares of our common stock without paying any fees or commissions. The purchase price for shares under the DRIP will be equal to 95 of our current NAV per Share, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by us from time to time. Effective on December 8, 2022, the Board of Directors determined our NAV per Share of 12.19, as of September 30, 2022, which resulted in a purchase price for shares under the DRIP of 11.58 per share. As of December 31, 2022, 9.9 million shares remain available for issuance under our DRIP. 

The Board of Directors reserves the right to terminate the DRIP for any reason without cause by providing written notice of termination of the DRIP to all participants. 

Distributions 

Common Shares 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, distributions on our Common Shares were declared quarterly, for each calendar quarter end, at the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.70 per share, or an annualized rate of 7.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter-end. All distributions were paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end. 

Total distributions declared during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 15.4 million and 15.6 million, respectively. On March 15, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and declared a Common Share distribution of 0.175 per share for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023. The quarterly distribution is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.70 per share, or an annualized rate of 7.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter-end. The stockholders have an option to elect the receipt of shares under our DRIP. 

SLP Units 

For both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total distributions declared and paid on the SLP Units were 2.1 million. Additionally, on March 15, 2023, the Operating Partnership declared a quarterly distribution for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023 on the SLP Units at an annualized rate of 7.0 . Any future distributions on the SLP Units will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

Contractual Obligations 

The following is a summary of our contractual obligations outstanding over the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2022. All amounts are based on the initial scheduled maturity date of the related debt. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Mortgage Payable 

75,606 

189,508 

- 

- 

- 

- 

265,114 

Interest Payments 1 

25,628 

11,703 

- 

- 

- 

- 

37,331 

Total Contractual Obligations 

101,234 

201,211 

- 

- 

- 

- 

302,445 

1) 
 These amounts represent future interest payments related to mortgage payable obligations based on the fixed and variable interest rates specified in the associated debt agreement. All variable rate debt agreements are based on the one month LIBOR rate or SOFR rate, as applicable . For purposes of calculating future interest amounts on variable interest rate debt the one-month LIBOR rate or SOFR rate, as applicable as of December 31, 2022 was used. 

35 

Notes Payable 

Margin Loan 

We have access to a margin loan (the Margin Loan from a financial institution that holds custody of certain of our marketable securities. The Margin Loan, which is due on demand, bears interest at LIBOR plus 0.85 (5.24 as of December 31, 2022) and is collateralized by the marketable securities in our account. The amounts available to us under the Margin Loan are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited to the amount of collateral in our account. There were no amounts outstanding under the Margin Loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Line of Credit 

We have a non-revolving credit facility (the Line of Credit with a financial institution that provides for borrowings up to a maximum of 20.0 million, subject to a 55 loan-to-value ratio based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, which matures on November 30, 2024 and bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.35 (5.74 as of December 31, 2022). Additionally, the Line of Credit provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. The Line of Credit is collateralized by an aggregate of 209,243 of Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units and was guaranteed by PRO. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of borrowings available to be drawn under the Line of Credit was 13.5 million. No amounts were outstanding under the Line of Credit as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Debt Maturities 

The Exterior Street Loans (outstanding aggregate principal balance of 42.0 million as of December 31, 2022) mature on November 24, 2023. We currently intend to seek to extend or refinance the Exterior Street Loans on or before their maturity date. 

The LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan (outstanding principal balance of 32.2 million as of December 31, 2022) is scheduled to initially mature on December 30, 2023, but may be further extended through December 30, 2024 and September 20, 2025, through the exercise of two extension options. We currently intend to repay the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan with the proceeds from the expected repayment of the LSC 1543 7th LLC Note Receivable, which has an outstanding principal balance of 49.0 million, or to seek to extend the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan pursuant to its extension option on or before its maturity date. 

However, if we are unable to extend or refinance any of our maturing indebtedness at favorable terms, we will look to repay the then outstanding balance with available cash and/or proceeds from selective asset sales. We have no additional significant maturities of mortgage debt over the next 12 months. 

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations 

The historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings, improvements, and straight-line amortization of intangibles, which implies that the value of a real estate asset diminishes predictably over time. We believe that, because real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business cycle, unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using the historical accounting convention for depreciation and certain other items may be less informative. 

Because of these factors, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure of performance known as funds from operations FFO ), which is used in the REIT industry as a supplemental performance measure. We believe FFO, which excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, is an appropriate supplemental measure of a REIT s operating performance. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We calculate FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the standards established over time by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as restated in a White Paper approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT effective in December 2018 (the White Paper ). The White Paper defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. Our FFO calculation complies with NAREIT s definition. 

36 

We believe that the use of FFO provides a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 

Changes in the accounting and reporting promulgations under GAAP that were put into effect in 2009 subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT s definition of FFO, such as the change to expense as incurred rather than capitalize and depreciate acquisition fees and expenses incurred for business combinations, have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, as items that are expensed under GAAP across all industries. These changes had a particularly significant impact on publicly registered, non-listed REITs, which typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early part of their existence, particularly during the period when they are raising capital through ongoing initial public offerings. 

Because of these factors, the Investment Program Association (the IPA ), an industry trade group, published a standardized measure of performance known as modified funds from operations MFFO ), which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure for publicly registered, non-listed REITs. MFFO is designed to be reflective of the ongoing operating performance of publicly registered, non-listed REITs by adjusting for those costs that are more reflective of acquisitions and investment activity, along with other items the IPA believes are not indicative of the ongoing operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT, such as straight-lining of rents as required by GAAP. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we believe that both before and after we have deployed all of our offering proceeds and are no longer incurring a significant amount of acquisition fees or other related costs, it reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the IPA s Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from Operations (the Practice Guideline issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO further adjusted for acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses and other items. In calculating MFFO, we follow the Practice Guideline and exclude acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses (which includes costs incurred in connection with strategic alternatives), amounts relating to deferred rent receivables and amortization of market lease and other intangibles, net (which are adjusted in order to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments), accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments and borrowings, mark-to-market adjustments included in net income (including gains or losses incurred on assets held for sale), gains or losses included in net income from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan, unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. Certain of the above adjustments are also made to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, such as for the amortization of a premium and accretion of a discount on debt and securities investments, amortization of fees, any unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives, securities or other investments, as well as other adjustments. 

MFFO excludes non-recurring impairment of real estate-related investments. We assess the credit quality of our investments and adequacy of reserves on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated net recoverable value of a loan as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and the status of any senior debt, the prospects for the borrower and the competitive situation of the region where the borrower does business. 

We believe that, because MFFO excludes costs that we consider more reflective of acquisition activities and other non-operating items, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance after the period in which we are acquiring properties and once our portfolio is stabilized. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT industry and allows for an evaluation of our performance against other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. 

Not all REITs, including publicly registered, non-listed REITs, calculate FFO and MFFO the same way. Accordingly, comparisons with other REITs, including publicly registered, non-listed REITs, may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations as determined under GAAP as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our liquidity, or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with other GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. FFO and MFFO should not be construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability in evaluating our operating performance. The methods utilized to evaluate the performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT under GAAP should be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance and considered more prominently than the non-GAAP measures, FFO and MFFO, and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. 

37 

Neither the SEC, NAREIT, the IPA nor any other regulatory body or industry trade group has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO or MFFO. In the future, NAREIT, the IPA or another industry trade group may publish updates to the White Paper or the Practice Guidelines or the SEC or another regulatory body could standardize the allowable adjustments across the publicly registered, non-listed REIT industry, and we would have to adjust our calculation and characterization of FFO or MFFO accordingly. 

The below table illustrates the items deducted in the calculation of FFO and MFFO. Items are presented net of non-controlling interest portions where applicable. 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net (loss)/income 

(26,024) 

23,963 

FFO adjustments: 

Depreciation and amortization 

3,226 

5,523 

Adjustments to equity earnings from unconsolidated affiliated entity 

308 

- 

Gain on disposal of investment property 

(1,154) 

(3,947) 
 
 Loss on demolition 

16,602 

- 

Impairment charge 

- 

11,341 

FFO 

(7,042) 

36,880 

MFFO adjustments: 

Noncash adjustments: 

Amortization of above or below market leases and liabilities (1) 

- 

- 

Mark to market adjustments (2) 

10,327 

(16,650) 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment (3) 

- 

103 

Gain on sale of marketable securities (3) 

(566) 

(5,882) 
 
 MFFO 

2,719 

14,451 

Straight-line rent (4) 

29 

5 

MFFO - IPA recommended format 

2,748 

14,456 

Net (loss)/income 

(26,024) 

23,963 

Less: income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(1,690) 

(4,880) 
 
 Net (loss)/income applicable to Company s common shares 

(27,714) 

19,083 

Net (loss)/income per common share, basic and diluted 

(1.26) 

0.86 

FFO 

(7,042) 

36,880 

Less: FFO attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(2,752) 

(5,799) 
 
 FFO attributable to Company s common shares 

(9,794) 

31,081 

FFO per common share, basic and diluted 

(0.45) 

1.40 

MFFO - IPA recommended format 

2,748 

14,456 

Less: MFFO attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(3,344) 

(4,755) 
 
 MFFO attributable to Company s common shares 

(596) 

9,701 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

21,959 

22,254 

38 

Notes : 

(1) 
 Under GAAP, certain intangibles are accounted for at cost and reviewed at least annually for impairment, and certain intangibles are assumed to diminish predictably in value over time and amortized, similar to depreciation and amortization of other real estate related assets that are excluded from FFO. However, because real estate values and market lease rates historically rise or fall with market conditions, management believes that by excluding charges relating to amortization of these intangibles, MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the performance of the real estate. 

(2) 
 Management believes that adjusting for mark-to-market adjustments is appropriate because they are nonrecurring items that may not be reflective of ongoing operations and reflects unrealized impacts on value based only on then current market conditions, although they may be based upon current operational issues related to an individual property or industry or general market conditions. The need to reflect mark-to-market adjustments is a continuous process and is analyzed on a quarterly and/or annual basis in accordance with GAAP. 

(3) 
 Management believes that adjusting for gains or losses related to extinguishment/sale of debt, derivatives or securities holdings is appropriate because they are items that may not be reflective of ongoing operations. By excluding these items, management believes that MFFO provides supplemental information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other reporting periods. 

(4) 
 Under GAAP, rental receipts are allocated to periods using various methodologies. This may result in income recognition that is significantly different than underlying contract terms. By adjusting for these items (to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments), MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the realized economic impact of lease terms and debt investments, providing insight on the contractual cash flows of such lease terms and debt investments, and aligns results with management s analysis of operating performance. 

The table below presents our cumulative distributions paid and cumulative FFO: 

From inception through 

December 31, 2022 

FFO attributable to Company s common shares 

256,939 

Distributions paid 

278,737 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid cash distributions of 15.1 million. Cash flow from operations was 3.3 million and FFO attributable to our common shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 was negative 9.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid cash distributions of 15.3 million. Cash flow from operations was 10.0 million and FFO attributable to our common shares for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 31.1 million. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning accounting standards that we have not yet been required to adopt and may be applicable to our future operations. 

39 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 (a Maryland corporation) 

Index 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical
audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Net Investment Property Indicators of Impairment 

As of December 31,
2022, the Company had net investment property, net of accumulated depreciation, of approximately 266.1 million. As more fully described
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company evaluates its investments in real estate for impairment at the lowest identifiable
level, the individual property level, whenever events or change in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a particular property
may not be recoverable. The Company utilizes judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact that there are
a number of indicators of less severity that when combined, would result in an indication that the individual property requires an estimate
of the undiscounted cash flows to determine if an impairment has occurred. The Company considers relevant facts and circumstances which
may include the significant underperformance of an investment property relative to historical or projected future operating results as
well as significant negative industry or economic trends. When such conditions exist, the Company performs a recoverability analysis
to determine if the estimated undiscounted projected cash flows from operations and the estimated proceeds from the ultimate disposition
of an investment property exceed the property s carrying values. The Company estimates undiscounted cash flows of an investment
property using observable and unobservable inputs such as historical and projected cash flows, net operating income, current market and
other applicable trends, estimated capitalization rates, and residual values. In the event the analysis indicates that a potential impairment
exists, the Company will perform an additional analysis to assess the recoverability of the carrying value of the investment property. 

F- 2 

We identified the assessment of indicators of impairment as a critical audit matter due to significant judgment made by management in identifying indicators of impairment. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort in performing procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions related to the assessment of impairment indicators including identifying events and circumstances that exist that would indicate the carrying amount of investment property may not be recoverable. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment evaluation. Our procedures
included, among others, assessing the methodologies applied and identifying the existence of any triggering events, including comparing
actual operating results to budgeted and historical operating results, comparing actual operating results to projected future operating
results, and comparing actual, budgeted and projected occupancy percentages, and considering if the determination was reasonable considering
the past and current performance of the property and if consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. We tested the
completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management in its evaluation. We held discussions with management about the
current status of certain properties to understand how management s significant estimates and assumptions are developed considering
potential future market conditions. 

Notes Receivable Indicators of Impairment 

As of December 31,
2022, the Company had notes receivable, net of reserves of 48.1 million. As more fully described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company considers notes receivable impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that
the Company will not be able to collect principal and interest amounts due according to the contractual terms. The Company considers
the estimated net recoverable value of the notes receivable as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of
any collateral, the amount and status of any senior debt, the quality and financial condition of the borrower and the competitive situation
of the area where the underlying collateral is located. 

We identified the notes receivable impairment evaluation as a critical audit matter due to significant judgment that was necessary by management when assessing whether it is probable that the debtor will pay the outstanding balances timely and whether it is probable that such repayments will be collected in accordance with their contractual terms. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity and significant audit effort was required in performing procedures to evaluate management s analysis of the expected recovery of the notes receivable. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment evaluation.
Our procedures included, among others, testing the status of collection of principal and interest according to the contractual terms,
obtaining audit evidence relating to the financial condition of the borrower, and obtaining an understanding of the competitive situation
of the area where the underlying collateral is located. We held discussions with management about the current status of each note receivable
and management s judgments to understand the probability of future events that could result in the Company not being able to collect
principal and interest. We reviewed audit evidence related to the fair value of the underlying collateral. When assessing the assumptions
related to the collectability of principal and interest according to the contractual terms we evaluated whether the assumptions used
were reasonable and considered whether they were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

New York, 

 March 30, 2023 

F- 3 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investment property: 

Land and improvements 

Building and improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Gross investment property 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Net investment property 

Development projects 

Investments in related parties 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliated entity 

- 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Notes receivable, net 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Mortgages payable, net 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Distributions payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Company s Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred shares, par value, million shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value; million shares authorized, million and million shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated surplus 

Total Company s stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Rental revenues 

Hotel revenues 

- 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Hotel operating expenses 

- 

Real estate taxes 

General and administrative costs 

Impairment charge 

- 

Pre-opening costs 

- 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total expenses 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on disposition of real estate 

Gain on sale of marketable securities 

Loss on demolition 

() 

- 

Unrealized (loss)/gain on marketable equity securities 

() 

Mark to market adjustments on derivative financial instruments 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 
 
 Net (loss)/income 

() 

Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 
 
 Net (loss)/income attributable to Company s common shares 

() 

Basic and diluted net (loss)/income per Company s common share: 

Net (loss)/income per Company s common shares, basic and diluted 

() 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net (loss)/income 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Holding gain on available for sale debt securities 

Reclassification adjustment for gain included in net (loss)/income 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss: 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss)/income 

() 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to the Company s common shares 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

Common 

Additional 
 Paid-In 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Noncontrolling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Loss 

Surplus 

Interests 

Equity 

BALANCE,
 December 31, 2020 

Net
 income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions
 declared (a) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Distributions
 paid to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions
 received from noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption
 and cancellation of shares 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Shares
 issued from distribution reinvestment program 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BALANCE,
 December 31, 2021 

() 

(a) 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions declared (a) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions received from noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Shares issued from distribution reinvestment program 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

() 

(a) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss)/income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)/income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on disposition of real estate 

() 

() 
 
 Loss on demolition 

- 

Impairment charge 

- 

Mark to market adjustments on derivative financial instruments 

() 

() 
 
 Unrealized loss/(gain) on marketable equity securities 

() 
 
 Gain on sale of marketable securities 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Noncash interest income 

() 

() 
 
 Other non-cash adjustments 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in other assets 

() 

() 
 
 Increase
 in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Increase/(decrease) in due to related parties 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of development property and investment property 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 

Proceeds from disposition of real estate 

- 

Investment in joint venture 

- 

() 
 
 Distributions from joint venture 

Proceeds from redemption of preferred investment in related party 

- 

Funding of notes receivable 

() 

- 

Release of reserves on notes receivable 

() 

- 

Proceeds from repayment of notes receivable 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 

() 

- 

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from mortgage financing 

Mortgage principal payments 

() 

() 
 
 Payment of loan fees and expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Redemption and cancellation of common shares 

() 

() 
 
 Contributions received from noncontrolling interests 

Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions paid to Company s common stockholders 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 

() 

Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statement 

F- 8 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions) 

 majority ownership interest in 50-01 2nd St. Associates LLC (the 2nd Street Joint Venture ), a joint venture between the Company and a related party, which developed, constructed and owns a 199-unit luxury, multifamily residential property Gantry Park Landing ), located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. 

With respect to its consolidated development property, the Company wholly owns land parcels located at 355 399 Exterior Street in the Mott Haven neighborhood in the Bronx borough of New York City, on which it plans to construct a proposed mixed-use multifamily residential and commercial retail project (the Exterior Street Project ). 

The Company also wholly owns and consolidate certain adjacent land parcels (the St. Augustine Land Holdings) located in St. Augustine, Florida. 

Additionally, the Company holds a 19.0 joint venture ownership interest in Columbus Portfolio Member LLC (the Columbus Joint Venture ), which owns nine multifamily residential properties, which its accounts for using the equity method of accounting and it holds a joint venture ownership interest in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture which owns seven hotel properties, which the Company accounts for using a measurement alternative under which the Hotel Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any. Both the Columbus Joint Venture and the Hotel Joint Venture are between the Company and related parties. 

The Company s advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On July 6, 2004, the Advisor contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Common Units. The Company s Advisor also owns shares of the Company s common stock Common Shares which were issued on July 6, 2004 for , or per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is the majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group, LLC served as the sponsor (the Sponsor during the Company s initial public offering (the Offering ), which terminated on October 10, 2008. The Company s Advisor, together with its board of directors (the Board of Directors ), is primarily responsible for making investment decisions on the Company s behalf and managing its day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns an aggregate of million of special general partner interests SLP Units in the Operating Partnership which were purchased, at a cost of per unit, in connection with the Company s Offering. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone REIT I or the Operating Partnership. 

The Company does not have any employees. The Advisor receives compensation and fees for services related to the investment and management of the Company s assets. 

The Company s Advisor has affiliates which may manage and develop certain of its properties. However, the Company also contracts with other unaffiliated third-party property managers. 

The Company s Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its stock for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority of independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders. The Company does not intend to list its shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate that there would be any market for its shares of common stock until they are listed for trading. 

Related Parties 

The Sponsor, Advisor and its affiliates, and Lightstone SLP, LLC are related parties of the Company as well as other public REITs also sponsored and/or advised by these entities. Certain of these entities are entitled to compensation for services related to the investment, management and disposition of the Company s assets. The compensation is based on the cost of acquired properties/investments and the annual revenue earned from such properties/investments, and other such fees and expense reimbursements as outlined in each of the respective agreements. 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Partners of Operating Partnership 

On July 6, 2004, the Advisor contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Common Units in the Operating Partnership. The Advisor has the right to convert the Common Units into cash or, at the option of the Company, an equal number of shares of Common Shares. 

In connection with the Offering, Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor, purchased an aggregate of million of SLP Units. As the majority owner of the SLP Units, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a interest in such SLP Units and thus receives an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. These SLP Units may be entitled to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that the Company makes to its stockholders, but only after the Company s stockholders have received a stated preferred return. 

In addition, an aggregate Common Units were issued to other unrelated parties during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009 and remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Other Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Other noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries include the joint venture ownership interests held by either the Sponsor or its affiliates in (i) Pro-DFJV Holdings LLC PRO ), (ii) the 2nd Street Joint Venture and (iii) other entities that have originated promissory notes to unaffiliated third parties (see Note 6). PRO s holdings principally consist of Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units (see Note 7). The 2nd Street Joint Venture owns Gantry Park Landing. 

See Note 11 for further discussion of noncontrolling interests. 

Current Environment 

The Company s operating results are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, the Company s business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets volatility, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters, terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships, inflation and recession. 

The Company s overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, and developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial performance. 

 general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate and real estate-related investments, depreciable lives, and revenue recognition. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Investments in entities where the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but does not exercise financial and operating control, and is not considered to be the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity will be accounted for using the equity method. Investments in entities where the Company has virtually no influence are accounted for using a measurement alternative under which the entity is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Supplemental cash flow information for the periods indicated is as follows: 

Distributions declared but not paid 

Accrued development costs 

Amortization of deferred financing costs included in development projects 

Holding gain/loss on available for sale debt securities 

Value of shares issued from distribution reinvestment program 

Accrued loan exit fee included in deferred financing costs 

- 

of the Company s total assets to be made at the Company s discretion, subject to compliance with any REIT or other restrictions. 

The following table represents the total hotel revenues on a disaggregated basis: 

Food, beverage and other revenue 

Total hotel revenues 

Accounting for Development Projects 

The Company incurs a variety of costs in the development of a property. The costs of land and building under development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include, but are not limited to, pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes and other costs incurred during the period of development. The Company ceases capitalization when the development project is substantially complete and placed in service, which may occur in phases . Determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. The Company expenses the costs associated with pre-opening activities associated with its development and construction projects as incurred. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. 

Once a development project is placed in service, which may occur in phases or for an entire building or project, the costs capitalized to that development project are transferred to land and improvements, buildings and improvements, and furniture and fixtures on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at the historical cost of the property. 

Impairment Evaluation 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of its investments in real estate assets at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 

The Company evaluates the long-lived assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the undiscounted projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount for a particular property. No single indicator would necessarily result in the Company preparing an estimate to determine if a long-lived asset s future undiscounted cash flows are less than its book value. The Company uses judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact there are a number of indicators of less severity that when combined, would result in an indication that a long-lived asset requires an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows to determine if an impairment has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include, among others, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results and significant negative industry or economic trends. The estimated cash flows used for the impairment analysis are subjective and require the Company to use its judgment and the determination of estimated fair value are based on the Company s plans for the respective assets and the Company s views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider matters such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand, competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties. Changes in estimated future cash flows due to changes in the Company s plans or views of market and economic conditions could result in recognition of impairment losses, which, under the applicable accounting guidance, may be substantial. 

Notes Receivable and Preferred Investments 

Notes receivable and preferred investments that the Company intends to hold to maturity are carried at cost, net of any unamortized origination costs, fees, discounts, premiums and unfunded commitments. 

Investment income will be recognized on an accrual basis and any related premium, discount, origination costs and fees are amortized over the life of the investment using the effective interest method. The amortization is reflected as an adjustment to investment income in the Company s statements of operations. 

Income recognition is suspended when, in the opinion of management, a full recovery of income and principal becomes doubtful. When the ultimate collectability of the principal is in doubt, all payments are applied to principal under the cost recovery method. When the ultimate collectability of the principal is not in doubt, contractual interest is recorded as investment income when received, under the cash basis method, until an accrual is resumed when the instrument becomes contractually current and performance is demonstrated to be resumed. 

Credit Losses and Impairment on Notes Receivable 

Notes receivable are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect principal and interest amounts due according to the contractual terms. The Company assesses the credit quality of our notes receivable and adequacy of reserves on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment of management is required in this analysis. The Company considers the estimated net recoverable value of the notes receivable as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and the status of any senior debt, the quality and financial condition of the borrower and the competitive situation of the area where the underlying collateral is located. Because this determination is based on projections of future economic events, which are inherently subjective, the amount ultimately realized may differ materially from the carrying value as of the balance sheet date. If upon completion of the assessment, the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral is less than the net carrying value of the notes receivable, a reserve is recorded with a corresponding charge to investment income. The reserve for each note receivable is maintained at a level that is determined to be adequate by management to absorb probable losses. 

Credit Losses and Impairment on Preferred Investments 

Preferred investments that are accounted for as held to maturity are assessed for impairment at the individual investment level when there is a decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis that is deemed to be other than temporary. In making the determination of an other-than-temporary impairment assessment, the Company considers all available information relevant to the collectability of the investment, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts when developing the estimate of cash flows expected to be collected. This information includes the remaining redemption terms of the investment, financial condition of the issuer, expected defaults and the value of any underlying collateral. In assessing whether the entire amortized cost basis of the investment will be recovered, the Company compares the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the investment with the amortized cost basis and records an impairment based on the amount by which the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis of the investment. 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 

The Company evaluates its investments in other entities for consolidation. It considers its percentage interest in the joint venture, evaluation of control and whether a VIE exists when determining whether or not the investment qualifies for consolidation or if it should be accounted for as an unconsolidated investment under the equity method of accounting. 

If an investment qualifies for the equity method of accounting, the Company s investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in net income (loss) and cash contributions and distributions. The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment is allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in these agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by each investor. Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of our investment in the respective joint venture and the Company s share of the underlying equity of such unconsolidated entity are amortized over the respective lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These items are reported in the statements of operations as income or loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities. 

The Company reviews investments for impairment in value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable. An investment is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary. The ultimate realization of the Company s investment in partially owned entities is dependent on a number of factors including the performance of that entity and market conditions. If the Company determines that a decline in the value of a partially owned entity is other than temporary, it will record an impairment charge. 

for buildings and improvements and for furniture and fixtures. Expenditures for tenant improvements and construction allowances paid to commercial tenants are capitalized and amortized over the initial term of each lease or the estimated useful life, if shorter. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

material uncertain income tax positions. 

The fair value of the mortgages payable was determined by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by estimated current market interest rates. 

million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs. In September 2021, the Company subsequently acquired an additional adjacent parcel of land at cost from an affiliate of its Advisor for 1.0 million in order to achieve certain zoning compliance. On these three land parcels the Company plans to construct a proposed mixed-use multifamily residential and commercial retail property (the Exterior Street Project ). 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 

In December 2018, the Company, through a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acquired three adjacent parcels of land located at 147-151 Bowery, in the Lower East Side neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City, from unaffiliated third parties for aggregate consideration of million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs. Additionally, in December 2018, the Company, though a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acquired certain air rights located at 329 Broome Street in the Lower East Side neighborhood, from an unaffiliated third party for million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs. The land and air rights were acquired for the development and construction of a 296-room Marriott Moxy hotel (the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel ). On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Moxy Lower East Side Developer pursuant to which the Lower East Side Moxy Developer is being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft costs incurred in connection with the development and construction of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Advisor and its affiliates are also reimbursed for certain development-related costs attributable to the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. Additionally on June 3, 2021, the Company obtained construction financing for the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Lower East Side Moxy Hotel opened on October 27, 2022 and all four of its food and beverage venues opened during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

In connection with the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel on October 27, 2022, its aggregate development costs million), which were previously included in development projects on the consolidated balance sheets, were placed in service and reclassified to land and improvements 71.5 million), buildings and improvements 117.1 million), and furniture and fixtures 15.2 million) on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 13. 

In preparation for the opening of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, the Company incurred pre-opening costs of 4.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred in 2021. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. 

Santa Clara Project 

In January 2019, the Company acquired a parcel of land located at 2175 Martin Avenue, Santa Clara, California (the Martin Avenue Land from an unaffiliated third party for million. Subsequently, the Company completed certain activities associated with the potential development and construction of a data center on the Martin Avenue Land (the Santa Clara Project ). 

On July 7, 2021, the Company disposed of the Santa Clara Project to an unrelated third party for a contractual sales price of million. In connection with the disposition of the Santa Clara Data Center, the Company recognized a gain of million during the third quarter of 2021, which is included in gain on disposition of real estate, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The disposition of the Santa Clara Project did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations since it did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. Accordingly, the operating results of the Santa Clara Project are reflected in the Company s results from continuing operations for all periods presented through its date of disposition. 

The following is a summary of the amounts incurred and capitalized to each of the Company s development projects as of the dates indicated and the amounts of interest capitalized to each of the Company s development projects for the periods indicated: 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel 

- 

Total 

million. The Company has an ownership interest of 19 in the Columbus Joint Venture. Converge and the BVI Member , which are both related parties, have ownership interests of and , respectively. Additionally, the Manager of the Columbus Joint Venture is LEL Bronx Manager LLC Manager ), an entity wholly owned by BVI. 

On November 29, 2022, the 

The Company has determined that the Columbus Joint Venture is a variable interest entity but the Company is not the primary beneficiary. The Company accounts for its ownership interest in the Columbus Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because it exerts significant influence over but does not control the Columbus Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Columbus Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from the Columbus Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Columbus Joint Venture s operating agreement. The Company commenced recording its allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions beginning as of November 29, 2022 with respect to its membership interest of 19.0 in the Columbus Joint Venture. 

In connection with the closing of the Columbus Properties, the Columbus Joint Venture simultaneously entered into two mortgage loans from financial institutions in the aggregate amount of 300.7 million and received two preferred investments from unaffiliated third parties in the aggregate amount of 90.0 million (collectively, the Loans The Loans are collateralized by the Columbus Properties. The Sponsor (the Guarantor has fully guaranteed the Columbus Joint Venture s obligation to repay the outstanding balance of the Loans (the Loan Guarantee ). Each of the joint venture members have agreed to reimburse the Guarantor for their pro rata share of any balance that may become due under the Loan Guarantee, of which the Company s share is up to 19 of the outstanding balance. The Company has determined that the fair value of the Loan Guarantee is immaterial. 

Columbus Joint Venture Financial Information 

The following table represents the condensed statement of operations for the Columbus Joint Venture: 

Property operating expenses 

General and administrative costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating income 

Interest expense and other, net 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

Company s share of net loss (19.0 

() 
 
 Additional depreciation and amortization expense (1) 

() 
 
 Company s loss from investment (2) 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

The following table represents the condensed balance sheet for the Columbus Joint Venture: 

Cash and restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Mortgages payable, net 

Other liabilities 

Members equity 

Total liabilities and members equity 

million of its East 11th Street Preferred Investment, which is now fully redeemed. As a result, as of December 31 , 2022, the Company only has one remaining Preferred Investment, which is its 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment with an outstanding balance of million. The fair value of the Company s remaining Preferred Investment approximates its carrying value based on market rates for similar instruments. 

The Preferred Investments are summarized as follows: 

East 11th Street 

- 

Total Preferred Investments 

Note : 

(1) 

40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment 

In May 2015, the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which it made aggregate contributions of million in 40 East End Ave. Pref Member LLC (the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ), a related party entity. The 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture is a joint venture between an affiliate of our Sponsor and Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone REIT IV ), a related-party REIT also sponsored by the Company s Sponsor, which developed and constructed a luxury residential condominium project consisting of 29 units (the 40 East End Avenue Project located at the corner of 81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan of New York City. The 40 East End Avenue Project received its final temporary certificates of occupancy, or TCO, in March 2020 and through December 31, 2022, 21 of the condominium units had been sold. 

Contributions were made pursuant to an instrument, the 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment, that is entitled to monthly preferred distributions, initially at a rate of per annum which increased to per annum upon procurement of construction financing in March 2017, and is redeemable by the Company beginning on April 27, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company redeemed million of the 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment. In February 2020, the Company redeemed an additional million of the 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment which reduced the remaining outstanding balance to 6.0 million. 

East 11th Street Preferred Investment 

On April 21, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement, as amended, with various related party entities pursuant to which it to made aggregate contributions of million in an affiliate of its Sponsor (the East 11 th Street Developer which developed and constructed a Marriott Moxy Hotel located at 112-120 East 11th Street in New York, New York. Contributions were made pursuant to an instrument, the East 11th Street Preferred Investment, that entitled us to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of per annum. During 2019 and 2018, the Company redeemed million and million, respectively of the East 11th Street Preferred Investment. During 2022, the Company redeemed the remaining 8.5 million of the East 11th Street Preferred Investment, which is now fully redeemed. 

The Hotel Joint Venture 

During 2015, the Company formed the Hotel Joint Venture with Lightstone REIT II. The Company has a 2.5 membership interest in the Hotel Joint Venture and Lightstone REIT II holds the remaining 97.5 membership interest. The Hotel Joint Venture holds ownership interests in seven hotels as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company accounts for its membership interest in the Hotel Joint Venture using a measurement alternative under which the Hotel Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of its investment was million and million, respectively, which is included in investments in related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. 

to based on the principal commitment under the loan and retain a portion of the loan proceeds to establish a reserve for interest and other items (the Loan Reserves ). The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are recorded in notes receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Joint Venture Promissory Notes generally have an initial term of one or two years and may provide for additional extension options subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the funding of additional Loan Reserves and payment of extension fees. The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are collateralized by either the membership interests of the Joint Venture Borrowers in the borrowing entity or the underlying real property being developed by the Joint Venture Borrower. 

Origination fees are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes and are amortized in to interest income, using a straight-line method that approximates the effective interest method, over the initial term of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes. The Loan Reserves are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes and are applied against the monthly interest due over the term. 

During the years ended December 31 , 2022 and 2021, both the NR Subsidiaries and the NR Affiliates made aggregate contributions to the NR Joint Ventures of million and million, respectively. Additionally, during the years ended December 31 , 2022 and 2021, the NR Joint Ventures made aggregate distributions to both the NR Subsidiaries and NR Affiliates of million and million, respectively, based on their respective membership interests. 

The Notes Receivable are summarized as follows: 

() 

() 

- 

As
 of December 31, 2021 

Joint
 Venture/Lender 
 
 Company s 
 Ownership Percentage 

Loan 
 Commitment Amount 

Origination
 Fee 

Origination 
 Date 
 
 Maturity
 Date 
 
 Contractual 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Outstanding
 Principal 

Reserves 

Unamortized
 Origination Fee 

Carrying 
 Value 

Unfunded
 Commitment 

LSC
 1543 7th LLC (1) 

- 

() 

- 

LSC
 11640 Mayfield LLC (2) 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Notes : 

(1) 

(2) 

The following summarizes the interest earned (included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations) for each of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes during the periods indicated: 

LSC 11640 Mayfield LLC 

LSC 162nd Capital I LLC 

- 

LSC 162nd Capital II LLC 

- 

LSC 1650 Lincoln LLC 

- 

LSC 87 Newkirk LLC 

- 

Total 

- 

() 

Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units 

- 

() 

Debt
 securities : 

Corporate Bonds 

- 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Adjusted Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Marketable
 Securities : 

Equity
 securities : 

Common and Preferred Equity Securities 

() 

Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units 

- 

() 

Debt
 securities : 

Corporate Bonds 

- 

() 

Total 

() 

As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held an aggregate of Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units, of which were owned by PRO. The Marco OP Units and the Marco II OP Units are both exchangeable for a similar number of common operating partnership units Simon OP Units of Simon Property Group, L.P., Simon OP ), the operating partnership of Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Inc. ), a public REIT that is an owner and operator of shopping malls and outlet centers. Subject to the various conditions, the Company may elect to exchange the Marco OP Units and/or the Marco II OP Units to Simon OP Units which must be immediately delivered to Simon Inc. in exchange for cash or similar number of shares of Simon Inc. s common stock Simon Stock ). Accordingly, the Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units are valued based on the closing price of Simon Stock, which was per share and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the closing price of Simon Stock was per share as of December 31, 2020. 

Throughout 2022, financial markets have been experiencing significant increases in interest rates primarily as a result of higher inflation, leading to the substantially lower market prices of the Company equity s securities, especially those highly sensitive to movements in interest rates, such are REITs and preferred securities. Because of the change in the closing price of Simon Stock and the market price of the Company s other equity securities, the Company incurred unrealized losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to unrealized gains of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. These unrealized losses and gains incurred on the Company s marketable equity securities are included in its consolidated statements of operations. 

Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain of the Company s marketable debt securities had gross unrealized losses of and , respectively. However, the Company does not consider these declines in market value to be other than temporary in nature. When evaluating the debt investments for other-than-temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required to sell, the investment before recovery of the investment s amortized cost basis. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment charges. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not consider any of its investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

The Company may sell certain of its investments prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for duration management. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company has entered into two interest rate cap contracts with unrelated financial institutions in order to reduce the effect of interest rate fluctuations or risk of certain real estate investment s interest expense on its variable rate debt. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparty to these financial instruments. Management believes the risk of loss due to non-performance to be minimal. 

The Company is accounting for the interest rate cap contracts as economic hedges, marking these contracts to market, taking into account present interest rates compared to the contracted fixed rate over the life of the contract and recording the unrealized gain or loss on the interest rate cap contracts on the consolidated statements of operations. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded mark to market adjustments on derivative financial instruments of 3.0 million and 0.2 million on the consolidated statements of operations, representing the change in the fair value of these economic hedges during such periods. 

The two interest rate cap contracts have notional amounts of 90.0 million and 40.0 million, respectively, and effectively cap the LIBOR through June 30, 2023 and its replacement rate thereafter at 3.00 . Both interest rate cap contracts mature on June 3, 2024. The aggregate fair value of the interest rate cap contracts was 3.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and is included in prepaid expenses, restricted cash and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

The standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Marketable securities, available for sale, and derivative financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated are as follows: 

- 

Marco OP and OP II Units 

- 

- 

Corporate Bonds 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

Derivative Financial Instruments : 

Interest Rate Cap Contracts 

- 

3,279 

- 

3,279 

Fair Value Measurement Using 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Marketable Securities : 

Common and Preferred Equity Securities 

- 

Marco OP and OP II Units 

- 

- 

Corporate Bonds 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

The fair values of the Company s common equity securities are measured using readily quoted prices for these investments which are listed for trade on active markets. The fair values of the Company s preferred equity securities and corporate bonds are measured using readily available quoted prices for these securities; however, the markets for these securities are not active. Additionally, as noted and disclosed above, the Company s Marco OP and OP II units are both ultimately exchangeable for cash or similar number of shares of Simon Stock, therefore the Company uses the quoted market price of Simon Stock to measure the fair value of the Company s Marco OP and OP II units. 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our investments in marketable debt securities with stated contractual maturity dates, accounted for as available-for-sale securities and classified by the contractual maturity date of the securities: 

Total 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 

During the third quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of million to reduce the carrying value of the St. Augustine Outlet Center to its estimated fair value of million as of September 30, 2021. In estimating the fair value of the St. Augustine Outlet Center, the Company used management s internal comparable sales analysis prepared with consideration of local market conditions, which was considered a Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy described above. The carrying value of the St. Augustine Outlet Center is included in investment property on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. See Note 9. 

The Company did not have any other significant financial assets or liabilities, which would require revised valuations that are recognized at fair value. 

Notes Payable 

Margin Loan 

The Company has access to a margin loan (the Margin Loan from a financial institution that holds custody of certain of the Company s marketable securities. The Margin Loan, which is due on demand, bears interest at (5.24 as of December 31, 2022) and is collateralized by the marketable securities in the Company s account. The amounts available to the Company under the Margin Loan are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited to the amount of collateral in its account. There were no amounts outstanding under this Margin Loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Line of Credit 

The Company has a non-revolving credit facility (the Line of Credit that provides for borrowings up to a maximum of million, subject to a 55 loan-to-value ratio based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, which matures on November 30, 2024 and bears interest at (5.74 as of December 31, 2022). Additionally, the Line of Credit provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. The Line of Credit is collateralized by an aggregate of of Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units and is guaranteed by PRO. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of borrowings available to be drawn under the Line of Credit was million. No amounts were outstanding under the Line of Credit as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel Senior 

Lower East Side Moxy Hotel Junior 

Exterior Street Project 

Exterior Street Project Supplemental 

LSC 1543 7th LLC Note Receivable 

- 

Total mortgages payable 

Less: Deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

Total mortgages payable, net 

One-month LIBOR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. One-month SOFR as of December 31, 2022 was . The Company s loans are secured by the indicated real estate/investment and are non-recourse to the Company, unless otherwise indicated. 

The following table shows the Company s contractually scheduled principal maturities during the next five years and thereafter: 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Less: Deferred financing costs 

() 

Total principal maturities, net 

LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan 

On June 30, 2022, LSC 1543 7th LLC obtained a loan of up to million (the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan which bears interest at (7.86 as of December 31, 2022). The LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan is initially scheduled to mature on , but may be further extended through December 30, 2024 and September 20, 2025, through the exercise of two extension options . The LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan requires monthly interest-only payments with the outstanding principal balance due at its maturity date and is collateralized by a nonrecourse loan originated by LSC 1543 7th LLC (the LSC 1543 7th LLC Note Receivable ). As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan was million. See Note 6. 

Moxy Construction Loans 

On June 3, 2021, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, closed on a recourse construction loan facility (the Moxy Senior Loan providing for up to million of funds for the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. At closing, million of proceeds were initially advanced under the Moxy Senior Loan, which were used to repay in full a then outstanding mortgage loan. The Moxy Senior Loan bears interest at , subject to an 7.75 floor, and initially matures on , with two one-year extension options, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Additionally, the Moxy Senior Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. The Moxy Senior Loan is collateralized by the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Senior Loan was 82.8 million, the interest rate was 11.89 and the remaining availability under the facility was up to million, which is expected to be used to fund the remaining construction and pre-opening costs for the project. Additionally, the Company was required by the lender to deposit the 4.7 million of key money received from Marriott into an escrow account (included in restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022) which may also be used to fund the remaining construction costs for the project. 

Simultaneously on June 3, 2021, the Company, through the same wholly owned subsidiary, also entered into a mezzanine construction loan facility (the Moxy Junior Loan and together with the Moxy Senior Loan, the Moxy Construction Loans providing for up to million of additional funds for the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Junior Loan bears interest at , subject to a 14.00 floor, and initially matures on June 3, 2024, with two one-year extension options, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Additionally, the Moxy Junior Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. The Moxy Junior Loan is subordinate to the Moxy Senior Loan but also collateralized by the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel. The Company has provided a principal guarantee of up to million with respect to the Moxy Junior Loan. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Junior Loan was million and its interest rate was 17.89 . 

In connection with the Moxy Construction Loans, the Company has provided certain completion and carry cost guarantees. The Company has also entered into two interest rate cap agreements with notional amounts of million and million pursuant to which through June 3, 2024. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loans, the Company paid million of loan fees and expenses and accrued million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial maturity date and are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31 , 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Exterior Street Loans 

On March 29, 2019, the Company obtained a million loan (the Exterior Street Loan from a financial institution which, commencing on October 10, 2020, bore interest at through . On December 21, 2021, the loan agreement was amended to provide an additional million loan (the Exterior Street Supplemental Loan and collectively with the Exterior Street Loan, the Exterior Street Loans which bore interest at through November 24, 2022. The Exterior Street Loans require monthly interest-only payments with the outstanding principal balances due in full at their maturity date. The Exterior Street Loans are collateralized by the Exterior Street Project. On November 22, 2022, the Company and the financial institution entered into an additional amendment to the Exterior Street Loans pursuant to which the interest rate on the Exterior Street Loans were adjusted to SOFR plus 2.60 (6.96 as of December 31, 2022) and their maturity dates were extended to November 24, 2023. 

Gantry Park Mortgage Loan 

On November 19, 2014, the 2 nd Street Joint Venture entered into a million mortgage loan (the Gantry Park Mortgage Loan ). The Gantry Park Mortgage Loan has a -year term with a maturity date of , bears interest at 4.48 , and required monthly interest-only payments for the first three years and monthly principal and interest payments pursuant to a 30-year amortization schedule thereafter. The Gantry Park Mortgage Loan is collateralized by Gantry Park Landing. 

Certain of the Company s debt agreements require the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial debt covenants. Additionally, certain of our mortgages payable also contain clauses providing for prepayment penalties. 

Debt Maturities 

The Exterior Street Loans (outstanding aggregate principal balance of million as of December 31, 2022) mature on November 24, 2023. The Company currently intends to seek to extend or refinance the Exterior Street Loans on or before their maturity date. 

The LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan (outstanding principal balance of 32.2 million as of December 31, 2022) is scheduled to initially mature on December 30, 2023, but may be further extended through December 30, 2024 and September 20, 2025, through the exercise of two extension options. The Company currently intends to repay the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan with the proceeds from the expected repayment of the LSC 1543 7th LLC Note Receivable, which has an outstanding principal balance of 49.0 million, or to seek to extend the LSC 1543 7th LLC Loan pursuant to the extension option on or before its maturity date. 

However, if the Company is unable to extend or refinance its maturing indebtedness at favorable terms, it will look to repay the then outstanding balance with available cash and/or proceeds from selective asset sales. The Company has no additional significant maturities of mortgage debt over the next 12 months. 

million during the third quarter of 2021. 

Because of the aforementioned lease terminations and scheduled expirations, substantially all of the tenants vacated the property during the first quarter of 2022 and on June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a lease termination agreement with the property s final tenant providing for them to receive an aggregate of 0.8 million provided they vacated the property no later than July 15, 2022. The final tenant vacated the property in July 2022 and the Company ceased operations of the St. Augustine Outlet Center effective July 15, 2022 and shortly thereafter, commenced demolition of the property s building and improvements in order to prepare the various land parcels for potential sale and/or lease. The demolition of the property s buildings and improvements was substantially completed during the third quarter of 2022 and the Company recognized a loss on demolition of million consisting of the write-off of the carrying value of the property s building and improvements plus related costs. As a result the remaining carrying value of the St. Augustine land and improvements was million as of December 31, 2022 and is included in land and improvements on the consolidated balance sheet. 

In connection with the terms of certain of the lease termination agreements, the Company agreed to make various payments to certain tenants provided they closed their store and vacated the property. The Company expenses lease termination fees in the period the lease termination agreement is executed and such expenses are included in property operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized lease termination fees of million and million, respectively. 

Land Parcel Sales 

On May 25, 2021, the Company completed the disposition of a parcel of land adjacent to the St. Augustine Outlet Center to an unrelated third party for a contractual sales price of million and recognized a gain of million during the second quarter of 2021, which is included in gain on disposition of real estate, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

 outstanding preferred shares. 

Common Shares 

All of the common stock offered by the Company will be duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of stock and to the provisions of its charter regarding the restriction on the ownership and transfer of shares of our stock, holders of the Company s common stock will be entitled to receive distributions if authorized by the Board of Directors and to share ratably in the Company s assets available for distribution to the stockholders in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 

Each outstanding share of the Company s common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining common stock will not be able to elect any directors. 

Holders of the Company s common stock have no conversion, sinking fund, redemption or exchange rights, and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of its securities. Maryland law provides that a stockholder has appraisal rights in connection with some transactions. However, the Company charter provides that the holders of its stock do not have appraisal rights unless a majority of the Board of Directors determines that such rights shall apply. Shares of the Company s common stock have equal dividend, distribution, liquidation and other rights. 

Under its charter, the Company cannot make certain material changes to its business form or operations without the approval of stockholders holding at least a majority of the shares of our stock entitled to vote on the matter. These include (1) amendment of its charter, (2) its liquidation or dissolution, and (3) to the extent required under Maryland law its reorganization, and (4) its merger, consolidation or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets. 

SRP 

The Company s share repurchase program (the SRP may provide its stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares of common stock back to the Company, subject to restrictions. 

On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of all redemptions effective immediately. 

Effective March 18, 2021 and May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors partially reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s death and hardship, respectively, and set the price for all such purchases to our current estimated net asset value per share of common stock NAV per Share ), as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from time to time. Deaths that occurred subsequent to January 1, 2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to certain conditions. Beginning January 1, 2022, requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by the Company within one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. . 

At the above noted dates, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, the Company would not redeem in excess of 1.0 and 0.5 of the number of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption requests generally would be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceeded the annual limitation. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of . 

DRIP 

The Company s distribution reinvestment program DRIP provides its shareholders with an opportunity to purchase additional shares of its common stock at a discount by reinvesting distributions. Under the Company s DRIP, a shareholder may acquire, from time to time, additional shares of the Company s common stock by reinvesting cash distributions payable by the Company to such shareholder, without incurring any brokerage commission, fees or service charges. 

The DRIP had been suspended since 2015 until the Company s DRIP Registration Statement on Form S-3D was filed and became effective as amended and restated, under the Securities Act of 1933 on October 25, 2018. 

Pursuant to the DRIP following its reactivation, the Company s stockholders who elect to participate may invest all or a portion of the cash distributions that the Company pays them on shares of its common stock in additional shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price equal to 95 of the Company s current NAV per Share, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from time to time. Effective on December 8, 2022, the Board of Directors determined the Company s NAV per Share of , as of September 30, 2022, which resulted in a purchase price for shares under the DRIP of per share. As of December 31, 2022, 9.9 million shares remain available for issuance under our DRIP. 

The Board of Directors reserves the right to terminate the DRIP for any reason without cause by providing written notice of termination of the DRIP to all participants. 

Distributions 

Common Shares 

The Board of Directors commenced declaring and the Company began paying regular quarterly distributions on its Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.70 per share, or an annualized rate of assuming a purchase price of per share, beginning February 1, 2006. Subsequently, the Board of Directors has declared regular quarterly distributions of 0.175 per share at the annualized rate of rate of 7.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, with the exception of the three-month period ended June 30, 2010. The distributions for the three-month period ended June 30, 2010 were at an aggregate annualized rate of based on the share price of . Through December 31, 2022, the Company has paid aggregate distributions in the amount of million, which includes cash distributions paid to stockholders and common stock issued under its DRIP. 

Total distributions declared during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

On November 9, 2022 and November 8, 2021 the Board of Directors authorized and the Company declared distributions of per share for the quarterly periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. The distributions payable of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were paid in January 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On March 15, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and the Company declared a distribution of per share for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter-end. The stockholders have an option to elect the receipt of shares under the Company s DRIP. 

Future distributions, if any, declared will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of the Company s performance over the previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination, including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, operating and interest expenses, the Company s ability to refinance near-term debt, as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less than 90 of their taxable income. The Company cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that it will maintain any particular level of distributions that it has previously established or may establish. 

million and million, respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total distributions declared and not paid to noncontrolling interests was million (paid in January 2023 and January 2022, respectively). 

Noncontrolling Interest of Subsidiary within the Operating Partnership 

PRO 

During 2009, the Operating Partnership acquired certain membership interests in Prime Outlets Acquisition Company POAC and Mill Run, LLC Mill Run ), which were subsequently contributed to PRO in exchange for a managing membership interest in PRO. In addition, the Company contributed for a non-managing membership interest in PRO. Because the Operating Partnership is the managing member with control, PRO is consolidated into the results and financial position of the Company. In connection with the acquisitions of the memberships interests in POAC and Mill Run, the Advisor accepted a 19.17 profit membership interest in PRO in lieu of an acquisition fee and assigned its rights to receive distributions to the Sponsor, who assigned the same to David Lichtenstein. Distributions are split between the three members in proportion to their respective profit interests. PRO subsequently disposed of all of its membership interests in POAC and Mill Run in August 2010 and its current holdings primarily consist of Marco OP Units and Marco II OP Units (see Note 7). 

On September 19, 2018, the Company s Sponsor transferred of its profit membership interest in PRO to the Operating Partnership. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Sponsor had a profit membership interest in PRO, which is accounted for as a noncontrolling interest. 

Consolidated Joint Venture 

In August 2011, the Operating Partnership and the Sponsor and other related parties formed the 2nd Street Joint Venture, which owns Gantry Park Landing. The Operating Partnership has a membership interest in the 2nd Street Joint Venture (the 2nd Street JV Interest ). The 2nd Street JV Interest is a managing membership interest. The Sponsor and other related parties have an aggregate non-managing membership interest with certain consent rights with respect to major decisions. Contributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. Profit and cash distributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. As the Operating Partnership through the 2 nd Street Joint Venture Interest has the power to direct the activities of the 2 nd Street Joint Venture that most significantly impact the performance, the Company consolidates the operating results and financial condition of the 2 nd Street Joint Venture and accounts for the ownership interests of the Sponsor and other related parties as noncontrolling interests. 

of the gross contractual purchase price (including any mortgage assumed) of each property purchased. The Advisor is also reimbursed for expenses that it incurs in connection with the purchase of a property. The acquisition fee and acquisition-related expenses for any particular property, including amounts payable to related parties, will not exceed, in the aggregate 5 of the gross contractual purchase price (including mortgage assumed) of the property. 

Property Management - Residential/Retail 

The property managers are paid a monthly management fee of up to of the gross revenues from residential and retail properties. The Company pays the property managers a separate fee for (i) the development of, (ii) the one-time initial rent-up or (iii) the leasing-up of newly constructed properties in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 

Property Management - Office/Industrial 

The property managers are paid monthly property management and leasing fees of up to of gross revenues from office and industrial properties. In addition, the Company pays the property managers a separate fee for the one-time initial rent-up or leasing-up of newly constructed properties in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 

Asset Management Fee 

The Advisor or its affiliates are paid an asset management fee of of the Company s average invested assets, as defined, 

Reimbursement of Other expenses 

For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, the Advisor must reimburse the Company for the amounts, if any, by which the total operating expenses, the sum of the advisor asset management fee plus other operating expenses paid during the previous fiscal year exceed the greater of of average invested assets, as defined, for that fiscal year, or, of net income, as defined, for that fiscal year. Items such as property operating expenses, depreciation and amortization expenses, interest payments, taxes, non-cash expenditures, the special liquidation distribution, the special termination distribution, organization and offering expenses, and acquisition fees and expenses are excluded from the definition of total operating expenses, which otherwise includes the aggregate expense of any kind paid or incurred by the Company. 

The Advisor or its affiliates are reimbursed for expenses that may include costs of goods and services, administrative services and non-supervisory services performed directly for the Company by independent parties. 

In connection with the Company s Offering, Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Company s Sponsor, purchased SLP Units in the Operating Partnership for an aggregate of million. These SLP Units, the purchase price of which will be repaid only after stockholders receive a stated preferred return and their net investment, entitle Lightstone SLP, LLC to a portion of any regular distributions made by the Operating Partnership. 

From the Company s inception through March 31, 2010, cumulative distributions declared to Lightstone SLP, LLC were 4.9 million, all of which had been paid as of April 2010. For the three months ended June 30, 2010, the Operating Partnership did not declare a distribution related to the SLP Units as the distribution to the stockholders was less than 7 for this period. On August 30, 2010, the Company declared additional distributions to the stockholders to bring the annualized distribution to at least . As such, the Operating Partnership as of August 30, 2010 recommenced declaring distributions on the SLP Units at the 7 annualized rate, except for the three months ended June 30, 2010 which was at an annualized rate which represents the same rate paid to the stockholders. Since inception through December 31, 2022, cumulative distributions declared were million, of which 31.2 million have been paid. 

During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, distributions of million were declared and paid related to the SLP Units and are part of noncontrolling interests. 

Additionally, on March 15, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly distribution for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023 on the SLP Units at an annualized rate of . Any future distributions on the SLP Units will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

The SLP Units also entitle Lightstone SLP, LLC to a portion of any liquidating distributions made by the Operating Partnership. The value of such distributions will depend upon the net sale proceeds upon the liquidation of the Lightstone REIT I and, therefore, cannot be determined at the present time. Liquidating distributions to Lightstone SLP, LLC will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a distribution equal to their initial investment plus a stated preferred return, as described below: 

Operating Stage Distributions 
 
 Amount of Distribution 

7 Stockholder Return Threshold 

Once a cumulative non-compounded return of per year on their net investment is realized by stockholders, Lightstone SLP, LLC is eligible to receive available distributions from the Operating Partnership until it has received an amount equal to a cumulative non-compounded return of per year on the purchase price of the special general partner interests. Net investment refers to per share, less a pro rata share of any proceeds received from the sale or refinancing of the Company s assets. 

12 Stockholder Return Threshold 

Once a cumulative non-compounded return of per year is realized by stockholders on their net investment (including amounts equaling a return on their net investment as described above), of the aggregate amount of any additional distributions from the Operating Partnership will be payable to the stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC. 

Returns in Excess of 12 

After the return threshold is realized by stockholders and Lightstone SLP, LLC, of any remaining distributions from the Operating Partnership will be distributable to stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC. 

Liquidating Stage Distributions 
 
 Amount of Distribution 
 
 7 Stockholder Return Threshold 
 
 Once stockholders have received liquidation distributions, and a cumulative non-compounded return per year on their initial net investment, Lightstone SLP, LLC will receive available distributions until it has received an amount equal to its initial purchase price of the special general partner interests plus a cumulative non-compounded return of per year. 

12 Stockholder Return Threshold 
 
 Once stockholders have received liquidation distributions [in an amount equal to their net investment] plus a cumulative non-compounded return of 12 per year on their initial net investment (including amounts equaling a return on their net investment as described above), of the aggregate amount of any additional distributions from the Operating Partnership will be payable to the stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC. 

Returns in Excess of 12 
 
 After stockholders and Lightstone LP, LLC have received liquidation distributions [in an amount equal to their net investment] plus a cumulative non-compounded return of per year on their initial net investment, of any remaining distributions from the Operating Partnership will be distributable to stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC. 

The following table represents the fees incurred and reimbursement associated with the payments to the Company s Sponsor, Advisor and their affiliates for the period indicated: 

Property management fees (property operating expenses) 

Acquisition fees (1) 

- 

Development fees and cost reimbursement (2) 

Total 

(1) 

(2) 

million from Marriott during the fourth quarter of 2022, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and is being amortized as a reduction to franchise fees over the term of the Hotel Franchise Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Hotel Franchise Agreement, the Company may be obligated to return the unamortized portion of the key money back to Marriott upon the occurrence of certain events. The franchise fees and marketing fund charges are recorded as a component of hotel operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Hotel Management Agreements 

With respect to the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel, the Company has entered into a hotel management agreement, food and beverage operations management agreement and an asset management agreement (collectively, the Hotel Management Agreements with various third-party management companies pursuant to which they provide oversight and management over the operation of the Lower East Side Moxy Hotel and its food and beverage venues and receive payment of certain prescribed management fees, generally based on a percentage of revenues and certain incentives for exceeding targeted earnings thresholds. The management fees are recorded as a component of hotel operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Hotel Management Agreements have initial terms ranging from five to 20 years. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Lightstone REIT I may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As of the date hereof, the Company is not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency and possible range of loss. Additionally, the Company has not recorded any loss contingencies related to legal proceedings in which the potential loss is deemed to be remote. 

F- 40 

PART II. CONTINUED: 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: 

None 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Advisor s management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control system is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, they used the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations, or COSO, of the Treadway Commission published in its report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

40 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION: 

None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections: 

None. 

41 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors 

The following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors serving in such capacity: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 Year Term of Office Will Expire 
 
 Served as a Director Since 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and 
 
 2023 
 
 2004 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

George R. Whittemore 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2006 

Alan Retkinski 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2019 

Howard E. Friedman 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2021 

David Lichtenstein is the Chairman of our Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer, and is the Chief Executive Officer of our Advisor. Mr. Lichtenstein founded both American Shelter Corporation and The Lightstone Group. From 1988 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of The Lightstone Group, directing all aspects of the acquisition, financing and management of a diverse portfolio of multifamily, lodging, retail and industrial properties located in 20 states, and Puerto Rico. From April 2008 to present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as the Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC, its advisor. From October 2012 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as the Chairman of the board of directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III and from April 2013 to the present, as the Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone REIT III and of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC. From September 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Lightstone REIT IV ), and as Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC, its advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Enterprises Limited Lightstone Enterprises ). On August 31, 2021, Mr. Lichtenstein was appointed Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT V, Inc. Lightstone V and previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V from September 2017 through August 31, 2021. Additionally, Mr. Lichtenstein is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Lightstone REIT V s advisor. From July 2015 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the New York City Economic Development Corporation. Mr. Lichtenstein is a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc., and industry trade group, as well as, a member of the Board of Directors of Touro College and New York Medical College. Mr. Lichtenstein has been selected to serve as a director due to his extensive experience and networking relationships in the real estate industry, along with his experience in acquiring and financing real estate properties. 

George R. Whittemore is one of our independent directors. From April 2008 to the present, Mr. Whittemore has served as a member of the board of directors of Lightstone REIT II and from December 2013 to present, has served as a member of the board of directors of Lightstone REIT III. Mr. Whittemore also presently serves as a Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Village Bank Financial Corporation in Richmond, Virginia, a publicly traded company. Mr. Whittemore previously served as a Director of Condor Hospitality, Inc. in Norfolk, Nebraska, a publicly traded company, from November 1994 to March 2016. Mr. Whittemore previously served as a Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Prime Group Realty Trust from July 2005 until December 2012. Mr. Whittemore previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. from November 2001 until August 2004 and as Senior Vice President and Director of both Anderson Strudwick, Incorporated, a brokerage firm based in Richmond, Virginia, and Anderson Strudwick Investment Corporation, from October 1996 until October 2001. Mr. Whittemore has also served as a Director, President and Managing Officer of Pioneer Federal Savings Bank and its parent, Pioneer Financial Corporation, from September 1982 until August 1994, and as President of Mills Value Adviser, Inc., a registered investment advisor. Mr. Whittemore is a graduate of the University of Richmond. Mr. Whittemore has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his extensive experience in accounting, banking, finance and real estate. 

42 

Alan Retkinski is one of our independent directors. Since 2004, Mr. Retkinski has been the president of Lexington Realty International, a national multifaceted real estate brokerage firm specializing in investment sales, retail leasing, lease preparation/negotiating and management. Mr. Retkinski has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his extensive experience in real estate transactions. 

Howard E. Friedman is our is one of our independent directors. Mr. Friedman is the Founding Partner of Lanx Management LLC, a hedge fund of funds founded in 2001. Mr. Friedman co-founded Watermark Press, Inc. in 1989 and served as its Publisher and Chief Executive Officer until 1998 when it was sold to Cendent Corp. Mr. Friedman is a director of Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: SBGI), where he has served since January 2015. Mr. Friedman also serves on the Compensation Committee and as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Friedman served as President and then Chairman of the Board of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). From 2010 to 2012, he served as the President of the American Israel Educational Foundation, the charitable arm of AIPAC. He is the past Chair of the Board of The Associated: Jewish Community Federation of Baltimore. From 2004 to 2017, Mr. Friedman served on the advisory board of Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. He currently serves as the Honorary Chairman of the Board of the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America. In addition, Mr. Friedman serves on the boards of Touro College and University System, Talmudical Academy, and the Simon Wiesenthal Center. Mr. Friedman has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his extensive skills in finance, management and investment matters. 

Executive Officers: 

The following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our executive officers serving in such capacities: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Mitchell Hochberg 
 
 70 
 
 President 

Joseph Teichman 
 
 49 
 
 General Counsel 

Seth Molod 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

David Lichtenstein for biographical information about Mr. Lichtenstein, see Management Directors. 

Mitchell Hochberg is our President and Chief Operating Officer and has also served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lightstone REIT II since December 2013. Mr. Hochberg also serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer of our sponsor. From April 2013 to the present, Mr. Hochberg has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lightstone REIT III and its advisor. From September 2014 to the present, Mr. Hochberg has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lightstone REIT IV and its advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Hochberg has served as President of Lightstone Enterprises. Mr. Hochberg was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I, Inc. BH OPP I and Lightstone REIT V effective as of September 28, 2017, and on August 31, 2021, was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V. Prior to joining The Lightstone Group in August 2012, Mr. Hochberg served as principal of Madden Real Estate Ventures, a real estate investment, development and advisory firm specializing in hospitality and residential projects from 2007 to August 2012 when it combined with our sponsor. Mr. Hochberg held the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of Ian Schrager Company, a developer and manager of innovative luxury hotels and residential projects in the United States from early 2006 to early 2007 and prior to that Mr. Hochberg founded Spectrum Communities, a developer of luxury residential neighborhoods in the Northeast in 1985 where for 20 years he served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hochberg served on the board of directors of Belmond Ltd from 2009 to April 2019. Additionally, through October 2014 Mr. Hochberg served on the board of directors and as Chairman of the board of directors of Orleans Homebuilders, Inc. Mr. Hochberg received his law degree from Columbia University School of Law where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar and graduated magna cum laude from New York University College of Business and Public Administration with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and finance. 

43 

Joseph E. Teichman is our General Counsel and also serves as General Counsel of Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone REIT III and Lightstone REIT IV and their respective advisors. Mr. Teichman also serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of our Advisor and Sponsor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Teichman has served as Secretary and a Director of Lightstone Enterprises. Prior to joining us in January 2007, Mr. Teichman practiced law at the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP in New York, NY from September 2001 to January 2007. Mr. Teichman earned his J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in May 2001. Mr. Teichman earned a B.A. from Beth Medrash Govoha, Lakewood, NJ. Mr. Teichman is licensed to practice law in New York and New Jersey. Mr. Teichman is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yeshiva Orchos Chaim, Lakewood, NJ and was appointed to the Ocean County College Board of Trustees in February 2016. 

Seth Molod is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and also serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone REIT III, Lightstone REIT IV and Lightstone REIT V. Mr. Molod also serves as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of our Sponsor and as the Chief Financial Officer of our Advisor and the advisors of Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone REIT III, Lightstone REIT IV and Lightstone REIT V. Prior to joining the Lightstone Group in August of 2018, Mr. Molod served as an Audit Partner, Chair of Real Estate Services and on the Executive Committee of Berdon LLP, a full service accounting, tax, financial and management advisory firm Berdon ). Mr. Molod joined Berdon in 1989. He has extensive experience advising some of the nation s most prominent real estate owners, developers, managers, and investors in both commercial and residential projects. Mr. Molod has worked with many privately held real estate companies as well as institutional investors, REITs, and other public companies. Mr. Molod is a licensed certified public accountant in New Jersey and New York and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Molod holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from Muhlenberg College. 

Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires each director, officer and individual beneficially owning more than 10 of our common stock to file initial statements of beneficial ownership (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership (Forms 4 and 5) of our common stock with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). Officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, or written representations that no additional forms were required, we believe that all of our officers and directors and persons that beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding shares of our common stock complied with these filing requirements in 2022. 

Information Regarding Audit Committee 

Our board of directors (the Board established an audit committee in April 2005. The charter of audit committee is available at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/sec-filings or in print to any shareholder who requests it c/o Lightstone Value Plus REIT, 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Our audit committee consists of George R. Whittemore, Alan Retkinski and Howard E. Friedman, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. The Board determined that Mr. Whittemore is qualified as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 401 (h) of Regulation S-K. For more information regarding the relevant professional experience of Mr. Whittemore, Mr. Retkinski and Mr. Friedman, see Directors . 

Code of Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers and directors, including but not limited to, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/sec-filings . 

44 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

We currently have no employees. Our Advisor performs our day-to-day management functions. Our executive officers are all employees of the Advisor. We do not pay any of these individuals for serving in their respective positions. 

Compensation of Board 

We pay our independent directors an aggregate annual fee of 40,000 (payable in quarterly installments) and are responsible for reimbursement of their out-of-pocket expenses, as incurred. We also pay our audit committee chair an additional aggregate annual fee of 10,000 (payable in quarterly installments). 

45 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Executive Officers: 

The following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors and executive officers serving in such capacities: 

Name and Business Address (where required) of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company Beneficially Owned 

Percent of All Common Shares of the Company 

David Lichtenstein 

20,000 

0.09 

George R. Whittemore 

- 

- 

Alan Retkinski 

- 

- 

Howard E. Friedman 

- 

- 

Mitchell Hochberg 

- 

- 

Joseph Teichman 

- 

- 

Seth Molod 

- 

- 

Our directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 

20,000 

0.09 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

Our advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On July 6, 2004, the Advisor contributed 2,000 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner common units Common Units in the Operating Partnership. Our Advisor also owns 20,000 shares of our common stock Common Shares which were issued on July 6, 2004 for 200,000, or 10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is the majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group, LLC served as the sponsor (the Sponsor during our initial public offering (the Offering ), which terminated on October 10, 2008. Our Advisor, together with our board of directors (the Board of Directors ), is primarily responsible for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns an aggregate of 30.0 million of special general partner interests SLP Units in the Operating Partnership which were purchased, at a cost of 100,000 per unit, in connection with our Offering. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control the Lightstone REIT I or the Operating Partnership. 

On April 22, 2005, we entered into various agreements with our Advisor and its affiliates to pay certain fees and reimburse certain expenses, as described below, in exchange for services performed and costs incurred by these and other affiliated entities. As the indirect owner of those entities, Mr. Lichtenstein benefits from fees and other compensation that they receive pursuant to these agreements. 

Property Managers 

Our property managers manage certain of the properties we have acquired and may manage additional properties we acquire. We also use other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management of our hotel. 

We have agreed to pay our property managers a monthly management fee of up to 5 of the gross revenues from our multifamily residential and commercial retail properties. In addition, We may pay our property managers a separate fee for (i) the development of, (ii) the one-time initial rent-up or (iii) leasing-up of newly constructed properties in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. Our Property Manager will also be paid a monthly fee for any extra services equal to no more than that which would be payable to an unrelated party providing the services. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred property management fees of 0.3 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 

46 

Advisor 

We have agreed to pay our Advisor an acquisition fee equal to 2.75 of the gross contractual purchase price (including any mortgage indebtedness assumed) of each property we purchase and reimburse our Advisor for expenses that it incurs in connection with the purchase of a property. We anticipate that acquisition expenses will typically be between 1 and 1.5 of a property s purchase price, and acquisition fees and expenses are capped at 5 of the gross contract purchase price of a property. The Advisor is also paid an advisor asset management fee of 0.55 of our average invested assets and we reimburse some expenses of the Advisor. Additionally, development fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs that we pay to our Advisor and its affiliates are capitalized and are included in the carrying value of the associated development project and classified as development projects on the consolidated balance sheets. We have recorded the following amounts related to the Advisor for the years indicated: 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Asset management fees (general and administrative costs) 

825 

849 

Acquisition fees (1) 

2,430 

- 

Development fees and cost reimbursement (2) 

2,681 

3,595 

Total 

5,936 

4,444 

Notes : 

(1) 
 Acquisition fees of 2.4 million were capitalized and are reflected in the carrying value of our investment in the Columbus Joint Venture which is included in investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity on the consolidated balance sheets. 

(2) 
 Development fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs that we pay to the Advisor and its affiliates are capitalized and are included in the carrying value of the associated development project which are classified as development projects on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, we owed the Advisor and its affiliated entities 0.7 million for development fees, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Sponsor 

On April 22, 2005, the Operating Partnership entered into an agreement with Lightstone SLP, LLC pursuant to which the Operating Partnership has issued special general partner interests to Lightstone SLP, LLC in an amount equal to all expenses, dealer manager fees and selling commissions that we incurred in connection with our organization and the Offering. Through December 31, 2022, Lightstone SLP, LLC had contributed 30.0 million to the Operating Partnership in exchange for special general partner interests. As the sole member of our Sponsor, which wholly owns Lightstone SLP, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect, beneficial owner of such special general partner interests and will thus receive an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. 

These special general partner interests entitle Lightstone SLP, LLC to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that we make to stockholders, but only after stockholders have received a stated preferred return. Although the actual amounts are dependent upon results of operations and, therefore, cannot be determined at the present time, distributions to Lightstone SLP, LLC, as holder of the special general partner interests, could be substantial. 

Acquisitions and Investments in Entities Affiliated with Sponsor 

Preferred Investments 

We have entered into several agreements with various related party entities that provide for us to make preferred contributions pursuant to certain instruments (the Preferred Investments that entitle us to certain prescribed monthly preferred distributions. During the year ended December 31 , 2022, we redeemed the remaining 8.5 million of its East 11th Street Preferred Investment, which is now fully redeemed. As a result, as of December 31 , 2022, we only have one remaining Preferred Investment, which is our 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment with an outstanding balance of 6.0 million. The fair value of our remaining Preferred Investment approximates its carrying value based on market rates for similar instruments. 

47 

The Preferred Investments are summarized as follows: 

Preferred Investment Balance 

Investment Income (1) 

Dividend 

As of December 31, 

As of December 31, 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Preferred Investments 
 
 Rate 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

40 East End Avenue 
 
 12 

6,000 

6,000 

730 

730 

East 11th Street 
 
 12 

- 

8,500 

593 

1,034 

Total Preferred Investments 

6,000 

14,500 

1,323 

1,764 

Note : 

(1) 
 Included in interest and dividend income on the statements of operations. 

40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment 

In May 2015, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which it made aggregate contributions of 30.0 million in 40 East End Ave. Pref Member LLC (the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ), a related party entity. The 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture is a joint venture between an affiliate of our Sponsor and Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone REIT IV ), a related-party REIT also sponsored by the our Sponsor, which developed and constructed a luxury residential condominium project consisting of 29 units (the 40 East End Avenue Project located at the corner of 81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of New York City. The 40 East End Avenue Project received its final temporary certificates of occupancy, or TCO, in March 2020 and through December 31, 2022, 21 of the condominium units had been sold. 

Contributions were made pursuant to an instrument, the 40 East Side Avenue Preferred Investment, that is entitled to monthly preferred distributions, initially at a rate of 8 per annum which increased to 12 per annum upon procurement of construction financing in March 2017, and is redeemable by us beginning on April 27, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we redeemed 13.0 million of the 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment. During 2020, we redeemed an additional 11.0 million of the 40 East End Avenue Preferred Investment which reduced the remaining outstanding balance to 6.0 million. 

East 11th Street Preferred Investment 

On April 21, 2016, we entered into an agreement, as amended, with various related party entities pursuant to which it to made aggregate contributions of 57.5 million in an affiliate of our Sponsor (the East 11 th Street Developer which developed and constructed a Marriott Moxy Hotel located at 112-120 East 11th Street in New York, New York. Contributions were made pursuant to an instrument, the East 11th Street Preferred Investment, that entitled us to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of 12 per annum. We may redeem our investment in the East 11th Street Preferred Investment upon the consummation of certain capital transactions. Additionally, the East 11th Street Developer may redeem our investment at any time or upon the consummation of any capital transaction. Any redemption by us or the East 11th Street Developer under the East 11th Street Preferred Investment will be made at an amount equal to the amount we have invested plus a 12.0 annual cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded return on the aggregate amount we have invested. During 2019 and 2018, we redeemed 34.5 million and 14.5 million, respectively of the East 11th Street Preferred Investment. During 2022, we redeemed the remaining 8.5 million of the East 11th Street Preferred Investment, which is now fully redeemed. 

Consolidated Joint Venture 

In August 2011, the Operating Partnership and its Sponsor formed the 2nd Street Joint Venture, which owns Gantry Park Landing, a multifamily apartment building located in Queens, New York. The Operating Partnership has a 59.2 membership interest in the 2nd Street Joint Venture (the 2nd Street JV Interest ). The 2nd Street JV Interest is a managing membership interest. The Sponsor and other related parties have an aggregate 40.8 non-managing membership interest with certain consent rights with respect to major decisions. Contributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. Profit and cash distributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. As the Operating Partnership through the 2 nd Street Joint Venture Interest has the power to direct the activities of the 2 nd Street Joint Venture that most significantly impact the performance, we consolidate the operating results and financial condition of the 2 nd Street Joint Venture and has accounts for the ownership interests of the Sponsor and other related parties as noncontrolling interests. 

48 

The Hotel Joint Venture 

During 2015, we formed a Hotel Joint Venture (the Hotel Joint Venture with Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II ), a related party real estate investment trust also sponsored by our Sponsor. We have a 2.5 membership interest in the Hotel Joint Venture and Lightstone REIT II holds the remaining 97.5 membership interest. The Hotel Joint Venture holds ownership interests in seven hotels as of December 31, 2022. 

We account for our 2.5 membership interest in the Hotel Joint Venture using a measurement alternative under which the Hotel Joint Venture is measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, if any, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our investment was 0.9 million and 1.0 million, respectively, which is included in investments in related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Notes Receivable 

We formed certain joint ventures (collectively, the NR Joint Ventures between wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership (collectively, the NR Subsidiaries and affiliates of the Sponsor (the NR Affiliates which have originated nonrecourse loans (collectively, the Joint Venture Promissory Notes to unaffiliated third-party borrowers (collectively, the Joint Venture Borrowers ). 

The NR Subsidiaries and NR Affiliates may have varying ownership interests in the NR Joint Ventures, however, and certain other wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership serve as the manager and are the sole decision-maker for each of the NR Joint Ventures. 

We determined that the NR Joint Ventures are VIEs and the NR Subsidiaries are the primary beneficiaries. Since the NR Subsidiaries are the primary beneficiaries, beginning on the applicable date of formation, we have consolidated the operating results and financial condition of the NR Joint Ventures and accounted for the respective ownership interests of the NR Affiliates as noncontrolling interests. 

The Joint Venture Promissory Notes generally provide for monthly interest at a prescribed variable rate, subject to a floor. In connection with the initial funding of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes, the NR Joint Ventures receive origination fees (ranging from 1.00 to 1.50 based on the principal commitment under the loan and retain a portion of the loan proceeds to establish a reserve for interest and other items (the Loan Reserves ). The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are recorded in notes receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The Joint Venture Promissory Notes generally have an initial term of one or two years and may provide for additional one-year extension options subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the funding of additional Loan Reserves and payment of extension fees. The Joint Venture Promissory Notes are collateralized by either the membership interests of the Joint Venture Borrowers in the borrowing entity or the underlying real property being developed by the Joint Venture Borrower. 

Origination fees are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes and are amortized in to interest income, using a straight-line method that approximates the effective interest method, over the initial term of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes. The Loan Reserves are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes and are applied against the monthly interest due over the initial term. 

The Notes Receivable are summarized as follows: 

As
 of December 31, 2022 

Joint
 Venture/Lender 
 
 Company s 
 Ownership Percentage 

Loan 
 Commitment Amount 

Origination 
 Fee 

Origination 
 Date 
 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 
 Contractual 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Outstanding
 Principal 

Reserves 

Unamortized
 Origination Fee 

Carrying 
 Value 

Unfunded
 Commitment 

LSC
 1543 7th LLC 
 
 50 

49,000 

1.00 

March
 2, 2022 
 
 August
 31, 2023 
 
 SOFR
 plus 7.00 (Floor of 7.15 

49,000 

(614) 

(327) 

48,059 

- 

49 

As
 of December 31, 2021 

Joint
 Venture/Lender 
 
 Company s 
 Ownership Percentage 

Loan 
 Commitment Amount 

Origination 
 Fee 

Origination
 Date 
 
 Maturity
 Date 
 
 Contractual 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Outstanding
 Principal 

Reserves 

Unamortized
 Origination Fee 

Carrying
 Value 

Unfunded
 Commitment 

LSC
 1543 7th LLC (1) 
 
 50 

20,000 

1.00 

August
 27, 2019 
 
 February
 28, 2022 
 
 Libor
 plus 5.40 (Floor of 7.90 

17,500 

- 

(33) 

17,467 

- 

LSC
 11640 Mayfield LLC (2) 
 
 50 

18,000 

1.50 

March
 4, 2020 
 
 March
 1, 2022 
 
 Libor
 plus 11.00 (Floor of 13.00 

10,040 

(629) 

(24) 

9,387 

6,960 

- 

Total 

27,540 

(629) 

(57) 

26,854 

6,960 

(1) 
 Repaid in full during March 2022. 

(2) 
 Repaid in full during February 2022. 

The following summarizes the interest earned (included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations) for each of the Joint Venture Promissory Notes during the periods indicated: 

Joint Venture/Lender 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

LSC 1543 7th LLC 

4,400 

1,802 

LSC 11640 Mayfield LLC 

455 

1,875 

LSC 162nd Capital I LLC 

- 

491 

LSC 162nd Capital II LLC 

- 

1,063 

LSC 1650 Lincoln LLC 

- 

2,317 

LSC 87 Newkirk LLC 

- 

1,585 

Total 

4,855 

9,133 

The Columbus Joint Venture 

We determined that the Columbus Joint Venture is a variable interest entity but we are not the primary beneficiary. We account for our ownership interest in the Columbus Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because we exert significant influence over but do not control the Columbus Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Columbus Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from the Columbus Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Columbus Joint Venture s operating agreement. We commenced recording our allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions beginning as of November 29, 2022 with respect to our membership interest of 19.0 in the Columbus Joint Venture. 

In connection with the closing of the Columbus Properties, the Columbus Joint Venture simultaneously entered into two mortgage loans from financial institutions in the aggregate amount of 300.7 million and received two preferred investments from unaffiliated third parties in the aggregate amount of 90.0 million (collectively, the Loans The Loans are collateralized by the Columbus Properties. The Sponsor (the Guarantor has fully guaranteed the Columbus Joint Venture s obligation to repay the outstanding balance of the Loans (the Loan Guarantee ). Each of the joint venture members have agreed to reimburse the Guarantor for their pro rata share of any balance that may become due under the Loan Guarantee, of which the Company s share is up to 19 of the outstanding balance. 

50 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our independent public accounting firm is EisnerAmper LLP, New York, New York, Auditor ID 274. 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

The following table presents the aggregate fees billed to the Company for the years indicated by the Company s principal accounting firm: 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit
 Fees (a) 

311 

276 

Tax
 Fees (b) 

149 

149 

Total Fees 

461 

425 

a) 
 Fees for audit services consisted of the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements, interim reviews of the Company s quarterly consolidated financial statements and services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings including registration statement consents. 

b) 
 Fees for tax services. 

In considering the nature of the services provided by the independent auditor, the audit committee determined that such services are compatible with the provision of independent audit services. The audit committee discussed these services with the independent auditor and the Company s management to determine that they are permitted under the rules and regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated by the SEC to implement the related requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

51 

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 

To the Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.: 

We have reviewed and discussed with management Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We have discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standard No. 16, Communication with Audit Committees, as amended, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

We have received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526, Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence and have discussed with the auditors the auditors independence. 

Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, we recommend to the Board that the consolidated financial statements referred to above be included in Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. s Annual Report on consolidated Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Audit Committee 

 George R. Whittemore 

 Alan Retkinski 

 Howard E. Friedman 

52 

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS REPORT 

To the Stockholders of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.: 

We have reviewed the Company s policies and determined that they are in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. Set forth below is a discussion of the basis for that determination. 

General 

The Company s primary objective is to achieve capital appreciation with a secondary objective of income without subjecting principal to undue risk. The Company intends to achieve this goal primarily through acquisitions and development of real estate properties and other real estate-related investments. 

The Company, to date, has acquired and developed residential and commercial properties principally, all of which are located in the United States and made real estate-related investments. The Company s acquisitions have included both portfolios and individual properties. The Company current operating properties consist of one retail outlet shopping center) and one multifamily residential apartment building. The Company also has acquired various parcels of land and air rights related to the development and construction of real estate properties. Additionally, the Company has made certain preferred equity investments in related parties and originated notes receivables through joint venture arrangements. 

The following is descriptive of the Company s: 

Acquisition and investment policies: 

Reflecting a flexible operating style, the Company s portfolio is likely to be diverse and include properties of different types (such as retail, lodging, office, industrial and residential properties); both passive and active investments; real estate-related investments (such as preferred equity investments) and joint venture transactions. The portfolio is likely to be determined largely by the purchase opportunities that the market offers, whether on an upward or downward trend. This is in contrast to those funds that are more likely to hold investments of a single type, usually as outlined in their charters. 

The Company may invest in properties that are not sold through conventional marketing and auction processes. The Company s investments may be at a dollar cost level lower than levels that attract those funds that hold investments of a single type. 

The Company may be more likely to make investments that are in need of rehabilitation, redirection, remarketing and/or additional capital investment. 

The Company may place major emphasis on a bargain element in its purchases, and often on the individual circumstances and motivations of the sellers. The Company will search for bargains that become available due to circumstances that occur when real estate cannot support the mortgages securing the property. 

The Company intends to pursue returns in excess of the returns targeted by real estate investors who target a single type of property investment. 

53 

Financing Policies 

The Company utilizes leverage to acquire and develop properties. The number of different properties the Company acquires and develops is affected by numerous factors, including, the amount of funds available to us. When interest rates on loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on terms that are satisfactory to the Company, the Company may purchase or develop certain properties for cash with the intention of obtaining a loan for a portion of the purchase price or development costs at a later time. There is no limitation on the amount the Company may invest in any single property or on the amount the Company can borrow for any property. 

The Company currently intends to limit its aggregate long-term permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to the Company s stockholders. The Company may also incur short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. By operating on a leveraged basis, the Company may have more funds available for investment in properties. This may allow the Company to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, resulting in a more diversified portfolio. Although the Company s liability for the repayment of indebtedness is expected to be limited to the value of the property securing the liability and the rents or profits derived therefrom, the Company s use of leveraging increases the risk of default on the mortgage payments and a resulting foreclosure of a particular property. To the extent that the Company does not obtain loans on the Company s properties, the Company s ability to acquire or develop additional properties may be restricted. The Company will endeavor to obtain financing on the most favorable terms available. 

Policy on Sale or Disposition of Properties 

The Company s Board will determine whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of after considering the relevant factors, including performance or projected performance of the property and market conditions, with a view toward achieving its principal investment objectives. 

The Company may, sell properties at any time and if so, may invest the proceeds from any sale, financing, refinancing or other disposition of its properties into acquiring or developing additional properties. Alternatively, the Company may use these proceeds to fund maintenance or repair of existing properties or to increase reserves for such purposes. The Company may choose to reinvest the proceeds from the sale, financing and refinancing of its properties to increase its real estate assets and its net income. Notwithstanding this policy, the Board, in its discretion, may distribute all or part of the proceeds from the sale, financing, refinancing or other disposition of all or any of the Company s properties to the Company s stockholders. In determining whether to distribute these proceeds to stockholders, the Board will consider, among other factors, the desirability of properties available for purchase, real estate market conditions and compliance with the applicable requirements under federal income tax laws. 

When the Company sells a property, it intends to obtain an all-cash sale price. However, the Company may take a purchase money obligation secured by a mortgage on the property as partial payment, and there are no limitations or restrictions on the Company s ability to take such purchase money obligations. The terms of payment to the Company will be affected by custom in the area in which the property being sold is located and the then prevailing economic conditions. If the Company receives notes and other property instead of cash from sales, these proceeds, other than any interest payable on these proceeds, will not be available for distributions until and to the extent the notes or other property are actually paid, sold, refinanced or otherwise disposed. Therefore, the distribution of the proceeds of a sale to the stockholders may be delayed until that time. In these cases, the Company will receive payments in cash and other property in the year of sale in an amount less than the selling price and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. 

Independent Directors 

 George R. Whittemore Alan Retkinski 

 Howard E. Friedman 

54 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference herein: 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. 
 
 3.2 (2) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. 
 
 4.1 (3) 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Lightstone Value Plus REIT LP 
 
 4.2 (4) 
 
 Description of Shares 
 
 10.2 (2) 
 
 Advisory Agreement by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT LP and Lightstone Value Plus REIT LLC. 
 
 10.3 (2) 
 
 Management Agreement, by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT LP and Lightstone Value Plus REIT Management LLC. 
 
 10.4 (2) 
 
 Form of the Company s Stock Option Plan. 
 
 10.5 (2) 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between The Lightstone Group and the directors and executive officers of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Consent of Robert A. Stanger Co., Inc 
 
 101 
 
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language). The following financial information from Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (4) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (6) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement. As provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information in furnished and not filed for purpose of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Filed herewith. 
 
 (1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference from Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-166930), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18, 2010. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference from Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-117367), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2005. 
 
 (4) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 2021. 

Item 16.
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT I, INC. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 CAPACITY 
 
 DATE 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Seth Molod 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Seth Molod 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ George R. Whittemore 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 George R. Whittemore 

/s/ Alan Retkinski 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Alan Retkinski 

/s/ Howard E. Friedman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Howard E. Friedman 

56 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 lightstonevalue1_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Property Name 
 
 State Organization 
 
 Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP St. Augustine Outlets LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 PRO DFJV Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 50-01 2nd Street Associates LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 50-01 2nd Street Associates Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 50-01 2nd Street Development LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP OP Hold Co LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP OP Hold Co II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP OP Hold Co III LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP OP Holdings Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

Bowery Street Associates LLC 
 355 Exterior Street Associates LLC 
 399 Exterior Street Associates LLC 
 Columbus Portfolio Member LLC 

Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 lightstonevalue1_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statement of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. on Form S-3D (File No. 333-227864) of our report dated
March 30, 2023, on our audits of the financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years then ended,
which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about March 30, 2023. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 New
York, New York 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 lightstonevalue1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certifications 

I,
David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 lightstonevalue1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certifications 

I,
Seth Molod, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Seth Molod 

Seth Molod 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 lightstonevalue1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. (the
 Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 lightstonevalue1_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seth Molod, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Seth Molod 

Seth Molod 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 lightstonevalue1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

EXHIBIT
 99.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT VALUER 

We
hereby consent to the reference of our name and description of our role in the valuation process of the estimated net asset values per
common share of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. and its subsidiaries being included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-3D (File No. 333-227864) of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc., which reference and description are included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. filed March 30, 2023. 

In
giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of person whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act of 1933. 

/s/ Robert A. Stanger Co., Inc. 

Robert
A. Stanger Co., Inc. 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lvp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lvp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lvp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lvp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

