<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1611983_0001558370-23-001533.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17322732</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>997990</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2562194</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6075386</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2773354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4472207</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001533.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217170306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001533
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Liberty Broadband Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				471211994
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36713
		FILM NUMBER:		23643708

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BLVD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-875-5400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BLVD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001533.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 lbrda-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 E UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) State of (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Emerging Growth Company 

Accelerated filer 

 Non-accelerated filer 

 Smaller reporting company 

 Emerging growth company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of Liberty Broadband Corporation computed by reference to the last sales price of such stock, as of the closing of trading on June 30, 2022, was billion. The number of outstanding shares of Liberty Broadband Corporation common stock as of January 31, 2023 was: 

Series A Series B Series C Liberty Broadband Corporation common stock Documents Incorporated by Reference The Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10 K Table of Contents Part I Page Item 1. Business I-2 Item 1A. Risk Factors I-29 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments I-54 Item 2. Properties I-54 Item 3. Legal Proceedings I-54 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures I-56 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities II-1 Item 6. [Reserved] II-2 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations II-2 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk II-20 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data II-20 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure II-20 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures II-21 Item 9B. Other Information II-21 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections II-21 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance III-1 Item 11. Executive Compensation III-1 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters III-1 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence III-1 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services III-1 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules IV-1 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary IV-6 
 I-1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. Item 1. Business. General Development of Business Liberty Broadband Corporation Liberty Broadband, the Company, us, we, or our is primarily comprised of GCI Holdings, LLC GCI Holdings or GCI (as of December 18, 2020), a wholly owned subsidiary, and an equity method investment in Charter Communications, Inc. Charter ). During May 2014, the board of directors of Liberty Media Corporation (for accounting purposes a related party of the Company) and its subsidiaries Liberty authorized management to pursue a plan to spin-off to its stockholders common stock of a wholly-owned subsidiary, Liberty Broadband, and to distribute subscription rights to acquire shares of Liberty Broadband s common stock (the Broadband Spin-Off ). Liberty Broadband was formed in 2014 as a Delaware corporation. On December 18, 2020, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 6, 2020, entered into by GCI Liberty, Inc. GCI Liberty ), Liberty Broadband, Grizzly Merger Sub 1, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband Merger LLC ), and Grizzly Merger Sub 2, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Merger LLC Merger Sub ), Merger Sub merged with and into GCI Liberty (the First Merger ), with GCI Liberty surviving the First Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband (the Surviving Corporation ), and immediately following the First Merger, GCI Liberty (as the Surviving Corporation in the First Merger) merged with and into Merger LLC (the Upstream Merger , and together with the First Merger, the Combination ), with Merger LLC surviving the Upstream Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband. Prior to the Combination, GCI Liberty consisted of a wholly owned subsidiary, GCI Holdings, an equity method investment in Liberty Broadband, an investment in Charter and other assets and liabilities. As a result of the Combination, each holder of a share of Series A common stock and Series B common stock of GCI Liberty received 0.58 of a share of Series C common stock and Series B common stock, respectively, of Liberty Broadband. Additionally, each holder of a share of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of GCI Liberty received one share of newly issued Liberty Broadband Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, which has substantially identical terms to GCI Liberty s former Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, including a mandatory redemption date of March 9, 2039. Cash was paid in lieu of issuing fractional shares of Liberty Broadband stock in the Combination. No shares of Liberty Broadband stock were issued with respect to shares of GCI Liberty capital stock held by (i) GCI Liberty as treasury stock, (ii) any of GCI Liberty s wholly owned subsidiaries or (iii) Liberty Broadband or its wholly owned subsidiaries. In connection with the Broadband Spin-Off, Liberty and Liberty Broadband entered into certain agreements in order to govern certain of the ongoing relationships between the two companies after the Broadband Spin-Off and to provide for an orderly transition, including a services agreement and a facilities sharing agreement. Additionally, in connection with a prior transaction, GCI Liberty and Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail (for accounting purposes a related party of the Company) entered into a tax sharing agreement, which was assumed by Liberty Broadband as a result of the Combination. The tax sharing agreement provides for the allocation and indemnification of tax liabilities and benefits between Qurate Retail and Liberty Broadband and other agreements related to tax matters. Pursuant to the services agreement, Liberty provides Liberty Broadband with general and administrative services including legal, tax, accounting, treasury and investor relations support. In December 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the services agreement with Liberty in connection with Liberty s entry into a new employment arrangement with Gregory B. Maffei, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the amended services agreement, components of his compensation would either be paid directly to him by each of the Company, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. TripCo ), GCI Liberty, and Qurate Retail (collectively, the Service Companies or reimbursed to Liberty, in each case, based on allocations among Liberty and the Service Companies set forth in the amended services agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the allocation percentage for Liberty Broadband was 33 , 37 and 18 , respectively. Following the Combination, GCI Liberty no longer participates in the services agreement arrangement. The amended services agreement between Liberty and Mr. Maffei provides for a five year employment term which began on January 1, 2020 and ends December 31, 2024, with an aggregate annual base salary of 3 million (with no contracted increase), an aggregate one-time cash commitment bonus of 5 million (paid in December 2019), an aggregate annual target cash performance bonus of 17 million, aggregate annual equity awards of approximately 18 million and aggregate equity awards granted in connection with his entry 
 I-2 

Table of Contents 
 into his new agreement of 90 million (the upfront awards ). A portion of the grants made to our CEO in the year ended December 31, 2020 related to our Company s allocable portion of these upfront awards. Under the facilities sharing agreement, Liberty Broadband shares office space with Liberty and related amenities at Liberty s corporate headquarters. Liberty Broadband reimburses Liberty for direct, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Liberty in providing these services and for costs that are negotiated semi-annually. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has led to further economic disruptions. The U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates starting in March 2022 and additional increases are expected to continue. Mounting inflationary cost pressures and recessionary fears have negatively impacted the U.S. and global economy. The direct and indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant disruption to most sectors of the economy at varying levels during the periods covered by the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding business, product and marketing strategies; new service and product offerings; revenue growth; future expenses; anticipated changes to regulations; the recognition of deferred revenue; the recoverability of our goodwill and other long-lived assets; competition; the performance, results of operations and cash flows of our equity affiliate, Charter; the expansion of Charter s network; projected sources and uses of cash; renewal of licenses; the effects of regulatory developments; the direct and indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including related economic impacts; the Rural Health Care Program; indebtedness and the anticipated impact of certain contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In particular, statements under Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 2. Properties, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements inherently involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but such statements necessarily involve risks and uncertainties and there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The following include some but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: our, GCI Holdings, GCI, LLC and Charter s ability to obtain cash in sufficient amounts to service financial obligations and meet other commitments; our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and disallowed business interest carryforwards; our, GCI Holdings, GCI, LLC and Charter s ability to obtain additional financing, or refinance existing indebtedness, on acceptable terms; the impact of our, GCI Holdings, GCI, LLC and Charter s significant indebtedness and the ability to comply with any covenants in our and their respective debt instruments; general business conditions, unemployment levels, the level of activity in the housing sector, economic uncertainty or downturn and inflationary pressures on input costs and labor; competition faced by GCI Holdings and Charter; the ability of GCI Holdings and Charter to acquire and retain subscribers; the impact of governmental legislation and regulation including, without limitation, regulations of the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC ), on GCI Holdings and Charter, their ability to comply with regulations, and adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; changes in the amount of data used on the networks of GCI Holdings and Charter; the ability of third-party providers to supply equipment, services, software or licenses; 
 I-3 

Table of Contents 
 the ability of GCI Holdings and Charter to respond to new technology and meet customer demands for new products and services; changes in customer demand for the products and services of GCI Holdings and Charter and their ability to adapt to changes in demand; the ability of GCI Holdings and Charter to license or enforce intellectual property rights; natural or man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, armed conflict, pandemics, cyberattacks, network disruptions, service interruptions and system failures and the impact of related uninsured liabilities; the ability to hire and retain key personnel; the ability to procure necessary services and equipment from GCI Holdings and Charter s vendors in a timely manner and at reasonable costs including in connection with Charter s network evolution and rural construction initiatives; risks related to the Investment Company Act of 1940; the outcome of any pending or threatened litigation; and changes to general economic conditions, including economic conditions in Alaska, and their impact on potential customers, vendors and third parties. 
 These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. When considering such forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the factors described in Item 1A, Risk Factors and other cautionary statements contained in this Annual Report. Such risk factors and statements describe circumstances which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. This Annual Report includes information concerning Charter, a public company that files reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Information in this Annual Report concerning Charter has been derived from the reports and other information filed by it with the SEC. If you would like further information about Charter, the reports and other information it files with the SEC can be accessed on the Internet website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Those reports and other information are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Description of Business The following table identifies the Company s more significant subsidiaries and minority investments: Consolidated Subsidiaries GCI Holdings Equity Method Investments Charter Communications, Inc. (Nasdaq: CHTR) GCI Holdings GCI Holdings, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, provides a full range of data, wireless, video, voice, and managed services to residential customers, businesses, governmental entities, and educational and medical institutions primarily in Alaska under the GCI brand. Due to the unique nature of the markets it serves, including harsh winter weather and remote geographies, its customers rely extensively on its systems to meet their communication and entertainment needs. Since its founding in 1979 as a competitive long distance provider, GCI Holdings has consistently expanded its product portfolio and facilities to become the leading integrated communication services provider in markets it serves. Its facilities include redundant and geographically diverse digital undersea fiber optic cable systems linking its Alaska terrestrial networks to the networks of other carriers in the lower 48 contiguous states and a statewide wireless network. 
 I-4 

Table of Contents 
 Throughout its history, GCI Holdings has successfully added and expects to continue to add new products to its product portfolio. GCI Holdings has a demonstrated history of new product evaluation, development and deployment for its customers, and it continues to assess revenue-enhancing opportunities that create value for its customers. Where feasible and where economic analysis supports geographic expansion of its network coverage, it is currently pursuing or expects to pursue opportunities to increase the scale of its facilities, enhance its ability to serve existing customers needs and attract new customers. Additionally, due to the unique market conditions in Alaska, GCI Holdings, and in some cases its customers, participate in several federally (and to a lesser extent locally) subsidized programs designed to financially support the implementation and purchase of telecommunications services in high cost areas. With these programs, GCI Holdings has been able to expand its network into previously undeveloped areas of Alaska and offer comprehensive communications services in many rural parts of the state where it would not otherwise be able to construct facilities within appropriate return-on-investment requirements. GCI Holdings revenue was comprised of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Data services 65 60 56 Wireless services 25 27 27 Other services 10 13 17 GCI Holdings sells new and enhanced services and products to its existing customer base to achieve increased revenue and penetration of its services. Through close coordination of its customer service and sales and marketing efforts, its customer service representatives suggest to its customers other services they can purchase or enhanced versions of services they already purchase. Many calls into the customer service centers or visits into one of the retail stores result in sales of additional services and products. GCI Holdings has empowered its customer service representatives to handle most service issues and questions on a single call. GCI Holdings prioritizes its customer services to expedite handling of its most valuable customers issues, particularly for its largest commercial customers. GCI Holdings believes its integrated approach to customer service, including service set-up, programming various network databases with the customer s information, installation, and ongoing service, allows it to provide a customer experience that fosters customer loyalty. GCI Holdings continues to expand and evolve its integrated network for the delivery of its services. GCI Holdings bundled strategy and integrated approach to serving customers creates efficiencies of scale and maximizes network utilization. By offering multiple services, GCI Holdings is better able to leverage its network assets and increase returns on its invested capital. GCI Holdings periodically evaluates its network assets and continually monitors technological developments that it can potentially deploy to increase network efficiency and performance. GCI Holdings holds a number of federally registered service marks used by its business. It owns two utility patents issued in 2017 pertaining to device diagnostics and network connectivity. The Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ), gives the FCC the authority to license and regulate the use of the electromagnetic spectrum for radio communications. GCI Holdings holds licenses for its satellite and microwave transmission facilities for provision of long-distance services. GCI Holdings holds various licenses for wireless spectrum. These licenses may be revoked and license renewal applications may be denied for cause. However, GCI Holdings expects these licenses to be renewed in due course when, at the end of the license period, a renewal application will be filed. GCI Holdings has licenses for earth stations that are generally licensed for fifteen years. The FCC also issues a single blanket license for a large number of earth stations operating in specific frequency bands. Its operations may require additional licenses in the future. GCI Holdings is certified through the Regulatory Commission of Alaska RCA to provide local, long distance, and video service by Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity CPCN ). These CPCNs are nonexclusive certificates defining each authorized service area. Although CPCNs have no stated expiration date, they may be revoked due to cause. 
 I-5 

Table of Contents 
 Network Services Facilities. GCI Holdings operates an advanced, diverse communications network providing data, mobile, video, voice, and managed services to consumer, business, government, and carrier customers throughout Alaska. GCI Holdings serves urban and rural Alaska utilizing a combination of fiber, microwave, and satellite technologies. GCI Holdings is currently expanding its fiber network to the Aleutian Chain and has launched urban-level service in the region. GCI Holdings extensive use of microwave and satellite technologies also enables it to deliver connectivity to some of Alaska s most-remote communities. GCI Holdings owns and operates a statewide wireless network providing voice and data services to Alaskans. Its statewide wireless network provides fifth generation 5G data service, 4G Long Term Evolution LTE voice and data service, EVDO, 3G UMTS/HSPA+, 2G CDMA, and 2G GSM/EDGE service. It continues to expand and upgrade these services to provide a modern network for Alaska. GCI Holdings dedicated internet access and suite of managed services, including voice, WiFi, firewall, detection and response operate on the highest-capacity backbone in Alaska, with numerous peering partners in Seattle and Portland. The availability and quality of service, as well as statistical information on traffic loading, are continuously monitored for quality assurance. The management platform has the capability to remotely access network elements and service end-points, permitting changes in configuration without the need to physically be at the service end-point. This management platform allows GCI Holdings to offer network monitoring and management services to businesses and governmental entities. GCI Holdings video businesses are located throughout Alaska. Its facilities include hybrid-fiber-coax plant and head-end distribution equipment. The majority of its locations on the fiber routes are served from head-end distribution equipment in Anchorage. All of its cable systems are completely digital. In preparation for GCI Holdings progression to 10 gigabit internet, it is transitioning from traditional delivery methods to an Internet Protocol IP video solution. Charter Communications, Inc. Introduction Charter is a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through its Spectrum brand. Over an advanced high-capacity, two-way telecommunications network, Charter offers a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including Spectrum Internet , TV, Mobile and Voice. For small and medium-sized companies, Spectrum Business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity, while for larger businesses and government entities, Spectrum Enterprise provides highly customized, fiber-based solutions. Spectrum Reach delivers tailored advertising and production for the modern media landscape. Charter also distributes award-winning news coverage and sports programming to its customers through Spectrum Networks. Charter s network, which it owns and operates, passes over an estimated 55 million households and businesses across the United States. Its strategy is focused on the evolution of its network, expansion of its footprint, and the execution of high quality operations, including customer service. It allows Charter to maintain a state-of-the-art network delivering the most compelling converged connectivity services in a capital and time-efficient manner, and in turn, offers advanced services to consumers at highly attractive prices, together with outstanding customer service. Evolution Expanding the Capability of Charter s Network Over the next three years, Charter plans to evolve its hybrid fiber coaxial network using a number of technologies, including spectrum expansion, initially to 1.2 GHz and then to 1.8 GHz, high splits to increase upstream speeds, Distributed Access Architecture DAA and DOCSIS 4.0 technology. Through this process, which Charter expects to essentially complete by year end 2025, it will transform its network to enable multi-gigabit data speeds to customers. Those faster speeds will be offered in conjunction with the Spectrum mobile product and Advanced WiFi, providing customers seamless and convenient, ultra-fast converged connectivity in attractively priced packages, including Spectrum One, introduced in October 2022. In addition, Charter expects its network evolution to enable it to offer fiber on demand across the majority of its footprint. Charter also offers a comprehensive video product, and Xumo, a next generation streaming platform jointly owned with Comcast 
 I-6 

Table of Contents 
 Corporation Comcast ), will create an app-based video platform with the ability to provide streaming video packages, leverage Charter s Spectrum TV application, aggregate consumer streaming applications, and provide an industry leading voice search. Expansion Building Charter s Future by Extending Its Network Rural builds present strategic expansion opportunities of Charter s footprint to unserved and underserved passings. Over the next several years, Charter expects to invest over 6 billion, a portion of which it expects to offset with government funding including over 1.7 billion of support awarded through December 31, 2022 in the Rural Development Opportunity Fund RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants. Charter expects to participate in additional federal, state and municipal grant programs over the coming years. This investment will allow Charter to offer a suite of broadband connectivity services including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile to more than one million estimated passings in unserved areas in states where it currently operates. Charter has also renewed its focus on building to more passings inside and at the edge of its existing network. To accomplish all of this, Charter has invested in new teams, new training and new equipment. These investments will allow Charter to generate long-term infrastructure-style returns by taking further advantage of the efficiencies of the scale and quality of its network and construction capabilities while offering its high quality products and services to more homes and businesses. Execution Turning Charter s Strategy Into Success Charter has competitive services and promotes and packages those services in ways that allow customers to have better products and save money. In addition, its focus on service quality complements its products and price. Charter improves the customer experience by digitizing service where customers prefer, performing proactive maintenance, and investing in systems and in its operations teams. As part of Charter s investment in operations teams, Charter is making targeted adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits and career paths to improve the skills and tenure of its workforce. Products and Services Charter offers its customers subscription-based Internet services, video services, and mobile and voice services. Charter s services are offered to residential and commercial customers on a subscription basis, with prices and related charges based on the types of service selected, whether the services are sold as a bundle or on an individual basis, and based on the equipment necessary to receive Charter s services. Bundled services including some combination of Charter s Internet, video, voice and/or mobile products are available to substantially all of Charter s passings. 
 I-7 

Table of Contents 
 The following table from Charter s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 summarizes Charter s customer statistics for Internet, video, voice and mobile as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands except per customer data and footnotes). 

Approximate as of December 31, 2022 (a) 2021 (a) Customer Relationships (b) Residential 29,988 29,926 Small and Medium Business SMB 2,207 2,143 Total Customer Relationships 32,195 32,069 Monthly Residential Revenue per Residential Customer (c) 114.66 113.61 Monthly SMB Revenue per SMB Customer (d) 164.50 165.50 Internet Residential 28,412 28,137 SMB 2,021 1,952 Total Internet Customers 30,433 30,089 Video Residential 14,497 15,216 SMB 650 617 Total Video Customers 15,147 15,833 Voice Residential 7,697 8,621 SMB 1,286 1,282 Total Voice Customers 8,983 9,903 Mobile Lines (e) Residential 5,116 3,448 SMB 176 116 Total Mobile Lines 5,292 3,564 Enterprise Primary Service Units PSUs (f) 284 272 

 (a) Charter calculates the aging of customer accounts based on the monthly billing cycle for each account. On that basis, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, customers include approximately 144,100 and 128,300 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 60 days past due, approximately 52,800 and 26,800 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 90 days past due, and approximately 214,100 and 43,200 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 120 days past due. Bad debt expense associated with these past due accounts has been reflected in Charter s consolidated statements of operations. The increase in past due accounts is predominately due to pre-existing and incremental unsubsidized services, including video services, for those customers participating in government assistance programs. These customers are downgraded to a fully subsidized Internet-only service. (b) Customer relationships include the number of customers that receive one or more levels of service, encompassing Internet, video and voice services, without regard to which service(s) such customers receive. Customers who reside in residential multiple dwelling units MDUs and that are billed under bulk contracts are counted based on the number of billed units within each bulk MDU. Total customer relationships exclude enterprise and mobile-only customer relationships. 
 I-8 

Table of Contents 
 (c) Monthly residential revenue per residential customer is calculated as total residential annual revenue divided by twelve divided by average residential customer relationships during the respective year and excludes mobile revenue and customers. (d) Monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer is calculated as total SMB annual revenue divided by twelve divided by average SMB customer relationships during the respective year and excludes mobile revenue and customers. (e) Mobile lines include phones and tablets which require one of Charter s standard rate plans (e.g., Unlimited or By the Gig ). Mobile lines exclude wearables and other devices that do not require standard phone rate plans. (f) Enterprise PSUs represent the aggregate number of fiber service offerings counting each separate service offering at each customer location as an individual PSU. 
 Residential Services Connectivity Services Charter provides its customers with a suite of broadband connectivity services including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile which when bundled together provides Charter s customers with a differentiated converged connectivity experience while saving consumers and businesses money. Charter offers Spectrum Internet products with speeds up to 1 Gbps across its entire footprint. Spectrum Internet bundled with Charter s in-home Advanced WiFi allows multiple people within a single household to stream high definition HD video content while simultaneously using its Internet service for other purposes including two-way video conferencing, among other things. Charter s in-home WiFi product provides its Internet customers with high performance wireless routers and a managed WiFi service to maximize their wireless Internet experience. Charter offers Advanced WiFi service across nearly all of its residential footprint along with WiFi 6 routers capable of delivering speeds over 1 Gbps. With Advanced WiFi, customers enjoy a cloud-optimized WiFi connection and have the ability to view and control their WiFi network through the Spectrum application My Spectrum App ). The service enables parental control schedules to be set for children s devices or limit access entirely to unknown devices attempting to access the network. Customers also have the option to add Spectrum WiFi pods to Advanced WiFi. WiFi pods are small, discreet access points that plug into electrical outlets in the home, providing broader and more consistent WiFi coverage. In 2022, Charter began rolling out Spectrum Security Shield across the residential footprint which protects all devices in the home using network-based security. This free security suite provides end point protection to computers in the home, enabling protection against computer viruses, spyware and threats from malicious actors across the Internet. Charter also offers the capabilities of the Advanced WiFi service to MDUs as Advanced Community WiFi ACW ). With ACW, tenants will receive the same visibility and control over their apartment s WiFi networks through the My Spectrum App, while building managers will be able to see and manage the entire building s network through a purpose-built property service portal. The Spectrum Mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to Charter s Internet service, and runs on Verizon Communications Inc. s Verizon mobile network, combined with Spectrum WiFi. Charter offers nationwide 5G service at no incremental cost to its mobile customers enabling them to stream content several times faster and reducing latency when connecting to apps or webpages where 5G coverage exists. In addition, Charter continues to focus on improving the customer experience and integrating its mobile and fixed Internet products, providing greater WiFi access, speeds and performance using more than 500,000 of its out of home WiFi access points across its footprint combined with approximately 25 million out-of-home WiFi access points from other networks with which Charter partners, providing near nationwide coverage. In 2022, Charter launched an enhancement to its connectivity services with Spectrum Mobile Speed Boost at Home Speed Boost ). Customers are eligible for Speed Boost if they have both Spectrum Mobile and Spectrum Internet, a DOCSIS 3.1 modem and an Advanced WiFi router. When connected on their Spectrum Mobile device through their secure in-home WiFi private service set identifier SSID ), customers are now experiencing the fastest overall speeds up to 1 Gbps. The Spectrum Mobile SSID accelerates offload data from Charter s mobile virtual network operator MVNO cellular network to its own WiFi network and Charter expects it to be available across its footprint in 2023. 
 I-9 

Table of Contents 
 Charter provides wireline voice communications services using voice over Internet protocol VoIP technology to transmit digital voice signals over its network. Charter s voice services include unlimited local and long distance calling to the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico, voicemail, call waiting, caller ID, call forwarding and other features and offers international calling either by the minute, or through packages of minutes per month. For customers that subscribe to both Charter s voice and video offerings, caller ID on TV is also available in most areas. Charter also offers Call Guard, an advanced caller ID and robocall blocking solution, for its residential and SMB voice customers. Call Guard reduces customer frustration and improves security by blocking malicious calls while ensuring customers continue to receive the legitimate automated calls they need from schools or healthcare providers. Video Services Charter provides its customers with a choice of video programming services on a variety of platforms including through a digital set-top box or an IP device. Video customers have access to a variety of programming packages with approximately 375 channels available in home and out of home allowing its customers to access the programming they want, when they want it, on any device. Charter s video customers also have access to programmer authenticated applications such as Fox Now, Showtime and ESPN and direct to consumer applications such as Netflix and YouTube on certain set-top boxes. In June 2022, Charter entered into a joint venture with Comcast to develop and offer a next-generation streaming platform, Xumo, with the ability to provide streaming video packages, leverage Charter s Spectrum TV application, aggregate consumer streaming applications, and provide an industry leading voice search, with the benefit of new revenue streams. Charter s video service also includes access to an interactive programming guide with parental controls and in virtually all of its footprint, video on demand VOD or pay-per-view services. VOD service allows customers to select from approximately 90,000 titles at any time. VOD programming options may be accessed at no additional cost if the content is associated with a customer s linear subscription, or for a fee on a transactional basis. VOD services are also offered on a subscription basis included in a digital tier premium channel subscription or for a monthly fee. Pay-per-view channels allow customers to pay on a per-event basis to view a single showing of a one-time special sporting event, music concert, or similar event on a commercial-free basis. Charter also offers digital video recorder DVR service that enables customers to digitally record programming and to pause and rewind live programming on set-top boxes and cloud DVR service, which allows customers to schedule, record and watch their favorite programming anytime from connected IP devices as well as SpectrumTV.com. Customers are increasingly accessing their subscription video content through Charter s highly rated Spectrum TV application via mobile devices and connected IP devices, such as Roku, Xumo TV and Samsung TV. Access to the Spectrum TV application is included in all Spectrum TV video plans and allows users to stream content across a growing number of platforms as well as access their full TV lineup, watch on demand content and gives them the ability to program their DVR from anywhere. Customers are also able to purchase their video services within the Spectrum TV application. Commercial Services Charter offers scalable broadband communications solutions for businesses and carrier organizations of all sizes, selling Internet access, data networking, fiber connectivity to cellular towers and office buildings, video entertainment services and business telephone services. Small and Medium Business Spectrum Business offers Internet, voice and video services to SMBs over its hybrid fiber coaxial network. In addition, Charter offers its Spectrum Mobile service to SMB customers. Spectrum Business includes a full range of video programming and offers Internet speeds up to 1 Gbps across Charter s entire footprint. Spectrum Business also includes a set of business services including static IP and business WiFi, e-mail and security, and voice services through either a traditional voice offering or hosted voice solution. In December 2022, Charter launched Spectrum Business Connect with RingCentral as its new SMB communications solution that includes Spectrum Internet, voice and complementary mobility features, and allows its customers remote and office employees to stay more easily connected regardless of their location. Charter also offers Wireless Internet Backup to its SMB customers which is designed to enhance and protect Internet service for SMBs in the event of a network disruption. 
 I-10 

Table of Contents 
 Enterprise Spectrum Enterprise offers tailored communications products and managed service solutions over a high-capacity last-mile network with speeds up to 100 Gbps to larger businesses and government entities (local, state and federal), in addition to wholesale services to mobile and wireline carriers. The Spectrum Enterprise product portfolio includes connectivity services such as Internet Access (fiber, wireless and coax delivered); Wide Area Network WAN solutions (Ethernet, Software Defined-WAN and cloud connectivity) that privately and securely connect geographically dispersed customer locations and cloud service providers; and Managed Services which address a wide range of enterprise networking (e.g. routing, Local Area Network, WiFi) and security (e.g. firewall, Distributed Denial of Service protection) challenges. To meet the communications needs of these more sophisticated customers, Spectrum Enterprise also offers an array of voice trunking services and unified messaging, communications and collaboration solutions. In December 2022, Charter launched Unified Communications with RingCentral, which integrates Spectrum Enterprise s managed services to complement its other solutions and gives customers more choices for enhancing their digital experience across locations and devices. In addition, for industries such as hospitality, education and healthcare where specialized video solutions are demanded, Spectrum Enterprise offers a wide range of solutions designed to meet those requirements. Spectrum Enterprise serves businesses nationally by combining its large serviceable footprint with a robust portfolio of fiber lit buildings and a significant wholesale partner network. As a result, these customers benefit by obtaining advanced solutions from a single provider who is committed to an exceptional customer experience and who delivers compelling value by simplifying procurement and offering competitive pricing potentially reducing customer costs. Advertising Services Charter s advertising sales division, Spectrum Reach, offers local, regional and national businesses the opportunity to advertise in individual and multiple service areas on cable television networks, various streaming services and numerous advanced advertising platforms. Charter receives revenue from the sale of local advertising across various platforms for networks such as TBS, CNN and ESPN. Charter inserts local advertising on up to 100 channels in over 90 markets. Charter s large footprint provides opportunities for advertising customers to address broader regional audiences from a single provider and thus reach more customers with a single transaction. Charter s size also provides scale to invest in new technology to create more targeted and addressable advertising capabilities. Available advertising time is generally sold by Charter s advertising sales force. In some service areas, Charter has formed advertising interconnects or entered into representation agreements with other video distributors, including, among others, Verizon, DirecTV and Comcast, under which Charter sells advertising on behalf of those operators. In other service areas, Charter enters into representation agreements under which another operator in the area will sell advertising on its behalf. These arrangements enable Charter and its partners to represent and deliver commercials on their inventory across wider geographic areas, replicating the reach of local broadcast television stations to the extent possible. In addition, Charter enters into interconnect agreements from time to time with other cable operators, which, on behalf of a number of video operators, sells advertising time to national and regional advertisers in individual or multiple service areas. Additionally, Charter sells the advertising inventory of its owned and operated local sports and news channels, of its regional sports networks that carry Los Angeles Lakers basketball games and other sports programming and of SportsNet LA, a regional sports network that carries Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games and other sports programming. In 2022, Charter expanded its deployment of household addressability HHA ), which allows for more precise targeting across its footprint. Additionally, in conjunction with other multichannel video programming distributors, Spectrum Reach enables multi-channel cable networks (e.g. AMC, Discovery) to deploy HHA on their own inventory in Charter s footprint, charging them an enablement fee. Charter also continues to further enhance its Ad Portal, which allows small businesses to purchase local cable advertising and/or creative services via its web portal with limited sales personnel interaction at a price within their budgets. Charter s fully deployed Audience App, which uses its proprietary set-top box viewership data (all anonymized and aggregated), allows Charter to create data-driven linear TV campaigns for local advertisers. In 2022, Spectrum Reach launched its first programmatic sales platform allowing advertising agencies and advertisers to buy inventory in a fully automated way. Streaming TV, which is largely comprised of Spectrum TV application impressions, as well as those from numerous over-the-top streaming content providers, is part of its suite of advanced advertising products available to the marketplace. Spectrum Reach is also now employing multi-screen deterministic attribution services for television and streaming services that lets advertisers know the effectiveness of their advertising on Spectrum Reach s platform. 
 I-11 

Table of Contents 
 Other Services Regional Sports Networks Charter has an agreement with the Los Angeles Lakers for rights to distribute all locally available Los Angeles Lakers games through 2033. Charter broadcasts those games on its regional sports network, Spectrum SportsNet. American Media Productions, LLC American Media Productions ), an unaffiliated third party, owns SportsNet LA, a regional sports network carrying the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games and other sports programming. In accordance with agreements with American Media Productions, Charter acts as the network s exclusive affiliate and advertising sales representative and has certain branding and programming rights with respect to the network. In addition, Charter provides certain production and technical services to American Media Productions. The affiliate, advertising, production and programming agreements continue through 2038. Charter also owns 26.8 of Sterling Entertainment Enterprises, LLC (doing business as SportsNet New York), a New York City-based regional sports network that carries New York Mets baseball games as well as other regional sports programming. News Channels Charter owns and manages 37 local news channels, including Spectrum News NY1 and Spectrum News SoCal, 24-hour news channels focused on New York City and Los Angeles, respectively. Charter s local news channels connect the diverse communities and neighborhoods Charter serves providing 24/7 hyperlocal content, focusing on news, programming and storytelling that addresses the deeper needs and interests of its customers. Customers can also read, watch and listen to news stories by its Spectrum News journalists and local partner publications on their mobile device on its Spectrum News application and certain smart TVs and streaming devices. Pricing of Charter s Products and Services Charter s revenue is principally derived from the monthly fees customers pay for the services Charter provides. Charter typically charges a one-time installation fee which is sometimes waived or discounted in certain sales channels during certain promotional periods. Charter s Spectrum pricing and packaging SPP generally offers a standardized price across its services and add-on services allowing customers to design a bundle offering that fits their needs. Charter also has specialized offerings to enhance affordability of its Internet product for qualified low-income households, including Spectrum Internet Assist, a 30 megabits per second Mbps service, and Internet 100, a 100 Mbps service. Both are low cost and include a modem for no additional charge. In addition, many of Charter s customers are eligible for a subsidy through the FCC Affordable Connectivity Program ACP which provides eligible low-income households with up to 30 per month towards Internet service. In October 2022, Charter introduced Spectrum One, which brings together in a high-value package, Spectrum Internet, Advanced WiFi and Unlimited Spectrum Mobile, offering consumers fast, reliable and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go. Alternatively, Charter s mobile customers can choose one of two simple ways to pay for data. Customers can choose from unlimited or by-the-gig data usage plans and can easily switch between mobile data plans during the month. All plans include 5G service, free nationwide talk and text, and simple pricing that includes all taxes and fees. Customers can also purchase mobile devices and accessory products and have the option to pay for devices under interest-free monthly installment plans. Charter s device portfolio includes 5G models from Apple, Google and Samsung and Charter offers trade-in options along with a bring-your-own device program which lowers the costs for its customers switching to Spectrum Mobile from other mobile operators. Charter s Network Technology Charter s network includes three key components: a national backbone, regional/metro networks and a last-mile network. Both its national backbone and regional/metro network components utilize a redundant IP ring/mesh fiber architecture. The national backbone component provides connectivity from regional demarcation points to nationally centralized content, connectivity and services. The regional/metro network components provide connectivity between the regional demarcation points and headends within a specific geographic area and enable the delivery of content and services between these network components. 
 I-12 

Table of Contents 
 Charter s last-mile network utilizes a hybrid fiber coaxial cable HFC architecture, which combines the use of fiber optic cable with coaxial cable. In most systems, Charter delivers its signals via fiber optic cable from the headend to a group of nodes, and uses coaxial cable to deliver the signal from individual nodes to the homes served by that node. Charter s design standard allows spare fiber strands to each node to be utilized for additional residential traffic capacity, and enterprise customer needs as they arise. For Charter s Spectrum Enterprise customers, fiber optic cable is extended to the customer s site. For certain new buildouts, including for its rural construction initiative, and MDU sites, Charter utilizes a fiber deployment. Charter believes that this hybrid network design provides high capacity and signal quality with a cost efficient path to increased speeds. HFC architecture benefits include: bandwidth capacity to enable traditional and two-way video and broadband services; dedicated bandwidth for delivering two-way services, signal quality and higher service reliability, which provides an advantage over fixed wireless offerings; the ability to upgrade capacity at a lower incremental capital cost relative to its competitors; and a powered network enabling Advanced WiFi out-of-home and Charter s future 5G small cell access points. 
 Charter s systems currently provide a two-way all-digital platform, leveraging DOCSIS 3.1 technology and bandwidth of 750 megahertz or greater, to virtually all of its estimated passings. This bandwidth-rich network enables Charter to offer a large selection of HD channels and Spectrum Internet Gig across all of its footprint which enables Charter to provide fast, reliable and secure online connections and meet nearly all current residential customer demands today. Over the next three years, Charter intends to deploy network enhancements to upgrade its footprint initially expanding its spectrum to 1.2 Ghz through a module upgrade in the hub, node and amplifier and using high splits to deliver multi-gig speed capabilities while using the current DOCSIS 3.1 customer premise equipment. Later, Charter will continue to expand its spectrum to 1.2 Ghz but will use DAA to deliver even faster speeds when using the next generation of DOCSIS modem, DOCSIS 4.0. Next, Charter will begin to deploy DOCSIS 4.0 technology, to further increase its spectrum to 1.8 Ghz enabling even higher speed capabilities. This network evolution will also allow Charter to extend fiber services to the home in a success based Fiber on Demand manner and is the technology currently deployed in its rural fiber buildouts. Charter plans to complement its wireline investments with planned WiFi upgrades for in-home routers. With nearly 500 million devices connected wirelessly to Charter s network in its customer s homes and businesses, Charter will unlock its network investments for multi-gigabit speeds through the deployment of WiFi 6E in 2023. Charter owns 210 Citizen Broadband Radio Service CBRS Priority Access Licenses PALs and intends to use these licenses along with unlicensed CBRS spectrum to build its own 5G data-only mobile network on targeted 5G small cell sites leveraging its HFC network to provide power and data connectivity to the majority of the sites. These 5G small cells, combined with growing WiFi capabilities, increase speed and reliability along with improving Charter s cost structure through offload onto its owned networks. In 2022, Charter began a trial of the 5G network, which will inform its deployment plan for 5G small cell sites, as part of a broader multi-year 5G mobile network buildout, based on disciplined cost reduction targets. Rural Construction Initiative In 2022, Charter continued its rural broadband construction initiative in which it intends to expand its network to offer a suite of broadband connectivity services including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile to more than one million estimated passings in unserved areas in states where it currently operates. Charter expects to invest over 6 billion over the next several years, a portion of which it expects to offset with government funding including over 1.7 billion of support awarded through December 31, 2022 in the RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants, and Charter expects to participate in additional federal, state and municipal grant programs over the coming years. In addition to construction in areas subsidized by various government grants, Charter expects to continue rural construction in areas near its current plant and in areas surrounding subsidized construction where synergies can be achieved. These investments will allow Charter to generate long-term infrastructure-style returns by further taking advantage of the efficiencies of the scale and quality of its network and construction capabilities while offering its high quality products and services to more homes and businesses. Charter expects these newly-served homes will be enabled to engage in distance learning, remote work, telemedicine and other bandwidth-heavy applications that require high speed broadband connectivity. Newly-served rural areas will also benefit from Charter s high-value SPP structure including its voice and mobile offerings, as well as its comprehensive selection of video products. The successful and timely execution of such fiber-based construction is dependent on a variety of external factors, including the make-ready and 
 I-13 

Table of Contents 
 utility pole permitting processes. With fewer homes and businesses in these areas, broadband providers need to access multiple poles per home, as opposed to multiple homes per pole in higher-density settings. As a result, pole applications, pole replacement rules and their affiliated issue resolution processes are all factors that can have a significant impact on construction timing and speed to completion. The RDOF auction rules and other subsidy grants establish construction milestones for the build-out utilizing subsidized funding. Failure to meet those milestones could subject Charter to financial penalties. Management, Customer Operations and Marketing Charter s operations are centralized, with senior executives responsible for coordinating and overseeing operations, including establishing company-wide strategies, policies and procedures. Sales and marketing, field operations, customer operations, network operations, engineering, advertising sales, human resources, legal, government relations, information technology and finance are all directed at the corporate level. Regional and local field operations are responsible for customer premise service transactions and maintaining and constructing that portion of Charter s network which is located outdoors. Charter s field operations strategy includes completing a significant portion of its activity with its employees which Charter finds drives consistent and higher quality services. In 2022, Charter s in-house field operations workforce handled approximately 80 of its customer premise service transactions. Charter continues to focus on improving the customer experience through enhanced product offerings, reliability of services, and delivery of quality customer service. As part of Charter s operating strategy, Charter insources most of its customer operations workload. Charter s in-house call centers handle nearly all of Charter s total customer service calls. Charter manages its customer service call centers centrally to ensure a consistent, high quality customer experience. In addition, Charter routes calls by call type to specific agents that only handle such call types, enabling agents to become experts in addressing specific customer needs, creating a better customer experience. Service from Charter s call centers continues to become more efficient as a result of new tool enhancements that give its front-line customer service agents more context and real-time information about the customer and their services which allows them to more effectively troubleshoot and resolve issues. Charter s call center agent desktop interface tool enables virtualization of all call centers thereby better serving its customers. Virtualization allows calls to be routed across Charter s call centers regardless of the location origin of the call, reducing call wait times, and saving costs. Charter also provides customers with the opportunity to interact with it in the manner they choose through self-service options on its customer website and mobile device application, or via telephonic communication, online chat and social media. Charter s customer websites and mobile applications enable customers to pay their bills, manage their accounts, order and activate new services and utilize self-service help and support. In addition, Charter s self-install program has been beneficial for customers who need flexibility in the timing of their installation. Charter sells its residential and commercial services using national brand platforms known as Spectrum, Spectrum Business, Spectrum Enterprise and Spectrum Reach. These brands reflect Charter s comprehensive approach to industry-leading products, driven by speed, performance and innovation. Charter s marketing strategy emphasizes the sale of its bundled services through targeted direct response marketing programs to existing and potential customers, and increases awareness and the value of the Spectrum brand. Charter s marketing organization creates and executes marketing programs intended to grow customer relationships, increase the number of services it sells per relationship, retain existing customers and cross-sell additional products to current customers. Charter monitors the effectiveness of its marketing efforts, customer perception, competition, pricing, and service preferences, among other factors, in order to increase its responsiveness to customers and to improve sales and customer retention. Charter s marketing organization manages all residential and SMB sales channels including inbound, direct sales, on-line, outbound telemarketing and stores. Programming Charter believes that offering a wide variety of video programming choices influences a customer s decision to subscribe to and retain its cable video services. Charter obtains basic and premium programming, usually pursuant to written contracts from a number of suppliers. Media corporation and broadcast station group consolidation has, however, resulted in fewer suppliers and additional selling power on the part of programming suppliers. Programming is usually made available to Charter for a license fee, which is generally paid based on the number of customers to whom it makes that programming available. Programming license fees may include volume discounts and other financial incentives and/or ongoing marketing support, as well as discounts for channel placement or service penetration. For 
 I-14 

Table of Contents 
 home shopping channels, Charter typically receives a percentage of the revenue attributable to its customers purchases. Charter also offers VOD and pay-per-view channels of movies and events that are subject to a revenue split with the content provider. Footprint Charter operates in geographically diverse areas which are managed centrally on a consolidated level. The map below highlights its footprint along with Charter s planned rural expansion over the next several years based on grants awarded as of December 31, 2022. Ownership Interests We own an approximate 30.9 economic ownership interest in Charter, based on shares of Charter s Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Upon the closing of the Time Warner Cable merger, the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2015, by and among Charter, Liberty Broadband and Advance/Newhouse Partnership, as amended (the Stockholders Agreement ), became fully effective. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Liberty Broadband s equity ownership in Charter (on a fully diluted basis) is capped at the greater of 26 or the voting cap Equity Cap ). As of December 31, 2022, due to Liberty Broadband s voting interest exceeding the current voting cap of 25.01 , our voting control of the aggregate voting power of Charter is 25.01 . Under the Stockholders Agreement, Liberty Broadband has agreed to vote (subject to certain exceptions) all voting securities beneficially owned by it, or over which it has voting discretion or control that are in excess of the voting cap in the same proportion as all other votes cast by public stockholders of Charter with respect to the applicable matter. In February 2021, Liberty Broadband was notified that its ownership interest, on a fully diluted basis, had exceeded the Equity Cap set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. On February 23, 2021, Charter and Liberty Broadband entered into a letter agreement in order to implement, facilitate and satisfy the terms of the Stockholders Agreement with respect to the Equity Cap . 
 I-15 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to this letter agreement, following any month during which Charter purchases, redeems or buys back shares of its Class A common stock, and prior to certain meetings of Charter s stockholders, Liberty Broadband will be obligated to sell to Charter, and Charter will be obligated to purchase, such number of shares of Class A common stock as is necessary (if any) to reduce Liberty Broadband s percentage equity interest, on a fully diluted basis, to the Equity Cap (such transaction, a Charter Repurchase ). The per share sale price for each share of Charter will be equal to the volume weighted average price paid by Charter in its repurchases, redemptions and buybacks of its common stock (subject to certain exceptions) during the month prior to the Charter Repurchase (or, if applicable, during the relevant period prior to the relevant meeting of Charter stockholders). Under the terms of the letter agreement, Liberty Broadband sold 6,168,174 and 6,077,664 shares of Charter Class A common stock to Charter for 3.0 billion and 4.2 billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to maintain our fully diluted ownership percentage at 26 . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband sold 120,149 shares of Charter Class A common stock to Charter for 42 million. Under the Stockholders Agreement, we have the right to designate three directors to the Charter board of directors, subject to certain exclusions and requirements. Charter has agreed to cause the appointment of at least one of our designees to serve on the nominating and corporate governance, finance, audit and compensation and benefits committees of the board, provided they meet the independence and other qualifications for membership on those committees. Regulatory Matters The following summary addresses the key regulatory and legislative developments affecting the cable industry and Charter and GCI Holdings services for both residential and commercial customers. Cable systems and related communications networks and services are extensively regulated by the federal government (primarily the FCC), certain state governments, and many local governments. A failure to comply with these regulations could subject both Charter and GCI Holdings to substantial penalties. The following summary of regulatory issues does not purport to describe all existing and proposed federal, state, and local laws and regulations, or judicial and regulatory proceedings that affect these businesses. These businesses can be dramatically impacted by changes to the existing regulatory framework, whether triggered by legislative, administrative, or judicial rulings. Congress and the FCC have frequently revisited the subject of communications regulation, and they are likely to do so again in the future. Charter and GCI Holdings could be materially disadvantaged in the future if they are subject to new laws, regulations or regulatory actions that do not equally impact key competitors. For example, Internet-delivered streaming video services compete with traditional video service, but they are not subject to the same level of federal, state, and local regulation. There is no assurance that the already extensive regulation of cable systems and communications networks will not be expanded in the future. In addition, through May 2023, Charter is subject to Charter-specific conditions regarding certain business practices as a result of the FCC s approval of Charter s merger in 2016 with Time Warner Cable Inc. TWC and acquisition of Bright House Networks, LLC Bright House ). Video Service and Products Must Carry/Retransmission Consent There are two alternative legal methods for carriage of local broadcast television stations on cable systems. Federal must carry regulations require cable systems to carry local broadcast television stations upon the request of the local broadcaster. Alternatively, federal law includes retransmission consent regulations, by which popular commercial television stations can prohibit cable carriage unless the cable operator first negotiates for retransmission consent, which may be conditioned on significant payments or other concessions. Popular stations routinely invoke retransmission consent and demand substantial compensation increases in their negotiations with cable operators, thereby significantly increasing operating costs. The current rules do not require any cable operator to carry multiple digital programming streams from a single broadcast television station, but should the FCC change this policy, additional cable capacity would need to be devoted to carrying additional broadcast television programming streams, a step that could require the removal of other programming services. Pole Attachments The Communications Act requires many investor-owned utilities owning utility poles to provide cable systems with access to poles and conduits and also subjects the rates charged for this access to either federal or state regulation. The federally regulated rates now applicable to pole attachments used for cable or telecommunications services, including when offered together with Internet service, are substantially similar. The FCC s approach does not directly affect the rate in states that self- 
 I-16 

Table of Contents 
 regulate, but many of those states have substantially the same rate for all communications attachments. There can be challenges getting access to poles in rural areas when the FCC pole attachment rules do not apply. For the state of Alaska, in which GCI Holdings subsidiaries operate, the RCA does not use the federal formula and instead has adopted its own formula that has been in place since 1987. This formula could be subject to further revisions upon petition to the RCA. In addition, in 2011, the FCC adopted an order to rationalize different pole attachment rates among types of services, and in 2015, took further steps to bring telecommunications and cable pole attachment rates into parity. Though the general purpose of the rule changes was to ensure pole attachment rates as low and as uniform as possible, GCI Holdings does not expect the rules to have an impact on the terms under which it accesses poles. GCI Holdings cannot predict the likelihood of the RCA changing its formula, adopting the federal formula, or relinquishing its oversight of pole attachments to the FCC, any of which could increase the cost of its operations. Other FCC Regulatory Matters The Communications Act and FCC regulations cover a variety of additional areas applicable to its video services, including, among other things: (1) licensing of systems and facilities, including the grant of various spectrum licenses; (2) equal employment opportunity obligations; (3) customer service standards; (4) technical standards; (5) mandatory blackouts of certain network and syndicated programming; (6) restrictions on political advertising; (7) restrictions on advertising in children s programming; (8) ownership restrictions; (9) posting of certain information on an FCC public file website, including but not limited to political advertising records, equal employment opportunity practices, compliance with children s programming requirements, policies for commercial leased access, system information, and channel carriage information including disclosure of ownership interests in channels carried; (10) emergency alert systems; (11) inside wiring and contracts for MDU complexes; (12) accessibility of content, including requirements governing video-description and closed-captioning; (13) competitive availability of cable equipment; (14) the provision of up to 15 of video channel capacity for commercial leased access by unaffiliated third parties; and (15) public, education and government entity access requirements. Each of these regulations restricts Charter and GCI Holdings business practices to varying degrees and may impose additional costs on Charter and GCI Holdings operations. The FCC regulates spectrum usage in ways that could impact Charter and GCI Holdings operations including for microwave backhaul, broadcast, unlicensed WiFi and CBRS. These businesses ability to access and use spectrum that may become available in the future is uncertain and may be limited by further FCC auction or allocation decisions. New spectrum obtained by other parties could also lead to additional wireless competition to these businesses existing and future services. It is possible that Congress or the FCC will expand or modify its regulation of cable systems or the services delivered over cable systems and competing services in the future, and Charter and GCI Holdings cannot predict at this time how that might impact their businesses. Copyright The carriage of television and radio broadcast signals by cable systems are subject to a federal compulsory copyright license. In exchange for filing certain reports and contributing a percentage of their revenue to a federal copyright royalty pool that varies depending on the size of the system, the number of distant broadcast television signals carried, and the location of the cable system, cable operators can obtain blanket permission to retransmit copyrighted material included in broadcast signals. The copyright law provides copyright owners the right to audit payments under the compulsory license, and the Copyright Office is currently considering modifications to the license s royalty calculations and reporting obligations. The possible modification or elimination of this license is the subject of continuing legislative proposals and administrative review and could adversely affect Charter and GCI Holdings ability to obtain desired broadcast programming. Copyright clearances for non-broadcast programming services are arranged through private negotiations. Franchise Matters Charter and GCI Holdings cable systems generally are operated pursuant to nonexclusive franchises, permits, and similar authorizations granted by a municipality or other state or local government entity in order to utilize and cross public rights-of-way. Cable franchises generally are granted for fixed terms and in many cases include monetary penalties for noncompliance and may be terminable if the franchisee fails to comply. The specific terms and conditions of cable franchises 
 I-17 

Table of Contents 
 vary significantly between jurisdictions. They generally contain provisions governing cable operations, franchise fees, system construction, maintenance, technical performance, customer service standards, supporting and carrying public, education and government access channels, and changes in the ownership of the franchisee. Although local franchising authorities have considerable discretion in establishing franchise terms, certain federal protections benefit cable operators. For example, federal law imposes a cap on franchise fees of 5 of gross revenue from the provision of cable services over the cable system. In 2019, the FCC clarified that the value of in-kind contribution requirements set forth in cable franchises is subject to the statutory cap on franchise fees, and it reaffirmed that state and local authorities are barred from imposing franchise fees on revenue derived from non-cable services, such as Internet services, provided by cable operators over cable systems. Those rules were generally upheld by a federal court in 2021. A number of states have adopted franchising laws that provide for state-issued franchising. Generally, state-issued cable franchises are for a fixed term (or in perpetuity), streamline many of the traditional local cable franchise requirements and eliminate local negotiation and enforcement of terms. The RCA is the franchising authority for all of Alaska, and issues CPCNs for communities. GCI Holdings believes that it has generally met the terms of its CPCNs, which do not require periodic renewal, and has provided quality levels of service. Military franchise requirements also affect its ability to provide video services to military bases. The Communications Act provides for an orderly franchise renewal process in which granting authorities may not unreasonably deny renewals. If Charter fails to obtain renewals of franchises representing a significant number of its customers, it could have a material adverse effect on Charter s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or its liquidity. Similarly, if a franchising authority s consent is required for the purchase or sale of a cable system, the franchising authority may attempt to impose more burdensome requirements as a condition for providing its consent. Data Services and Products General . There is no one entity or organization that governs the global operation of the Internet. Each facilities-based network provider that is interconnected with the global Internet controls operational aspects of its own network. Certain functions, such as IP addressing, domain name routing, and the definition of the TCP/IP protocol, are coordinated by an array of quasi-governmental, intergovernmental, and non-governmental bodies. The legal authority of these bodies is not precisely defined. The vast majority of users connect to the Internet over facilities of existing communications carriers. Those communications carriers are subject to varying levels of regulation at both the federal and state level. Thus, non-Internet-specific regulatory decisions exercise a significant influence over the economics of the Internet market. Many aspects of the coordination and regulation of Internet activities and the underlying networks over which those activities are conducted are evolving. Internet-specific and non-Internet-specific changes in the regulatory environment, including changes that affect communications costs or increase competition from Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers ILECs or other communications services providers, could adversely affect the costs and the prices for Internet-based services. The FCC originally classified broadband Internet access services, such as those Charter and GCI Holdings offer, as an information service, which exempted the service from traditional communications common carrier laws and regulations. In 2015, the FCC reclassified broadband Internet access services as telecommunications service and, on that basis, imposed a number of net neutrality rules governing the provision of broadband service. In an order released in 2018, the FCC reversed its 2015 decision and eliminated the 2015 rules, other than a transparency requirement, which obligates Charter and GCI Holdings to disclose performance statistics and other service information to consumers. It is possible that the FCC might again revise its approach to broadband Internet access, or that Congress might enact legislation affecting the rules applicable to the service. The application of new legal requirements to both Charter and GCI Holdings Internet services could adversely affect their respective businesses. The FCC recently adopted new rules to expand the surviving transparency requirement by requiring Charter and GCI Holdings to post standardized labels similar to the format of food nutrition labels for each of their currently available consumer Internet offerings. The rules require disclosure of information regarding broadband prices, introductory rates, data allowances, and broadband speeds. These new rules are scheduled to take effect six months after approval by the federal Office of Management and Budget. 
 I-18 

Table of Contents 
 The 2018 FCC order reclassifying Internet access services also ruled that state regulators may not impose obligations similar to federal network neutrality obligations that the FCC eliminated, but this blanket prohibition was vacated by the U.S. Court of Appeals in 2019. The court left open the possibility that individual state laws could be deemed preempted on a case by case basis if it is shown that they conflict with federal law. Several states have adopted rules similar to the network neutrality requirements that were eliminated by the FCC, and the California rules were upheld in federal court. California has also adopted other regulations on Internet services, including network resiliency rules to assure backup power is available after natural disasters and other outages, and it has an open proceeding to consider the imposition of service quality metrics on Internet service providers. New York adopted legislation that would have required Internet service providers to offer a discounted Internet service to qualifying low-income consumers, but a federal district judge enjoined enforcement as likely to be deemed rate regulation of Internet service that would be preempted by federal law. That decision is currently being appealed. Charter and GCI Holdings cannot predict what other legislation and regulations may be adopted by states or how challenges to such requirements will be resolved. In recent years, the federal, state and local governments have offered billions of dollars in subsidies to companies deploying broadband to areas deemed to be unserved or underserved, using funds from the FCC s RDOF auction in 2020, The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA ), and The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 (the IIJA ). Charter and GCI Holdings support such subsidies, provided they are not directed to areas that are already served and have sought and expect to continue to seek subsidies for their own broadband construction in unserved and underserved areas through programs including RDOF and those created pursuant to ARPA and, if regulatory requirements are reasonable, the IIJA. Charter has been awarded over 1.7 billion in the RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants that will partially fund, along with its substantial additional investment, the construction of new broadband infrastructure to more than one million estimated passings. Charter s awards through RDOF and ARPA include a number of regulatory requirements, such as serving as the carrier of last resort and completing increasingly larger portions of the network construction by certain dates. If Charter fails to meet these obligations, Charter could be subject to substantial government penalties. The markets for Charter and GCI Holdings Internet services are affected by participation in and the general availability of programs that offer federal subsidies for certain low-income consumers for the purchase of Internet access service. In 2021, pursuant to Congressional appropriation for COVID relief, the FCC established a temporary monthly Emergency Broadband Benefit Program EBBP subsidy of up to 50 for most eligible low-income households. With the funding for EBBP set to run out, Congress in the IIJA authorized 14.2 billion for the successor ACP that provides up to a 30 monthly discount for most eligible customers paid to the household s broadband provider. Charter and GCI Holdings elected to participate in the EBBP and ACP, and the FCC regulates many of the terms on which ACP services are provided, including restrictions on Charter and GCI Holdings ability to refuse service to prospective eligible customers based upon their credit or payment history. The ACP discount enables eligible households to purchase Charter s Spectrum Internet Assist service at no cost to them, and it cannot be predicted whether Congress or the FCC will provide additional funding to extend the ACP, or on what terms, when ACP funding runs out, which is expected to be at some point in 2024. Rural Health Care RHC Program. The Universal Service Fund USF RHC Program provides funding to eligible healthcare providers for telecommunications and broadband services. The RHC Telecommunications Program subsidizes the rates for telecommunications services provided to rural health care providers based on the difference between the urban and rural rates for such services. The Healthcare Connect Fund Program provides support for high-capacity broadband connectivity to eligible health care providers. In connection with receiving these subsidies, GCI Holdings prepares annual cost studies in support of the rates it charges, and submits these studies to the FCC for review. FCC Rate Reduction. In November 2017, the Universal Service Administrative Company USAC requested further information in support of the rural rates charged to a number of GCI Holdings RHC customers in connection with the funding requests for the year that runs July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2018. On October 10, 2018, GCI Holdings received a letter from the FCC s Wireline Competition Bureau Bureau notifying it of the Bureau s decision to reduce the rural rates charged to RHC customers for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 by approximately 26 resulting in a reduction of total support payments of 28 million. The FCC also informed GCI Holdings that the same cost methodology used for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 would be applied to rates charged to RHC customers in subsequent funding years. In response to the Bureau s letter, GCI Holdings filed an Application for Review with the FCC. On October 20, 2020, the Bureau issued two separate letters approving the cost-based rural rates GCI Holdings historically applied when recognizing revenue for services provided to its RHC customers for the funding years that ended on June 30, 2019 and June 30, 2020. GCI Holdings collected approximately 175 million in accounts receivable relating to these 
 I-19 

Table of Contents 
 two funding years during the year ended December 31, 2021. GCI Holdings also filed an Application for Review of these determinations. Subsequently, GCI identified rates for similar services provided by a competitor that would justify higher rates for certain GCI satellite services in the funding years that ended on June 30, 2018, June 30, 2019, and June 30, 2020. GCI submitted that information to the Bureau on September 7, 2021. The Applications for Review remain pending. On June 25, 2020, GCI Holdings submitted cost studies with respect to a number of its rates for services provided to its RHC customers for the funding year ended June 30, 2021, which require approval by the Bureau. GCI Holdings further updated those studies on November 12, 2020, to reflect the completion of the bidding season for that funding year. On May 24, 2021, the FCC approved the cost studies submitted by GCI Holdings for the funding year ended June 30, 2021. Subsequently, on August 16, 2021, GCI submitted a request for approval of rates for 17 additional sites, 13 of which the FCC approved on December 22, 2022. The rest remain pending. RHC Program Funding Cap. The RHC program has a funding cap for each individual funding year that is annually adjusted for inflation, and which the FCC can increase by carrying forward unused funds from prior funding years. In recent years, including the current year, this funding cap has not limited the amount of funding received by participants; however, management continues to monitor the funding cap and its potential impact on funding in future years. Enforcement Bureau and Related Inquiries. On March 23, 2018, GCI Holdings received a letter of inquiry and request for information from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC relating to the period beginning January 1, 2015 and including all future periods. This includes inquiry into the rates charged by GCI Holdings and other aspects related to the Enforcement Bureau s review of GCI Holdings compliance with program rules, which are discussed separately below. The ongoing uncertainty in program funding, as well as the uncertainty associated with the rate review, could have an adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In the fourth quarter of 2019, GCI Holdings became aware of potential RHC Program compliance issues related to certain of GCI Holdings currently active and expired contracts with certain of its RHC customers. The Company and its external experts performed significant and extensive procedures to determine whether GCI Holdings currently active and expired contracts with its RHC customers would be deemed to be in compliance with the RHC Program rules. GCI Holdings notified the FCC of the potential compliance issues in the fourth quarter of 2019. On May 28, 2020, GCI Holdings received a second letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau in the same matter noted above. This second letter, which was in response to a voluntary disclosure made by GCI Holdings to the FCC, extended the scope of the original inquiry to also include various questions regarding compliance with the records retention requirements related to the (i) original inquiry and (ii) RHC Program. On December 17, 2020, GCI Holdings received a Subpoena Duces Tecum from the FCC s Office of the Inspector General requiring production of documents from January 1, 2009 to the present related to a single RHC customer and related contracts, information regarding GCI Holdings determination of rural rates for a single customer, and to provide information regarding persons with knowledge of pricing practices generally. On April 21, 2021, representatives of the Department of Justice DOJ informed GCI Holdings that a qui tam action has been filed in the Western District of Washington arising from the subject matter under review by the Enforcement Bureau. The DOJ is investigating whether GCI Holdings submitted false claims and/or statements in connection with GCI s participation in the FCC s RHC Program. On July 14, 2021, the DOJ issued a Civil Investigative Demand with regard to the qui tam action. The FCC s Enforcement Bureau and GCI Holdings held discussions regarding GCI Holdings potential RHC Program compliance issues related to certain of its contracts with its RHC customers for which GCI Holdings had previously recognized an estimated liability for a probable loss of approximately 12 million in 2019 for contracts that were deemed probable of not complying with the RHC Program rules. During the year ended December 31, 2022, GCI Holdings recorded an additional estimated settlement expense of 15 million relating to a settlement offer made by GCI Holdings resulting in a total estimated liability of 27 million. GCI Holdings also identified certain contracts where additional loss was reasonably possible and such loss could range from zero to 30 million, which is a reduction of the reasonably possible loss range as previously disclosed in our December 31, 2021 Form 10-K given the settlement offer made during 2022. An accrual was not made for the amount of the reasonably possible loss in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. GCI Holdings could also be assessed fines and penalties but such amounts could not be reasonably estimated. 
 I-20 

Table of Contents 
 The DOJ and GCI Holdings held discussions regarding the qui tam action whereby the DOJ clarified that its investigation relates to the years from 2010 through 2019 and alleged that GCI Holdings had submitted false claims under the RHC Program during this time period. GCI Holdings continues to work with the DOJ related to this matter and has recorded a 14 million estimated settlement expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 to reflect discussions and settlement offers that GCI Holdings made to the DOJ during 2022. However, the Company is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of this action and is unable to reasonably estimate any range of additional possible loss beyond the 14 million estimated settlement liability, including any type of fine or penalty that may ultimately be assessed as permitted under the applicable law. Separately, during the third quarter of 2022, GCI Holdings became aware of possible RHC Program compliance issues relating to potential conflicts of interest identified in the historical competitive bidding process with respect to certain of its contracts with its RHC customers. GCI Holdings notified the FCC s Enforcement Bureau of the potential compliance issues; however, the Company is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of the potential compliance issues and is unable to reasonably estimate any range of loss or possible loss. Revision of Support Calculations. On August 20, 2019, the FCC released an order changing the manner in which support issued under the RHC Program will be calculated and approved. Some of these changes will become effective beginning with the funding year ended June 30, 2021, while others will apply beginning with the funding year ending June 30, 2022. On October 21, 2019, GCI Holdings appealed the order to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On December 6, 2019, that appeal was held in abeyance for nine months due to pending Petitions for Reconsideration filed by other parties at the FCC. The period of abeyance was subsequently extended several times, and is currently in place through March 8, 2023. At the direction of the FCC, USAC has released a database that purports to determine a median rate which will cap the amount of support available for each service sold under the program, starting in the funding year ending June 30, 2022. GCI Holdings has sought FCC review of various aspects of the database implementation. On September 30, 2020, USAC released a refreshed version of the database incorporating limited changes submitted by interested parties. On January 19, 2021, the Bureau issued an Order that waives the requirement to use the database for health care providers in Alaska for the two funding years ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023. The Order requires GCI Holdings to determine its rural rates based on previously approved rates or under reinstitution of the rules currently in effect through the funding year ended on June 30, 2021. On April 8, 2021, the Bureau issued an Order further extending the January 19, 2021 waiver to carriers nationwide and eliminating the ability or requirement to use the database to establish the healthcare provider payments for services subsidized by the RHC Telecom Program. On April 12, 2022 and May 25, 2022, the Bureau issued Orders further extending the January 19, 2021 and April 8, 2021 waivers regarding use of the database by health care providers seeking support under the RHC Program through the funding year ending June 30, 2024. On January 26, 2023, the Commission adopted an Order on Reconsideration, Report and Order, and Second Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, which grants the petitions challenging the rates database, returns the RHC Telecom Program to the rate determination rules in place prior to the adoption of the rates database, permits providers to determine rural rates based on previously approved rates through the funding years ending June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2026, and seeks comment on future revisions to the rate determination rules. Schools and Libraries Program . In 2014, the FCC adopted orders modernizing the USF Schools and Libraries Program E-Rate ), which aids schools and libraries in obtaining affordable broadband. These orders, among other things, increased the annual E-Rate cap by approximately 1.5 billion, designated funds for internal connections within schools and libraries, and eliminated funding for certain legacy services, such as voice, to increase the availability of 21st century connectivity to support digital learning in schools nationwide. These orders did not have a material effect on the overall E-Rate support available to GCI Holdings schools and libraries customers, and therefore did not materially affect its revenue from such customers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional risks related to GCI Holdings participation in this USF program. Other Federal Activities . Congress and certain federal agencies are considering ways to streamline federal permitting obligations and are in the process of providing significant additional financial support for broadband services in areas that are difficult to serve. GCI Holdings continues to monitor these activities and cannot predict at this time whether those efforts will make a material difference to its ability to deploy broadband infrastructure. Wireline Voice Services and Products General. The FCC has never classified the VoIP wireline telephone services that Charter and GCI Holdings offer as telecommunications services that are subject to traditional federal common carrier regulation, but instead has imposed some of these regulatory requirements on a case-by-case basis, such as requirements relating to 911 emergency services E911 ), Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act CALEA (the statute governing law enforcement access to and 
 I-21 

Table of Contents 
 surveillance of communications), USF contributions, customer privacy and Customer Proprietary Network Information protections, number portability, network outage reporting, rural call completion, disability access, regulatory fees, back-up power, robocall mitigation and discontinuance of service. It is possible that the FCC or Congress will impose additional federal requirements on VoIP telephone services in the future. Charter and GCI Holdings VoIP telephone services are subject to certain state and local regulatory fees such as E911 fees and contributions to state universal service funds. Additionally, to comply with RDOF program requirements, Charter has chosen in the RDOF areas to offer Lifeline VoIP telephone services subject to traditional federal and state common carrier regulations. Except where Charter has chosen to offer VoIP telephone services in such a manner it believes that its VoIP telephone services should be governed primarily by federal regulation. A federal appellate court affirmed Charter s successful challenge to Minnesota s attempt to generally apply telephone regulation to its VoIP services, but that ruling is limited to the seven states in the 8th Circuit. Some states have attempted to subject cable VoIP services, such as Charter and GCI Holdings VoIP telephone service, to state level regulation. California has imposed reporting and other obligations on Charter s VoIP services, including backup power requirements and has proposed the imposition of service quality metrics on VoIP services. Charter has registered with or obtained certificates or authorizations from the FCC and the state regulatory authorities in those states in which Charter offers competitive voice services in order to ensure the continuity of its services. However, it is unclear whether and how these and other ongoing regulatory matters ultimately will be resolved. State regulatory commissions and legislatures may continue to consider imposing regulatory requirements on Charter s fixed telephone services. As an interexchange carrier, GCI Holdings is subject to regulation by the FCC and the RCA as a non-dominant provider of interstate, international, and intrastate long-distance services. As a state-certificated competitive local exchange carrier, GCI Holdings is subject to regulation by the FCC and the RCA as a non-dominant provider of local communications services. However, as of November 2019, the Alaska Legislature eliminated the RCA s regulation of rates but retained its certificate authority for intrastate long-distance and local communications services. Military franchise requirements also affect GCI Holdings ability to provide communications services to military bases. Universal Service for Rural and High Cost Areas. The USF provides support to Eligible Telecommunications Carriers ETCs related to their provision of facilities-based wireline telephone service in high cost areas. Under the Alaska High Cost Order issued by the FCC in 2016, GCI Holdings receives this support for its incumbent local exchange carrier operations, which are ETCs under FCC regulations and RCA Orders. This support is frozen at the 2011 levels for High Cost Loop Support and Interstate Common Line Support, with certain adjustments. The support has a ten-year term, from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2026. Without ETC status, GCI Holdings would not qualify for USF support in these areas, and its net cost of providing local telephone services in these areas would be materially adversely affected. See Description of Business Regulatory Matters - Wireless Services and Products - Universal Service for information on USF reform. Pursuant to the Alaska High Cost Order, GCI Holdings must meet certain performance requirements with respect to the offering of broadband services in its incumbent local exchange carrier areas. The FCC directed the Bureau to reassess those performance commitments before December 31, 2021, and the Bureau approved revised performance commitments on December 23, 2021. If GCI Holdings fails to meet these performance requirements, it will be subject to repayment of a portion of the high cost support received, as specified in the Alaska High Cost Order. Rural Exemption and Interconnection. A Rural Telephone Company is exempt from compliance with certain material interconnection requirements under Section 251(c) of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996, including the obligation to negotiate Section 251(b) and (c) interconnection requirements in good faith, unless and until a state regulatory commission lifts such rural exemption or otherwise finds it does not apply. All ILECs in Alaska are Rural Telephone Companies except Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. in its Anchorage study area. GCI Holdings participated in numerous proceedings regarding the rural exemptions of various ILECs in order to achieve the necessary interconnection agreements with the remaining ILECs. In other cases, the interconnection agreements were reached by negotiation without regard to the implications of the ILEC s rural exemption. GCI Holdings has negotiated and will continue to negotiate interconnection agreements as necessary. GCI Holdings has entered all of the major Alaskan markets with local access services. See Description of Business Competition Voice Services and Products for more information. Access Charges and Other Regulated Fees. The FCC regulates the fees that local telephone companies charge long-distance companies for access to their local networks. In 2011, the FCC released rules to restructure and reduce over time 
 I-22 

Table of Contents 
 terminating interstate access charges, along with a proposal to adopt similar reforms applicable to originating interstate access charges. The details of implementation in general and between different classes of technology continue to be addressed by the FCC, and could affect the economics of some aspects of GCI Holdings business. GCI Holdings cannot predict at this time the impact of this implementation or future implementation of adopted reforms, but GCI Holdings does not expect it to have a material adverse impact on its operations. Unbundled Network Elements. Although GCI Holdings primarily provides communications services over its own facilities, the ability to obtain access to other providers networks is an important element of its local access services business. Changes in applicable regulations and the wholesale offerings of suppliers could affect GCI Holdings ability to provide service. Wireless Services and Products General . The FCC regulates the licensing, leasing, construction, interconnection, operation, acquisition, and transfer of wireless network systems in the United States pursuant to the Communications Act. GCI Holdings wireless licensee subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the FCC, and must comply with certain build-out and other license conditions, as well as with the FCC s specific regulations governing wireless services. The FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of services licensees may offer and how such services may be offered, and the resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. The FCC does not currently regulate rates for services offered by commercial mobile radio service providers (the official legal description for wireless service providers). Commercial mobile radio service wireless systems are subject to Federal Aviation Administration and FCC regulations governing the location, lighting, construction, modification, and registration of antenna structures on which GCI Holdings antennas and associated equipment are located and are also subject to regulation under federal environmental laws and the FCC s environmental regulations, including limits on radio frequency radiation from wireless handsets and antennas. Universal Service. Under FCC regulations and RCA orders, GCI Holdings is an authorized ETC for purposes of providing wireless telephone service in many rural areas throughout Alaska. Without ETC status, GCI Holdings would not qualify for USF support in these areas or other rural areas where it proposes to offer facilities-based wireless telephone services, and its net cost of providing wireless telephone services in these areas would be materially adversely affected. Per the Alaska High Cost Order, as of January 1, 2017, Remote (as defined by the Alaska High Cost Order) high cost support payments to Alaska High Cost participants are frozen on a per-company basis at adjusted December 2014 levels for a ten-year term in exchange for meeting individualized performance obligations to offer voice and broadband services meeting the service obligations at specified minimum speeds by five-year and ten-year service milestones to a specified number of locations. Remote high cost support is no longer dependent upon line counts and line count filings are no longer required. Under the terms of the Alaska High Cost Order, the FCC was to initiate a process in 2021 to eliminate duplicate support in areas that were served by more than one subsidized mobile wireless carrier as of December 31, 2020. As part of the Alaska High Cost Order, the FCC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on how to implement that process. The FCC has not to date issued any further orders with respect to that process. On January 4, 2023, the Alaska Telecom Association filed a Petition for Expedited Rulemaking at the FCC, seeking to begin a rulemaking proceeding to extend the Alaska High Cost Order through December 31, 2034 and increase support to account for past and future inflation. Emergency 911 . The FCC has imposed rules requiring carriers to provide emergency 911 services, including E911 services that provide the caller s phone number and approximate location to local public safety dispatch agencies. Providers are required to transmit the geographic coordinates of the customer s location, for both indoor and outdoor locations, within accuracy parameters revised by the FCC, to be implemented over a phase-in period. The FCC also imposed requirements to allow users to text-to-911 if the local public safety dispatch agency requests and is able to receive such texts. Providers may not demand cost recovery as a condition of providing E911, although they are permitted to negotiate cost recovery if it is not mandated by the state or local governments. On June 1, 2020 and subsequently on May 24, 2021, GCI Holdings timely sought waivers from the FCC concerning the percentage of wireless calls required to meet 911 location accuracy benchmarks pursuant to the FCC s phase-in period. In December 2021, GCI Holdings met the 2020 benchmark. GCI Holdings has been able to meet FCC requirements for text-to-911 obligations to date. Additionally, on an ongoing basis, GCI Holdings is subject to FCC-imposed rules requiring timely reporting of outages impacting access to emergency 911 services. Failure to comply with reporting requirements could result in the imposition of fines and other administrative remedies. 
 I-23 

Table of Contents 
 State and Local Regulation. While the Communications Act generally preempts state and local governments from regulating the entry of, and the rates charged by, wireless carriers, it also permits a state to petition the FCC to allow it to impose commercial mobile radio service rate regulation when market conditions fail to adequately protect customers and such service is a replacement for a substantial portion of the telephone wireline exchange service within a state. The State of Alaska currently has no such petition on file. In addition, the Communications Act does not expressly preempt the states from regulating the terms and conditions of wireless service. Several states have invoked this terms and conditions authority to impose or propose various consumer protection regulations on the wireless industry. State attorneys general have also become more active in enforcing state consumer protection laws against sales practices and services of wireless carriers. States also may impose their own universal service support requirements on wireless and other communications carriers, similar to the contribution requirements that have been established by the FCC. States have become more active in attempting to impose new taxes and fees on wireless carriers, such as gross receipts taxes. Where successful, these taxes and fees are generally passed through to customers and result in higher costs to customers. At the local level, wireless facilities typically are subject to zoning and land use regulation. Neither local nor state governments may categorically prohibit the construction of wireless facilities in any community or take actions, such as indefinite moratoria, which have the effect of prohibiting construction. Pursuant to Section 6409(a) of the Middle Class Tax Relief Act of 2012, state and local governments are further constrained in their regulation of changes to existing wireless infrastructure. Nonetheless, securing federal, state and local government approvals for new antenna structures has been and is likely to continue to be difficult, lengthy, and costly. Charter s Spectrum Mobile Service Charter s Spectrum Mobile service offers mobile Internet access and telephone service. Charter provides this service as an MVNO using Verizon s network and its network through Spectrum WiFi. As an MVNO, Charter is subject to many of the same FCC regulations that apply to facilities-based wireless carriers, as well as certain state or local regulations, including (but not limited to): E911, local number portability, customer privacy, CALEA, universal service fund contribution, robocall mitigation and hearing aid compatibility and safety and emission requirements for mobile devices. Spectrum Mobile s broadband Internet access service is also subject to the FCC s transparency rule. The FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt new or different regulations for MVNOs and/or mobile service providers in the future, or impose new taxes or fees applicable to Spectrum Mobile, which could adversely affect the service offering or Charter s business generally. For example, California has proposed the imposition of service quality metrics on mobile services. Privacy and Information Security Regulation The Communications Act limits Charter and GCI Holdings ability to collect, use, and disclose customers personally identifiable information for its Internet, video and voice services. Charter and GCI Holdings are subject to additional federal, state, and local laws and regulations that impose additional restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of consumer information. All broadband providers are also obliged by CALEA to configure their networks in a manner that facilitates the ability of state and federal law enforcement, with proper legal process authorized under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, to obtain records and information concerning their customers, including the content of their communications. Further, the FCC, Federal Trade Commission FTC ), and many states regulate and restrict the marketing practices of communications service providers, including telemarketing and sending unsolicited commercial emails. The FTC currently has the authority, pursuant to its general authority to enforce against unfair or deceptive acts and practices, to protect the privacy of Internet service customers, including Charter and GCI Holdings use and disclosure of certain customer information. Charter and GCI Holdings operations are also subject to federal and state laws governing information security. In the event of an information security breach, such rules may require consumer and government agency notification and may result in regulatory enforcement actions with the potential of monetary forfeitures. The FCC, the FTC and state attorneys general regularly bring enforcement actions against companies related to information security breaches and privacy violations. Various security standards provide guidance to telecommunications companies in order to help identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. One such standard is the voluntary Cybersecurity Framework CSF released by the National Institute for 
 I-24 

Table of Contents 
 Standards and Technology NIST in 2014 and updated in 2018, in cooperation with other federal agencies and owners and operators of U.S. critical infrastructure. The NIST CSF provides a prioritized and flexible model for organizations to identify and manage cyber risks inherent to their business. It was designed to supplement, not supersede, existing cybersecurity regulations and requirements. Several government agencies have encouraged compliance with the NIST CSF, including the FCC and Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency CISA ). Charter and GCI Holdings voluntarily follow NIST as part of its overall cybersecurity program. The FCC is considering expansion of its cybersecurity guidelines or the adoption of cybersecurity requirements. CISA is also developing cyber incident reporting rules, pursuant to 2022 legislative requirements, that require critical infrastructure entities to report substantial cyber incidents within 72 hours of their discovery. Many states and local authorities have considered legislative or other actions that would impose restrictions on Charter s ability to collect, use and disclose, and safeguard certain consumer information, particularly with regard to its broadband Internet business. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and Maine s Act to Protect Privacy of Online Customer Information both became effective in 2020. The CCPA, under certain circumstances, regulates companies use and disclosure of the personal information of California residents and authorizes enforcement actions by the California Attorney General and private class actions for data breaches. In addition, effective January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act amended CCPA to impose additional obligations on companies that handle the personal information of California residents. The Maine law regulates how Internet service providers use and disclose customers personal information and requires Internet service providers to take reasonable measures to protect customers personal information. Virginia s new privacy law became effective on January 1, 2023, and Colorado and Connecticut s new privacy laws will become effective later in 2023. Each of these laws will regulate the way that companies collect, use, and share personal information about consumers. Several other state legislatures are considering the adoption of new data security and cybersecurity legislation that could result in additional network and information security requirements for Charter s business. The FTC has launched an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to explore rules related to the collection, analysis, and monetization of consumers information. Congress may also adopt new privacy and data security obligations. Charter cannot predict whether any of these efforts will be successful or preempted, or how new legislation and regulations, if any, would affect its business. Environmental Regulations GCI Holdings undertakes activities that may, under certain circumstances, affect the environment. Accordingly, it may be subject to federal, state, and local laws designed to preserve or protect the environment, including the Clean Water Act and the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act. The FCC, Bureau of Land Management, U.S. Forest Service, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Indian Affairs, and National Park Service are among the federal agencies required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and National Historic Preservation Act to consider the environmental impact of actions they authorize, including facility construction. The principal effect of GCI Holdings facilities on the environment would be in the form of construction of facilities and networks at various locations in Alaska and between Alaska, Washington, and Oregon. GCI Holdings facilities have been constructed in accordance with federal, state and local building codes and zoning regulations whenever and wherever applicable. GCI Holdings obtains federal, state, and local permits, as required, for its projects and operations. GCI Holdings is unaware of any material violations of federal, state, or local regulations or permits. Remaining Commitments Related to the 2016 Merger with TWC and Acquisition of Bright House In connection with approval of Charter s 2016 merger with TWC and acquisition of Bright House (the Transactions ), federal and state regulators imposed a number of post-transaction conditions on Charter, many of which have been fulfilled or have terminated. Remaining federal commitments will expire in 2023 and include the following. FCC Conditions Refrain from charging usage-based prices or imposing data caps on any fixed mass market broadband Internet access service plans for seven years; and Continue to support CableCARDs for use in third-party retail devices for seven years to the extent applicable following the FCC s modification of the relevant rules in 2020. 

 I-25 

Table of Contents 
 The FCC conditions also contain a number of compliance reporting requirements. DOJ Conditions The DOJ Order prohibits Charter from entering into or enforcing any agreement with a video programmer that forbids, limits or creates incentives to limit the video programmer s provision of content to online video distributors. Charter will not be able to avail itself of other distributors most favored nation provisions if they are inconsistent with this prohibition. The DOJ s conditions are effective for seven years after entry of the final judgment in September 2016. Competition Charter and GCI Holdings operate in intensely competitive industries and compete with a number of companies that provide a broad range of communication, entertainment, and information products and services. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and consumer behavior. Residential/Consumer Services Charter and GCI Holdings face intense competition for residential customers, both from existing competitors and, as a result of the rapid development of new technologies, services and products, from new entrants. Internet competition The Internet industry is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to constant technological change. Competition is based upon price, service bundles, the services and enhancements offered, the technologies used, customer service, billing services, and perceived quality, reliability and availability. Charter and GCI Holdings residential Internet services face competition across their footprints from fiber-to-the-home FTTH ), fixed wireless broadband, Internet delivered via satellite and digital subscriber line DSL services. AT T, Inc. AT T ), Frontier Communications Corporation Frontier and Verizon are Charter s primary FTTH competitors. Given the FTTH deployments of Charter s competitors, launches of broadband services offering 1 Gbps speed have recently grown. Several competitors, including AT T, Frontier, Verizon, WideOpenWest, Inc. WOW and Google Fiber, deliver 1 Gbps broadband speed (and some deliver multi Gbps) in at least a portion of their footprints which overlap Charter s footprint. Additionally, several national mobile network operators offer LTE or 5G delivered fixed wireless home Internet service in Charter s markets. In several markets, Charter and GCI Holdings also face competition from one or more fixed wireless providers that deliver point-to-point Internet connectivity. DSL service is offered across Charter s footprint and a portion of GCI Holdings footprint, often at prices lower than Charter and GCI Holdings Internet services, although typically at speeds much lower than the minimum speeds offered by Charter and GCI Holdings. In addition, a growing number of commercial areas, such as retail malls, restaurants and airports, offer WiFi Internet service. Numerous local governments are also considering or actively pursuing publicly subsidized WiFi Internet access networks. These options offer alternatives to cable-based Internet access. Charter faces terrestrial broadband Internet (defined as at least 25 Mbps) competition from three primary competitors, AT T, Frontier and Verizon, in approximately 35 , 11 and 5 of its operating footprint, respectively. Video competition Charter and GCI Holdings residential video services face competition from direct broadcast satellite DBS service providers, which have a national footprint and compete in all of Charter s operating areas. DBS providers offer satellite-delivered pre-packaged programming services that can be received by relatively small and inexpensive receiving dishes. DBS providers offer aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming and video services that are comparable in many respects to Charter and GCI Holdings residential video service. Charter s residential video service also faces competition from large telecommunications companies, primarily Verizon, which offer wireline video services in significant portions of Charter s operating areas. Charter and GCI Holdings residential video services also face growing competition across their footprints from a number of other sources, including companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband Internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices. These 
 I-26 

Table of Contents 
 competitors include virtual multichannel video programming distributors vMVPDs such as Hulu Live, YouTube TV, Sling TV, Philo and DirecTV Stream. Other online video business models and products have also developed, some offered by programmers that have not traditionally sold programming directly to consumers, including, (i) subscription video on demand SVOD services such as Netflix, Apple TV+, Amazon Prime, Hulu Plus, Disney+, HBO Max, Peacock, Paramount+, AMC+, Starz and Showtime Anytime, (ii) ad-supported free online video products, including YouTube and Pluto TV, some of which offer programming for free to consumers that Charter currently purchases for a fee, (iii) pay-per-view products, such as iTunes, and (iv) additional offerings from mobile providers which continue to integrate and bundle video services and mobile products. Historically, Charter has generally viewed SVOD online video services as complementary to its own video offering. As the proliferation of online video services grows, however, services from vMVPDs and direct to consumer offerings, as well as piracy and password sharing, negatively impact the number of customers purchasing Charter s video product. Voice competition Charter and GCI Holdings residential voice services compete with wireless and wireline phone providers across their footprints, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. Charter and GCI Holdings also compete with over-the-top phone providers, such as Vonage, Skype, magicJack, Google Voice and Ooma, Inc., as well as companies that sell phone cards at a cost per minute for both national and international service. The increase in the number of different technologies capable of carrying voice services and the number of alternative communication options available to customers as well as the replacement of wireline services by wireless have intensified the competitive environment in which Charter and GCI Holdings operate their residential voice services. GCI Holdings also competes against ILECs, long-distance resellers and certain smaller rural local telephone companies for local access and long-distance. GCI Holdings has competed by offering what it believes is excellent customer service and by providing desirable bundles of services. Mobile Competition Charter and GCI Holdings mobile services face competition from national mobile network operators including AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile US, Inc. T-Mobile ), fixed wireless providers, as well as a variety of regional operators and mobile virtual network operators. Most carriers offer unlimited data packages to customers, while some also offer free devices. Various operators also offer wireless Internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds. As a regional wireless carrier, GCI Holdings may not have immediate access to some wireless handsets that are available to these national wireless carriers. AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile continue to expand 5G mobile services. Additionally, in connection with Dish Network Corporation s acquisition of Sprint Corporation s prepaid mobile services businesses, the FCC and DOJ have imposed a timeline on Dish Network Corporation (70 by June 2023) for 5G network development and expansion. Charter also competes for retail activations with other resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers for resale. Regional Competitors In some of Charter s operating areas, other competitors have built networks that offer Internet, video and voice services that compete with its services. For example, in certain service areas, Charter s residential Internet, video and voice services compete with WOW, altafiber, Google Fiber and Astound Broadband. Additional competition In addition to multi-channel video providers, cable systems compete with other sources of news, information and entertainment, including over-the-air television broadcast reception, live events, movie theaters and the Internet. Competition is also posed by fixed wireless and satellite master antenna television systems serving MDUs, such as condominiums, apartment complexes, and private residential communities. 
 I-27 

Table of Contents 
 Business Services Charter and GCI Holdings face intense competition across each of their business service product offerings. Charter s SMB Internet, video and voice services face competition from a variety of providers as described above. Charter s enterprise solutions also face competition from the competitors described above as well as cloud-based application-service providers, managed service providers and other telecommunications carriers, such as metro and regional fiber-based carriers. GCI Holdings business data, wireless and voice services face similar competition as described above for its consumer products. Advertising Charter and GCI Holdings face intense competition for advertising revenue across many different platforms and from a wide range of local and national competitors. Advertising competition has increased and will likely continue to increase as new advertising platforms seek to attract the same advertisers. Charter and GCI Holdings compete for advertising revenue against, among others, local broadcast stations, national cable and broadcast networks, radio stations, print media and online advertising companies and content providers. Human Capital Resources Employees As described above, Liberty Broadband is party to a services agreement with Liberty, pursuant to which 83 Liberty corporate employees provide certain management services to Liberty Broadband for a determined fee. As a result, Liberty Broadband is not responsible for the hiring, retention and compensation of these individuals (except that Liberty Broadband does grant equity incentive awards to these individuals). However, Liberty Broadband directly benefits from the efforts undertaken by Liberty to attract and retain talented employees. Liberty strives to create a diverse, inclusive and supportive workplace, with opportunities for its employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by competitive compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between its employees and their communities. Liberty Broadband fully supports these efforts. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated subsidiaries had an aggregate of approximately 1,900 full and part-time employees and the Company is not party to any union contracts with its employees. Liberty Broadband believes that its employee relations are good. GCI Holdings GCI Holdings has been operating in Alaska for more than 40 years and most of its employees live in the communities it serves. Many of GCI s employees have been with the company for decades and, in some cases, their children have joined the GCI team and have become the next generation of the GCI family. This sense of family and valuing its employees is a strong part of GCI s culture and is one that generates pride among employees and company leadership. GCI is committed to creating and maintaining an environment that is inclusive, supportive and provides opportunities for excellence and advancements. To that end, GCI is committed to ensuring its employees, at all levels of the company, are experts in their fields, and provides opportunities for training, including certifications relating to various technical aspects of the GCI business, training in people skills, management best practices and team-building, as well as tuition reimbursement to employees who are pursuing college or technical schools degrees while working for GCI. In 2020, GCI launched an initiative to evaluate the incorporation of diversity, equity and inclusion principles in all corporate operations and continues to assess and evolve its practices to create a focus on these principles. GCI is committed to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace and has implemented several new safety protocols to keep its employees and customers safe during the pandemic, including moving more than 70 of employees to work-from-home status, installing plexiglass shields and sourcing additional sanitization supplies for our retail spaces. GCI has also limited the number of home visits by its field technicians by working with customers to resolve issues remotely and adopting new, socially distanced methods of troubleshooting and following strict safety precautions in the event an in-person visit is necessary. 
 I-28 

Table of Contents 
 Available Information All of our filings with the SEC including our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and Form 8-Ks, as well as amendments to such filings are available on our Internet website free of charge generally within 24 hours after we file such material with the SEC. Our website address is www.libertybroadband.com. Our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics, compensation committee charter, nominating and corporate governance committee charter, and audit committee charter are available on our website. In addition, we will provide a copy of any of these documents, free of charge, to any shareholder who calls or submits a request in writing to Investor Relations, Liberty Broadband Corporation, 12300 Liberty Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112, Tel. No. (844) 826-8735. The information contained on our website and the websites of GCI Holdings and Charter are not incorporated by reference herein. Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks described below and elsewhere in this annual report are not the only ones that relate to our businesses or our capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the material risk factors that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations: Factors Relating to Our Corporate History and Structure As a holding company we could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service our financial obligations or meet our other commitments. Other than cash generated from our participation in Charter s stock repurchase program, we do not have access to the cash that Charter generates from its operating activities. We rely on Charter to provide us with the financial information that we use in accounting for our ownership interest in Charter as well as information regarding Charter that we include in our public filings. We may become subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940. Our company has overlapping directors and officers with Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo, and ABH (defined below) which may lead to conflicting interests. Certain of our inter-company agreements were negotiated while we were a subsidiary of Liberty, and hence may not be the result of arms length negotiations. Our ability to use net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards to reduce future tax payments could be negatively impacted if there is an ownership change . 
 Factors Related to Our and Our Subsidiaries Indebtedness Our company may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing, or refinance or renew our existing indebtedness, on acceptable terms. We and our subsidiaries have significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The agreements that govern our and our subsidiaries current and future indebtedness may contain various affirmative and restrictive covenants that will limit our discretion in the operation of our business. Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Factors Relating to GCI Holdings GCI faces competition that may reduce its market share and harm its financial performance. If GCI experiences customer losses, the Company s financial performance will be negatively impacted. 
 I-29 

Table of Contents 
 Adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and inflationary pressures on input costs and labor could impact GCI s results of operations. GCI may be unable to obtain or maintain the roaming services it needs to remain competitive. Changes to or interpretations of existing statutes, rules, regulations, or the adoption of new ones, could adversely affect GCI s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. USF receivables and contributions are subject to change due to regulatory actions taken by the FCC or legislative actions that change the rules and regulations governing the USF program. Failure to comply with USF program requirements may have an adverse effect on GCI s business and the Company s financial position. Loss of GCI s ETC status would disqualify it for USF support, which would have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. GCI may not meet its performance plan milestones under the Alaska High Cost Order. GCI may lose USF high cost support if another carrier adds 4G LTE service in an area where it currently provides 4G LTE service. The decline in GCI s Other revenue results of operations may accelerate. Failure to stay abreast of new technology could affect GCI s ability to compete in the industry. GCI s operations, which are geographically concentrated in Alaska, are impacted by the economic conditions in Alaska, and GCI may not be able to continue to increase its share of the existing market for its services. Natural or man-made disasters or terrorist attacks could have an adverse effect on GCI s business. Cyberattacks or other network disruptions could have an adverse effect on the Company and GCI s business. Increases in data usage on GCI s wired and wireless networks may cause network capacity limitations, resulting in service disruptions, reduced capacity or slower transmission speeds for GCI s customers. Prolonged service interruptions or system failures could affect GCI s business. GCI s ability to immediately restore the entirety of its service may be limited and the Company could incur significant costs if failures occur in GCI s undersea fiber optic cable systems or its TERRA facilities. GCI s ability to immediately restore the entirety of its service may be limited if a failure occurs in GCI s satellite communications systems. GCI will not be able to meet the needs of its customers if it does not obtain the necessary communications equipment, If GCI becomes subject to substantial uninsured liabilities due to damage or loss to certain of its transmission facilities, the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity may be adversely affected. Climate change and increasingly stringent environmental laws, rules and regulations, and customer expectations, could adversely affect GCI s business. Any errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruption to GCI s third-party vendor s customer billing systems could have adverse operational, financial and reputational effects on the Company s business. Any significant impairment of GCI s indefinite-lived intangible assets would lead to a reduction in its net operating performance and a decrease in its assets. 
 Factors Relating to Charter Charter operates in a competitive business environment affecting its ability to attract and retain customers. If Charter is unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software or licenses from its third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, its ability to offer services could be impaired. Charter may not have the ability to pass on to its customers all of the increases in programming costs, which could adversely affect its cash flow and operating margins. Any failure to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect its ability to compete effectively. Charter s business may be adversely affected if it cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its business depends. Events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to Charter s networks, information systems or properties and could impair its operating activities and negatively impact Charter s reputation and financial results. Charter s exposure to the economic conditions of its current and potential customers, vendors and third parties could adversely affect its cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. If Charter is unable to retain key employees, its ability to manage its business could be adversely affected. Charter has a significant amount of debt and expects to incur significant additional debt in the future, which could 
 I-30 

Table of Contents 
 adversely affect its financial condition and its ability to react to changes in its business. The agreements and instruments governing Charter s debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect its ability to operate its business, as well as significantly affect its liquidity. Charter s business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect its business. Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, or participation in new regulatory programs, could have an adverse effect on Charter s business. Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to Charter s tax and fee positions could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. The failure Charter to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more service areas could adversely affect its business. 
 Factors Relating to our Common Stock and the Securities Market Our stock price is directly affected by the results of operations of Charter and developments in its business. There is no meaningful trading market for our Series B common stock quoted on the OTC Markets. It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. Holders of a single series of our common stock may not have any remedies if an action by our directors has an adverse effect on only that series of our common stock. 
 Factors Relating to Our Corporate History and Structure We are a holding company, and we could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service our financial obligations or meet our other commitments. Our ability to meet our current and future financial obligations, including to make debt service obligations under the Margin Loan Agreement (defined below) and the Company Debentures (defined below), and other contractual commitments depends upon our ability to access cash. We are a holding company, and our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, any dividends and interest we may receive from our investments, available funds under the Margin Loan Agreement (defined below) (which was 900 million as of December 31, 2022) and proceeds from any asset sales or other forms of asset monetization we may undertake in the future. In addition, the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us depends on their operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject. Some state regulators have imposed, and others may consider imposing on regulated companies, including us, cash management practices that could limit the ability of such regulated companies to transfer cash between subsidiaries or to the parent company. While none of the existing state regulations materially affect our cash management, any changes to the existing regulations or imposition of new regulations or restrictions may materially adversely affect our ability to transfer cash within our consolidated companies. Other than cash generated from our participation in Charter s stock repurchase program, we do not have access to the cash that Charter generates from its operating activities. Notwithstanding our ownership interest in Charter and our having three nominees on its thirteen-member board of directors, we have no ability to cause Charter to pay dividends to us, and we cannot cause Charter to make funds available to us except to the extent we are obligated to participate in Charter s stock repurchase program pursuant to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement and the letter agreement entered into on February 23, 2021 in order to reduce our percentage equity interest, on a fully diluted basis, to the Equity Cap. Charter generated approximately 14.9 billion, 16.2 billion and 14.6 billion of cash from its operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Charter uses the cash it generates from its operations primarily to fund its business operations, service its debt and other financial obligations and repurchase shares of its common stock. We do not have access to the cash that Charter generates unless Charter declares a dividend on its capital stock payable in cash, engages in stock repurchases for cash or otherwise distributes or makes payments to its stockholders, including us. Historically, Charter has not paid any dividends on its capital stock or, with limited exceptions, otherwise distributed cash to its stockholders and instead has used all of its available cash in the expansion of its business, to service its debt obligations and to repurchase shares of its common stock. Covenants in Charter s existing debt instruments also restrict the payment of dividends and cash distributions to stockholders. We expect that Charter will continue to apply its available cash as described above. 
 I-31 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on Charter to provide us with the financial information that we use in accounting for our ownership interest in Charter as well as information regarding Charter that we include in our public filings. We account for our approximately 30.9 economic ownership interest in Charter using the equity method of accounting and, accordingly, in our financial statements we record our share of Charter s net income or loss. Within the meaning of U.S. accounting rules, we rely on Charter to provide us with financial information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which we use in the application of the equity method. We also rely on Charter to provide us with the information regarding their company that we include in our public filings. In addition, we cannot change the way in which Charter reports its financial results or require Charter to change its internal controls over financial reporting. No assurance can be given that Charter will provide us with the information necessary to enable us to complete our public filings on a timely basis or at all. Furthermore, any material misstatements or omissions in the information Charter provides to us or publicly files could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements and filing status under federal securities laws. We may become subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940. We do not believe we are currently subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act because our investment in Charter enables us to exercise significant influence over Charter. We have substantial involvement in the management and affairs of Charter, including through our board nominees. We nominated three of Charter s thirteen current directors. In connection with the Transactions, on May 23, 2015, we entered into the Stockholders Agreement, which continues to provide us with board nomination rights. If, however, our investment in Charter was deemed to become passive (such as in the event that our equity interests were significantly diluted and our nominees ceased to serve as directors of Charter), we could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. In such event, we would be required to register as an investment company, which could result in significant registration and compliance costs, could require changes to our corporate governance structure and financial reporting and could restrict our activities going forward. Our restated certificate of incorporation includes a provision that would enable us, at the option of our board of directors, to automatically convert each outstanding share of our Series B common stock into one share of our Series A common stock at such time as we have outstanding less than 20 of the total number of shares of our Series B common stock issued in our 2014 spin-off from Liberty. In addition, if we were to become inadvertently subject to the Investment Company Act and failed to register as an investment company in violation of the Investment Company Act, such violation could subject us to material adverse consequences, including potentially significant regulatory penalties and the possibility that our contracts would be deemed unenforceable. Our company has overlapping directors and officers with Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo and, following the completion of the proposed split-off announced by Liberty with respect to its Liberty Braves Group, is expected to have overlapping directors and officers with Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. ABH ), which may lead to conflicting interests. As a result of our spin-off from Liberty in 2014 and other transactions between 2011 and 2014 that resulted in the separate corporate existence of Liberty, Qurate Retail and TripCo, as well as Liberty s proposed split-off of ABH, all of our executive officers also serve (or will serve in the case of ABH) as executive officers of Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo and ABH, and there are overlapping directors. None of these companies has any ownership interest in any of the others (other than Liberty s ownership of ABH pending completion of the transactions to effect the proposed split-off of ABH). Our executive officers and members of our company s board of directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo, ABH or any other public company have fiduciary duties to that company s stockholders. For example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when our company, Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo or ABH pursues acquisitions and other business opportunities that may be suitable for each of them. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting more than one of the companies to which they owe fiduciary duties. Each of our company and TripCo has renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and their respective restated certificate of incorporation provides that no director or officer of the respective company will breach their fiduciary duty and therefore be liable to the respective company or its stockholders by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to another person or entity (including Liberty, Qurate Retail and TripCo) instead of the respective company, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to our company, unless (x) such opportunity was expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the respective company or as a director or officer of any of the respective company s subsidiaries, and (y) such opportunity relates to a line of business in which the respective company or any of its subsidiaries is then directly engaged. In addition, any potential conflict that qualifies as a related party transaction (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) is subject to review by an independent committee of the applicable issuer s board of directors in accordance with its corporate governance 
 I-32 

Table of Contents 
 guidelines. In addition, we understand that ABH is expected to adopt similar renouncement and waiver provisions in its restated articles of incorporation in connection with the closing of the proposed split-off. Any other potential conflicts that arise will be addressed on a case-by-case basis, keeping in mind the applicable fiduciary duties owed by the executive officers and directors of each issuer. From time to time, we may enter into transactions with Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo, ABH and/or their respective subsidiaries or other affiliates. There can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to our company, Liberty, Qurate Retail, TripCo, ABH or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates as would be the case where there is no overlapping officer or director. Certain of our inter-company agreements were negotiated while we were a subsidiary of Liberty. We entered into a number of inter-company agreements covering matters such as tax sharing and our responsibility for certain liabilities previously undertaken by Liberty for certain of our businesses. In addition, we entered into a services agreement with Liberty pursuant to which it provides to us certain management, administrative, financial, treasury, accounting, tax, legal and other services, for which we reimburse them on a fixed fee basis, which was amended to provide that components of our President and Chief Executive Officer s compensation will either be paid directly to him by our company or reimbursed to Liberty, in each case, based on the allocation set forth in the amendment. The terms of all of these agreements (other than the amendment to the services agreement) were established while we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of Liberty, and hence may not be the result of arms length negotiations. We believe that the terms of these inter-company agreements are commercially reasonable and fair to all parties under the circumstances; however, conflicts could arise in the interpretation or any extension or renegotiation of the foregoing agreements. Our ability to use net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards to reduce future tax payments could be negatively impacted if there is an ownership change as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), of our Company. At December 31, 2022, we had deferred tax assets attributable to federal and state net operating losses and disallowed business interest carryforwards of 32 million and under the Code, we may carry forward our federal net operating losses and disallowed business interest deductions in certain circumstances to offset current and future taxable income and reduce our federal income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. If we experience an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code and related Treasury regulations (generally, a cumulative change in ownership that exceeds 50 of the value of a corporation s stock over a rolling three-year period) at a time when our market capitalization is below a certain level or proposed Treasury regulations under Section 382 of the Code issued during 2019 have become final and are applicable (taking into account the delayed effective date of such regulations), our ability to use our federal net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards could be substantially limited. This limit could impact the timing of the usage of our net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards, thus accelerating federal cash tax payments or causing certain federal net operating loss carryforwards to expire prior to their use, which could affect the ultimate realization of that deferred tax asset. Similar limitations may also apply at the state level. Factors Related to Our and Our Subsidiaries Indebtedness Our company may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing, or refinance or renew our existing indebtedness, on acceptable terms. Further, our and our subsidiaries ability to service our respective debt and any other obligations will require access to funds, which may be restricted. As of December 31, 2022, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 3.8 billion principal amount of debt outstanding, consisting of (i) 1.4 billion outstanding under a credit agreement (as amended, the Margin Loan Agreement governing a multi-draw margin loan agreement credit facility entered into in 2017 by a bankruptcy remote wholly owned subsidiary SPV of Liberty Broadband; (ii) 575 million outstanding under our 2.75 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 and 825 million outstanding under our 1.25 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 (collectively, the Company Debentures (iii) 15 million outstanding under the 1.75 exchangeable senior debentures due 2046 originally issued by GCI Liberty; (iv) 600 million outstanding under GCI, LLC s 4.750 senior notes due 2028 (the Senior Notes (v) 397 million in outstanding term and revolving loans under GCI, LLC s senior secured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the Senior Credit Facility and (vi) 5 million outstanding under a note payable to Wells Fargo originally issued by GCI Holdings. We also had, at December 31, 2022, 900 million remaining available to be drawn, subject to certain terms and conditions, until five business days prior to May 12, 2024 under the Margin Loan Agreement. Further, subject to certain terms and conditions, as a result of multiple 
 I-33 

Table of Contents 
 transactions, including the Combination, we have entered into an indemnification agreement pursuant to which, among other things, (1) we will indemnify Liberty Interactive LLC LI LLC with respect to any of LI LLC s 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures due 2046 (the 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures surrendered for exchange to LI LLC on or before October 5, 2023 for the amount by which (i) the exchange value exceeds (ii) the sum of the adjusted principal amount of such 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures plus the amount of certain tax benefits attributable to such 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures so exchanged, and (2) Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty will indemnify each other with respect to certain potential losses in respect of the 2018 split-off of GCI Liberty by Qurate Retail. Our and our subsidiaries ability to service the respective financial obligations will depend on our and their ability to access cash, and cash flows from operations may be insufficient to satisfy the respective financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time. Accessing cash at operating subsidiaries will depend on those subsidiaries individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject. The obligations under the Margin Loan Agreement are secured by a portion of our ownership interest in Charter. Such equity interests are held through SPV. The terms of the Margin Loan Agreement limit our company s ability to secure additional financing on favorable terms. In addition, covenants included in the Senior Notes and Senior Credit Facility will limit the ability of certain subsidiaries to upstream or downstream cash for this purpose. Our and our subsidiaries other potential sources of cash include available cash balances, dividends and interest from its investments, monetization of public investments, and proceeds from asset sales. Moreover, our and our subsidiaries ability to secure additional financing will depend upon the operating performance of our subsidiaries, the value of our investment in Charter, prevailing general economic and credit market conditions, including interest rate levels and the availability of credit generally, the state of competition in our subsidiaries respective markets, the outcome of certain legislative and regulatory issues and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that sufficient financing will be available, or that we will be able to renew or refinance existing indebtedness, on desirable terms or at all. In particular, during 2022, uncertainty surrounding global growth rates and the ongoing direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continued to produce volatility in the credit and equity markets. As of December 31, 2022, the markets remain volatile and the economic outlook remains uncertain. If financing is not available when needed or is not available on favorable terms, we and our subsidiaries may be unable to take advantage of business or market opportunities as they arise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We and our subsidiaries have significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. As discussed above, as of December 31, 2022, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 3.8 billion principal amount of debt outstanding. As a result of this significant indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may: experience increased vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; be required to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to principal and interest payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; be impeded in our and their ability to optimally capitalize and manage cash flows; be restricted from making strategic acquisitions or required to make non-strategic divestitures; be exposed to the risk of increased interest rates with respect to any variable rate portion of indebtedness; and be limited in planning for, or reacting to, changes in business or market conditions and placing us and our subsidiaries at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our and our subsidiaries leverage may prevent us and them from exploiting . 
 In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future. For example, at December 31, 2022, we had 900 million remaining available to be drawn, subject to certain terms and conditions, until five business days prior to May 12, 2024 under the Margin Loan Agreement and we could issue additional exchangeable senior debent ures. If new debt is added to the current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. For additional limitations on our company s ability to potentially service our direct debt obligations, see We are a holding company, and we could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service our financial obligations or meet our other commitments and Other than cash generated from our 
 I-34 

Table of Contents 
 participation in Charter s stock repurchase program, we do not have access to the cash that Charter generates from its operating activities above. The agreements that govern our and our subsidiaries current and future indebtedness may contain various affirmative and restrictive covenants that will limit our discretion in the operation of our business. As discussed above, SPV entered into the Margin Loan Agreement pursuant to which SPV had outstanding borrowings of 1.4 billion, with 900 million remaining available to be drawn, subject to certain terms and conditions, until five business days prior to May 12, 2024, at December 31, 2022. The Margin Loan Agreement contains various covenants, including those that limit our ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness either directly, through another of our subsidiaries, or by having SPV enter into financing arrangements with respect to the stock of Charter, and cause SPV to enter into unrelated businesses or otherwise conduct business other than owning common stock of Charter and other assets as permitted under the Margin Loan Agreement documents. Further, the agreements governing our and our subsidiaries other indebtedness contain various covenants that could materially and adversely affect our and our subsidiaries ability to finance future operations or capital needs and to engage in other business activities that may be in our and their best interest. We may also enter into certain other indebtedness arrangements in the future. The instruments governing such indebtedness often contain covenants that, among other things, place certain limitations on a borrower s ability to incur more debt, exceed specified leverage ratios, pay dividends, make distributions, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate, and transfer or sell assets. Any failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The various covenants in existing or future indebtedness may restrict our and our subsidiaries ability to expand or to pursue business strategies. Our and our subsidiaries ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our and their control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and if such events occur, we cannot be sure that we and our subsidiaries will be able to comply. A breach of these covenants could result in a default under the indentures and/or the credit agreements. If there were an event of default under the Margin Loan Agreement, the indentures and/or the credit agreements, holders of such defaulted debt could cause all amounts borrowed under these instruments to be due and payable immediately. Additionally, if we or our subsidiaries fail to repay the debt under any secured indebtedness when it becomes due, the lenders under such indebtedness could proceed against the assets that are pledged to them as security. Our and our subsidiaries assets or cash flow may not be sufficient to repay borrowings under outstanding debt instruments in the event of a default thereunder. Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Borrowings under the Margin Loan Agreement and the Senior Credit Facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on any variable rate indebtedness could increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and net income and cash flow could decrease. In addition, our variable rate indebtedness uses London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate. In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), an index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated this year. Accordingly, the outcome of these reforms is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which LIBOR 
 I-35 

Table of Contents 
 is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of borrowings under the aforementioned debt instruments. Our Margin Loan Agreement and Senior Credit Facility provide for a transition to a SOFR based rate or to other alternative reference rates depending on acceptance in the market of these rates. In order to manage our exposure to interest rate risk, in the future, we may enter into derivative financial instruments, typically interest rate swaps and caps, involving the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments. If we are unable to enter into interest rate swaps, it may adversely affect our cash flow and may impact our ability to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness and, even if we use these instruments to selectively manage risks, there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against material interest rate fluctuations. Factors Relating to GCI Holdings Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect the business operations of GCI Holdings, which the Company refers to as GCI in the following risk factors relating to the business of GCI Holdings. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. GCI faces competition that may reduce its market share and harm its financial performance. There is substantial competition in the telecommunications and entertainment industries. Through mergers, various service integration strategies, and business alliances, major providers are striving to strengthen their competitive positions. GCI faces increased wireless services competition from national carriers in the Alaska market and increasing video services competition from DBS providers and over-the-top content providers who are often able to offer more flexible subscription packages and exclusive content. The Company expects competition to increase as a result of the rapid development of new technologies, services and products, and the availability of increased federal funding of broadband infrastructure. The Company cannot predict which of many possible future technologies, products or services will be important to maintain GCI s competitive position or what expenditures will be required to develop and provide these technologies, products or services. GCI s ability to compete successfully will depend on marketing and on its ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the industry, including new services that may be introduced, improvements in network quality, changes in consumer preferences or habits, demographic trends, economic conditions and pricing strategies by competitors. To the extent GCI does not keep pace with technological advances or fails to timely respond to changes in competitive factors in its industry and in its markets, GCI could lose market share or experience a decline in its revenue and net income. Competitive conditions create a risk of market share loss and the risk that customers shift to less profitable lower margin services. Competitive pressures also create challenges for its ability to grow new businesses or introduce new services successfully and execute its business plan. GCI also faces the risk of potential price cuts by the Company s competitors partially driven by federal funding for broadband infrastructure that could materially adversely affect its market share and gross margins. GCI s wholesale customers, including its major roaming customers, may construct facilities in locations where they currently contract with GCI to use its network to provide service on their behalf. The Company could experience a decline in revenue and net income if any of GCI s wholesale customers constructed or expanded their existing networks in places where service is currently provided by GCI s network. Some of GCI s wholesale customers have greater access to financial, technical, and other resources than GCI does. GCI expects to continue to offer competitive alternatives to such customers in order to retain significant traffic on GCI s network. The Company cannot predict whether such customers will continue to see GCI s network as a compelling alternative. GCI s inability to negotiate renewals of such contracts could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. If GCI experiences customer losses, the Company s financial performance will be negatively impacted. GCI is in the business of selling communications and entertainment services to subscribers, and its economic success is based on its ability to retain current subscribers and attract new subscribers. If GCI is unable to retain and attract subscribers, its and the Company s financial performance will be impaired. GCI s rates of subscriber acquisition and turnover are affected by a number of competitive factors, including the size of its service areas, network performance and reliability issues, changing 
 I-36 

Table of Contents 
 technologies including the transition to internet protocol television, its device and service offerings, subscribers perceptions of its services, and customer care quality. Managing these factors and subscribers expectations is essential in attracting and retaining subscribers. Although GCI has implemented programs to attract new subscribers and address subscriber turnover, the Company cannot make assurances that these programs or GCI s strategies to address subscriber acquisition and turnover will be successful. A high rate of turnover or low or negative rate of new subscriber acquisition would reduce revenue and increase the total marketing expenditures required to attract the minimum number of subscribers required to sustain GCI s business plan which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and inflationary pressures on input costs and labor could impact GCI s results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has led to further economic disruptions. The U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates starting in March 2022 and additional increases are expected to continue. Mounting inflationary cost pressures and recessionary fears have negatively impacted the U.S. and global economy. Unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the U.S., or inflation in the markets in which GCI operates, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for GCI s products and services and its cost of doing business. The Alaska economy is dependent upon the oil industry, state and federal spending, investment earnings and tourism. A decline in oil prices would put significant pressure on the Alaska state government budget. The Alaska state government has significant reserves that GCI Holdings believes will help fund the state government for the next couple of years. The Alaska economy is subject to recessionary pressures as a result of the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in oil prices, inflation, and other causes that could result in a decrease in economic activity. While it is difficult for GCI Holdings to predict the future impact of a recession on its business, these conditions have had an adverse impact on its business and could adversely affect the affordability of and demand for some of its products and services and cause customers to shift to lower priced products and services or to delay or forgo purchases of its products and services. GCI Holdings customers may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit, which could affect their ability to make timely payments to GCI Holdings. In addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of customers that are unable to pay for services. There is a risk that GCI Holdings accounts receivable and bad debt expense will increase substantially in a recessionary environment. If a recession occurs, it could negatively affect GCI Holdings business including its financial position, results of operations, or liquidity, as well as its ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns. In addition, during 2022, GCI began to experience the impact of inflation-sensitive items, including upward pressure on the costs of materials, labor, and other items that are critical to GCI s business. GCI continues to monitor these impacts closely and, if costs continue to rise, may be unable to recoup losses or offset diminished margins by passing these costs through to GCI s customers or implementing offsetting cost reductions. GCI may be unable to obtain or maintain the roaming services it needs from other carriers to remain competitive. Some of GCI s competitors have national networks that enable them to offer nationwide coverage to their subscribers at a lower cost than GCI can offer. The networks GCI operates do not, by themselves, provide national coverage and GCI must pay fees to other carriers that provide roaming services to it. GCI currently relies on roaming agreements with several carriers for the majority of its roaming services. The FCC requires commercial mobile radio service providers to provide roaming, upon request, for voice and SMS text messaging services on just, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The FCC also requires carriers to offer data roaming services. The rules do not provide or mandate any specific mechanism for determining the reasonableness of roaming rates for voice, SMS text messaging or data services and require that roaming complaints be resolved on a case-by-case basis, based on a non-exclusive list of factors that can be taken into account in determining the reasonableness of particular conduct or rates. If GCI were to lose the benefit of one or more key roaming or wholesale agreements unexpectedly, it may be unable to obtain similar replacement agreements and as a result may be unable to continue providing nationwide voice and data roaming services for its customers or may be unable to provide such services on a cost-effective basis. GCI s inability to obtain new or replacement roaming services on a cost-effective basis may limit its ability to compete effectively for wireless customers, which may increase customer turnover and decrease GCI s revenue, which in turn could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 I-37 

Table of Contents 
 GCI s business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation. Changes to or interpretations of existing statutes, rules, regulations, or the adoption of new ones, could adversely affect GCI s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. As described above in Item 1. - Business - Regulatory Matters, GCI s business is subject to extensive federal and state governmental legislation and regulation. There can be no assurance that future changes or additions to the regulatory system under which GCI operates will benefit or have no adverse effect on GCI. Similarly, these rules and regulations are subject to interpretation by the applicable agencies, and new interpretations, which could impact GCI s operations and have an adverse effect on GCI s business, position, results of operations or liquidity. There can be no assurance that future regulatory actions taken by Congress, the FCC or other federal, state or local government authorities will not have a similar effect. With respect to wireless services provided by GCI, the licensing, leasing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection arrangements of wireless communications systems are regulated by the FCC, Alaska, and, potentially other state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC grants wireless licenses and imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum. There can be no guarantee that GCI s existing licenses will be renewed. In addition, while the FCC does not currently regulate wireless service providers rates, states may exercise authority over such things as certain billing practices and consumer-related issues. These regulations could increase the costs of GCI s wireless operations, including with respect to the maintenance of existing licenses granted by the FCC, due to failure to comply with applicable regulations. GCI is also subject to FCC rules relating to E911 capabilities and failure to comply with these rules could subject GCI to significant fines. With respect to video services provided by GCI, GCI is subject to changes in regulation that could potentially result in rate reductions or refunds of previously collected fees in the future. With respect to Internet services provided by GCI, GCI would be adversely impacted by the reclassification of Internet service as a telecommunications service under Title II of the Communications Act. In 2015, the FCC classified Internet service as a telecommunication service. The FCC s implementing regulations prohibited broadband providers from blocking or throttling most lawful public Internet traffic, from engaging in paid prioritization of that traffic, and from unreasonably interfering with or disadvantaging end users and edge providers ability to send traffic to, from, and among each other. Although a 2018 FCC order returned to a Title I classification of Internet service and eliminated many of the requirements imposed in its initial 2015 order, the FCC may seek to re-impose these net neutrality requirements or some variation thereof. In addition, Congress and state legislatures may undertake similar efforts. For example, California and Vermont have undertaken such efforts. The Company cannot predict whether the FCC or Congress will re-impose the 2015 rules or some variation thereof. The increased regulatory burden if the 2015 rules were re-imposed likely would increase GCI s costs and could adversely affect the manner and price of providing service, which could have a material adverse effect on GCI s business, financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. USF receivables and contributions are subject to change due to regulatory actions taken by the FCC, including the FCC s interpretations of the USF program rules, or legislative actions that change the rules and regulations governing the USF program. GCI participates in various USF programs, which provide government subsidies to customers in low income areas, including schools, libraries and other facilities. This support was 35 and 32 of GCI Holdings revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. GCI had USF net receivables of 116 million and 148 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the USF programs require GCI, Charter and other telecommunications providers to make contributions, based on certain revenue earned, into a fund used to subsidize the provision of voice services and broadband-capable voice networks in high-cost areas, the provision of voice and broadband services to low-income consumers, and the provision of internet, voice and telecommunications services to schools, libraries and certain health care providers. The USF programs in which GCI participates are highly regulated. While the rules and regulations governing the USF programs are fairly robust, there can be no assurance that any new rules or regulations adopted will not impact GCI s USF program anticipated receivables or contributions. Further, the FCC and USAC may interpret or apply the applicable rules and regulations in ways that are unexpected to GCI or other program participants. As a result, material changes to receivables and contributions may occur, which could have an adverse effect on GCI s business and the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. As described above in Item 1. Business - Regulatory Matters, GCI has experienced material changes to receivables and contributions from the USF programs in recent years. For example, in October 2018, the Bureau notified GCI of its decision to reduce rural rates charged to RHC customers for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 by approximately 26 , resulting in a reduction of total support payments of 28 million, and applied the same cost methodology for the funding years ended on June 30, 2019 and June 30, 2020. In addition, although the FCC has adjusted the RHC Program funding cap and committed to 
 I-38 

Table of Contents 
 annual adjustments in future years for inflation, there is no guarantee that aggregate funding will be available to pay in full the approved funding for future years. Furthermore, the FCC has adopted a series of changes to the manner in which support issued under the RHC Program will be calculated and approved and has continued to seek comment about future changes. GCI is currently unable to assess the substance, impact on funding or timing of any such changes. Although, GCI has sought FCC review of certain FCC actions regarding the RHC Program, the outcome is uncertain. Failure to comply with USF program requirements may have an adverse effect on GCI s business and the Company s financial position. The USF programs in which GCI participates are highly regulated, and, in many cases, require highly technical and nuanced processes and procedures in order to obtain funding and to ensure compliance with the USF programs. For example, telecommunication providers and their customers are subject to regulations that set forth procedures that must be followed by both the provider and the customer, and there are limitations on communications between these parties. If a customer or a provider is found to have not complied with any aspect of these regulations, regardless of whether such noncompliance was unintentional or accidental, the FCC may deny funding and/or require disgorgement of any amounts received under the affected contracts. The FCC may also invalidate any affected contract and impose fines or penalties. Accordingly, failure to comply with these rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on GCI s business and the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. As described in note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company accrued a loss of approximately 41 million resulting from a review of certain active and expired RHC Program contracts where it has identified potential compliance issues. Although the FCC has been made aware of the potential RHC Program compliance issues, there can be no assurance that the FCC will not impose penalties or fines that would be additive to any required disgorgement or denial of funding. Further, no assurance can be given that any novated contracts will be replicated subsequently, which may affect future revenue. Loss of GCI s ETC status would disqualify it for USF support. The USF pays support to ETCs to support the provision of facilities-based wireline and wireless telephone service in high cost areas. If GCI were to lose its ETC status in any of the high cost areas where it is currently an authorized ETC whether due to legislative or regulatory reform or its failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, GCI would be ineligible to receive high cost or low income USF support for providing service in that area, which would have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. GCI may not meet its performance plan milestones under the Alaska High Cost Order. As an ETC, GCI receives support from the USF to support the provision of wireline local access and wireless service in high cost areas. In 2016, the FCC published the Alaska High Cost Order which requires GCI to submit to the FCC a performance plan with five-year and ten-year commitments. The FCC approved revised performance obligations in 2021. If GCI is unable to meet the final performance plan milestones approved by the FCC it will be required to repay 1.89 times the average amount of support per location received over the ten-year term for the relevant number of locations that GCI failed to deploy to, plus ten percent of its total Alaska High Cost Order support received over the ten-year term. Inability to meet GCI s performance plan milestones could have an adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. GCI may lose USF high cost support if another carrier adds 4G LTE service in an area where it currently provides 4G LTE service. Under the Alaska High Cost Order, the FCC stated that it would revisit after five years whether and to what extent there is duplicative support for 4G LTE service in rural Alaska and to take steps to eliminate such duplicative support levels in the second half of the ten-year term. As a result, if another carrier builds 4G LTE service in an area where GCI is the sole provider and the FCC decides to redistribute the support, GCI s high cost support may be reduced, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The decline in GCI s Other revenue, which includes video, long-distance and local access services, may accelerate. The Company expects GCI s Other revenue, which includes video, long-distance and local access services, will continue to decline. GCI has experienced declines in video and voice subscribers, consistent with the industry. Video revenue has seen 
 I-39 

Table of Contents 
 further losses as a result of the transition from traditional linear video delivery to IP delivery and GCI s decision to discontinue selling bulk video packages for multi-dwelling units. GCI expects a continued decrease in video revenue and video subscribers. As competition from wireless carriers, as well as competition from GCI s own product offerings, increases, the Company expects GCI s long-distance and local access services subscribers and revenue will continue to decline and the rate of decline may accelerate. In addition, GCI s success in the local telephone market depends on its continued ability to obtain interconnection, access and related services from local exchange carriers on terms that are reasonable and that are based on the cost of providing these services. GCI s ability to provide service in the local telephone market depends on its negotiation or arbitration with local exchange carriers to allow interconnection to the carrier s existing local telephone network (in some Alaska markets at cost-based rates), to establish dialing parity, to obtain access to rights-of-way, to resell services offered by the local exchange carrier, and in some cases, to allow the purchase, at cost-based rates, of access to certain unbundled network elements. Future negotiations or arbitration proceedings with respect to new or existing markets could result in a change in GCI s cost of serving these markets via the facilities of the Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers or via wholesale offerings. GCI s local telephone services business faces the risk of unfavorable changes in regulation or legislation or the introduction of new regulations. Failure to stay abreast of new technology could affect GCI s ability to compete in the industry. GCI tests and deploys various new technologies and support systems intended to enhance its competitiveness and increase the utility of its services. As GCI s operations grow in size and scope, it must continuously improve and upgrade its systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of its systems and infrastructure. The emergence of alternative platforms such as mobile or tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. Replacing or upgrading GCI s infrastructure to keep pace with such technological changes could result in significant capital expenditures. Further, current and new wireless internet technologies such as 4G and 5G wireless broadband services continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability, and the Company expects other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. GCI may not successfully complete the rollout of new technology and related features or services in a timely manner, and they may not be widely accepted by GCI s customers or may not be profitable, in which case GCI could not recover its investment in the technology. There can be no assurance that GCI will be able to compete with advancing technology or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as it would like or in a cost effective manner. Deployment of technology supporting new service offerings may also adversely affect the performance or reliability of its networks with respect to both the new and existing services. Any resulting customer dissatisfaction could adversely affect GCI s ability to retain customers and attract new customers and may have an adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. In addition to introducing new technologies and offerings, GCI must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. If GCI is unable to do so on a cost-effective basis, GCI could experience reduced profits. GCI s operations are geographically concentrated in Alaska and are impacted by the economic conditions in Alaska, and GCI may not be able to continue to increase its share of the existing market for its services. GCI offers products and services to customers primarily throughout Alaska. Because of this geographic concentration, growth of GCI s business and operations depends upon economic conditions in Alaska, which have been negatively impacted in recent years by a recession and the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the customer base in Alaska is limited, and GCI has already achieved significant market penetration with respect to its service offerings in Anchorage and other locations in Alaska. GCI may not be able to continue to increase its share of the existing markets for its services, and no assurance can be given that the Alaskan economy will grow and increase the size of the markets GCI serves or increase the demand for the services it offers. The markets in Alaska for wireless and wireline telecommunications and video services are unique and distinct within the United States due to Alaska s large geographical size, its sparse population located in a limited number of clusters, and its distance from the rest of the United States. The expertise GCI has developed in operating its businesses in Alaska may not provide GCI with the necessary expertise to successfully enter other geographic markets. 
 I-40 

Table of Contents 
 Natural or man-made disasters or terrorist attacks could have an adverse effect on GCI s business. GCI s technical infrastructure (including its communications network infrastructure and ancillary functions supporting its network such as service activation, billing and customer care) is vulnerable to damage or interruption from technology failures, power surges or outages, natural disasters, fires, human error, terrorism, intentional wrongdoing or similar events. As a communications provider, there is an increased risk that GCI s technological infrastructure may be targeted in connection with terrorism, either as a primary target, or as a means of facilitating additional attacks on other targets. In addition, earthquakes, floods, fires and other unforeseen natural disasters or events could materially disrupt GCI s business operations or its provision of service in one or more markets. Specifically, the majority of GCI s facilities are located in areas with known significant seismic activity. Costs GCI incurs to restore, repair or replace its network or technical infrastructure, as well as costs associated with detecting, monitoring or reducing the incidence of unauthorized use, may be substantial and increase GCI s cost of providing service. Many of the areas in which GCI operates have limited emergency response services and may be difficult to reach in an emergency situation. Should a natural disaster or other event occur, it could be weeks or longer before remediation efforts could be implemented, if they could be implemented at all. Further, any failure in or interruption of systems that GCI or third parties maintain to support ancillary functions, such as billing, point of sale, inventory management, customer care and financial reporting, could materially impact GCI s ability to timely and accurately record, process and report information important to the Company s business. If any of the above events were to occur, GCI could experience higher churn, reduced revenue and increased costs, any of which could harm its reputation and have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, the Company s insurance may not be adequate to cover the costs associated with a natural disaster or terrorist attack. Cyberattacks or other network disruptions could have an adverse effect on the Company and GCI s business. Through the Company s operations, sales and marketing activities, it collects and stores certain non-public personal information related to its customers. The Company also gathers and retains information about employees in the normal course of business. The Company may share information about such persons with vendors, contractors and other third-parties that assist with certain aspects of its business. In addition, the Company s operations depend upon the transmission of information over the Internet. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to the Company or its vendors computer systems by, among other things, hacking into its systems or those of third parties, through fraud or other means of deceiving the Company s employees or its vendors, burglaries, errors by the Company or its vendors employees, misappropriation of data by employees, or other irregularities that may result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to its data. The techniques used to gain such access to the Company s or its vendors technology systems, data or customer information, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. Cyberattacks against GCI s or the Company s vendors technological infrastructure or breaches of network information technology may cause equipment failures, disruption of its or their operations, and potentially unauthorized access to confidential customer or employee data, which could subject the Company to increased costs and other liabilities as discussed further below. Cyberattacks, which include the use of malware, computer viruses, and other means for service disruption or unauthorized access to confidential customer or employee data, have increased in frequency, scope, and potential harm for businesses in recent years. It is possible for such cyberattacks to go undetected for an extended period of time, increasing the potential harm to GCI s or the Company s respective customers, employees, assets, and reputation. To date, GCI has not been subject to cyberattacks or network disruptions that, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to GCI s operations or financial condition. Although GCI has not detected a material security breach or cybersecurity incident to date, it has been the target of events of this nature and expects to be subject to similar attacks in the future. GCI engages in a variety of preventive measures at an increased cost to GCI, in order to reduce the risk of cyberattacks and safeguard its infrastructure and confidential customer information, but as with all companies, these measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all cyberattacks, system compromises or misuses of data. Such measures include, but are not limited to the following industry best practices: application whitelisting, anti-malware, message and spam filtering, encryption, advanced firewalls, threat detection, and URL filtering. Despite these preventive and detective actions, GCI s efforts may be insufficient to repel a cyberattack or prevent network disruption in the future and prevent the risks described above. 
 I-41 

Table of Contents 
 Some of the most significant risks to GCI s information technology systems, networks, and infrastructure include: cyberattacks that disrupt, damage, or allow unauthorized access to GCI s network and computer systems by criminal or terrorist actors, which may result in data breaches or network disruptions; undesired human actions including intentional or accidental errors, misconfigurations and break-ins; malware (including viruses, worms, and Trojan horses), software defects, unsolicited mass advertising, denial of service attacks, ransomware, and other malicious or abusive attacks by third parties; and unauthorized access to GCI s information technology, billing, customer care, and provisioning systems and networks and those of its vendors and other providers. 
 If hackers or cybercriminals gain access to GCI s technology systems, networks, or infrastructure, they may be able to access, steal, publish, delete, misappropriate, modify or otherwise disrupt access to confidential customer or employee data. Moreover, additional harm to customers or employees could be perpetrated by third parties who are given access to the confidential customer data. A network disruption (including one resulting from a cyberattack) could cause an interruption or degradation of service and diversion of management attention, as well as permit access, theft, publishing, deletion, misappropriation, or modification of confidential customer data. Due to the evolving techniques used in cyberattacks to disrupt or gain unauthorized access to technology networks, GCI may not be able to anticipate or prevent such disruption or unauthorized access. The costs imposed on GCI as a result of a cyberattack or network disruption could be significant. Among others, such costs could include increased expenditures on cyber security measures, litigation, regulatory actions, fines, sanctions, lost revenue from business interruption, and damage to the public s perception regarding GCI s ability to provide a secure service. As a result, a cyberattack or network disruption could have a material adverse effect on GCI s and the Company s business, financial condition, and operating results. GCI also faces similar risks associated with security breaches affecting third parties with which it is affiliated or otherwise conduct business. While GCI maintains cyber liability insurance that provides both third-party liability and first-party insurance coverage, its insurance may not be sufficient to protect against all of its losses from any future disruptions or breaches of its systems or other events as described above. Increases in data usage on GCI s wired and wireless networks may cause network capacity limitations, resulting in service disruptions, reduced capacity or slower transmission speeds for GCI s customers. Video streaming services and peer-to-peer file sharing applications use significantly more bandwidth than traditional Internet activity such as web browsing and email. As use of these services continues to grow, GCI s customers will likely use more bandwidth than in the past. Additionally, new wireless handsets and devices may place a higher demand for data on GCI s wireless network. If this occurs, GCI could be required to make significant capital expenditures to increase network capacity in order to avoid service disruptions, service degradation or slower transmission speeds for its customers. Alternatively, GCI could choose to implement network management practices to reduce the network capacity available to bandwidth-intensive activities during certain times in market areas experiencing congestion, which could negatively affect its ability to retain and attract customers in affected areas. While the Company believes demand for these services may drive customers to pay for faster speeds, competitive or regulatory constraints may preclude GCI from recovering the costs of the necessary network investments, which could result in an adverse impact to its business, financial condition, and operating results. Prolonged service interruptions or system failures could affect GCI s business. GCI relies heavily on its network equipment, communications providers, data and software to support all of its functions. GCI relies on its networks and the networks of others for substantially all of its revenue. GCI is able to deliver services and serve its customers only to the extent that it can protect its network systems against damage from power or communication failures, computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and other disruptions. While GCI endeavors to account for failures in the network by providing back-up systems and procedures, GCI cannot guarantee that these back-up systems and procedures will operate satisfactorily in an emergency. Disruption to its billing systems due to a failure of existing hardware and backup protocols could have an adverse effect on the Company s revenue and cash flow. Should GCI experience a prolonged failure, it could seriously jeopardize its ability to continue operations. In particular, should a significant service interruption occur, GCI s ongoing customers may choose a different provider, and its reputation may be damaged, reducing its attractiveness to new customers. 
 I-42 

Table of Contents 
 If failures occur in GCI s undersea fiber optic cable systems or GCI s TERRA facilities and its extensions, GCI s ability to immediately restore the entirety of GCI s service may be limited and the Company could incur significant costs. GCI s communications facilities include undersea fiber optic cable systems that carry a large portion of its traffic to and from the contiguous lower 48 states, one of which provides an alternative geographically diverse backup communication facility to the other. GCI s facilities also include TERRA and its extensions some of which are unringed, operating in a remote environment, and are at times difficult to access for repairs. Damage to an undersea fiber optic cable system or TERRA and its extensions could result in significant unplanned expense. For example, in January 2020, a fiber break occurred in GCI s TERRA ring in Alaska s Cook Inlet. Although service was not materially affected and has since been fully restored, and the financial impact was not significant, full functionality was not restored until March 2020 due to the uniquely challenging environmental conditions in the location of the fiber break. If a failure of both sides of the ring of GCI s undersea fiber optic facilities or GCI s ringed TERRA facility and its unringed extensions occurs and GCI is not able to secure alternative facilities, some of the communications services GCI offers to its customers could be interrupted, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. If a failure occurs in GCI s satellite communications systems, GCI s ability to immediately restore the entirety of its service may be limited. GCI s communications facilities include satellite transponders that GCI uses to serve many rural and remote Alaska locations. Each of GCI s C-band and Ku-band satellite transponders are backed up using on-board transponder redundancy. In the event of a complete spacecraft failure the services are restored using capacity on other spacecraft that are held in reserve. If a failure of GCI s satellite transponders occurs and GCI is not able to secure alternative facilities, some of the communications services GCI offers to its customers could be interrupted, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. GCI depends on a limited number of third-party vendors to supply communications equipment. If GCI does not obtain the necessary communications equipment, GCI will not be able to meet the needs of its customers. GCI depends on a limited number of third-party vendors to supply wireless, Internet, video and other telephony-related equipment. If GCI s providers of this equipment are unable to timely supply the equipment necessary to meet GCI s needs or provide them at an acceptable cost, GCI may not be able to satisfy demand for its services and competitors may fulfill this demand. Due to the unique characteristics of the Alaska communications markets (i.e., remote locations, rural, satellite-served, and low density populations), in many situations GCI deploys and utilizes specialized, advanced technology and equipment that may not have a large market or demand. GCI s vendors may not succeed in developing sufficient market penetration to sustain continuing production and may fail. Vendor bankruptcy, or acquisition without continuing product support by the acquiring company, may require GCI to replace technology before its otherwise useful end of life due to lack of on-going vendor support and product development. The suppliers and vendors on which GCI relies may also be subject to litigation with respect to technology on which GCI depends, including litigation involving claims of patent infringement. Such claims have been growing rapidly in the communications industry. The Company is unable to predict whether GCI s business will be affected by any such litigation. The Company expects GCI s dependence on key suppliers to continue as they develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. The failure of GCI s key suppliers to provide products or product support could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations. Supply chain disruptions could impact GCI s ability to obtain equipment and other supplies for its business from its key suppliers and vendors on acceptable terms or at all. To date, GCI s supply chain disruptions have been limited, but it may experience more severe supply chain disruptions in the future or supplier inability to manufacture or deliver equipment or parts. Any suspension or delay in GCI suppliers and vendors ability to provide us adequate equipment or supplies, or in GCI s ability to procure equipment or supplies from other sources in a timely manner or at all, could impair its ability to meet customer demand and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 I-43 

Table of Contents 
 Climate change and increasingly stringent environmental laws, rules and regulations, and customer expectations, could adversely affect GCI s business. There is a heightened public focus on climate change, sustainability, and environmental issues and customer, regulatory and shareholder expectations are evolving rapidly, with a focus on companies climate change readiness, response, and mitigation strategies. This has led to increased government regulation. The Company expects that the trend of increasing environmental awareness will continue, which will result in higher costs of operations. GCI is committed to incorporating environmentally sustainable practices into its business. While undertaken in a manner designed to be as efficient and cost effective as possible, this may result in increases in GCI s costs of operations relative to its competitors. The potential impact of climate change on GCI s operations and customers remains uncertain. The primary risk that climate change poses to GCI s business is the potential for increases in severe weather in the areas in which it operates. In addition, governmental initiatives to address climate change could, if adopted, restrict GCI s operations, require GCI to make capital expenditures to comply with these initiatives, increase GCI s costs, and impact GCI s ability to compete. GCI s inability to timely respond to the risks posed by climate change and the costs of compliance with climate change laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on GCI. GCI does not have insurance to cover certain risks to which it is subject, which could lead to the occurrence of uninsured liabilities. As is typical in the communications industry, GCI is self-insured for damage or loss to certain of its transmission facilities, including its buried, undersea and above-ground fiber optic cable systems. If GCI becomes subject to substantial uninsured liabilities due to damage or loss to such facilities, the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity may be adversely affected. GCI uses a third-party vendor for its customer billing systems. Any errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruption could have adverse operational, financial and reputational effects on the Company s business. GCI s third-party billing services vendor may experience errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruptions that could negatively impact GCI and over which GCI may have limited control. Interruptions and/or failure of this billing services system could disrupt GCI s operations and impact its ability to provide or bill for its services, retain customers, or attract new customers, and negatively impact overall customer experience. Any occurrence of the foregoing could cause material adverse effects on the Company s operations and financial condition, material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and reputational damage. Any significant impairment of GCI s indefinite-lived intangible assets would lead to a reduction in its net operating performance and a decrease in its assets. GCI had 1.3 billion of indefinite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2022, consisting of goodwill of 755 million, cable certificates of 550 million and other intangibles of 37 million. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over fair value of net assets acquired in connection with business acquisitions and the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition. GCI s cable certificates represent agreements or authorizations with government entities that allow access to homes in cable service areas, including the future economic benefits of the right to solicit and service potential customers and the right to deploy and market new services to potential customers. GCI s wireless licenses are from the FCC and give it the right to provide wireless service within a certain geographical area. If GCI makes changes in its business strategy or if market or other conditions adversely affect its operations, it may be forced to record an impairment charge, which would lead to a decrease in its assets and a reduction in its net operating performance. GCI s indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment during the fourth quarter and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate the assets might be impaired. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, GCI is required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the goodwill and/or the indefinite-lived intangible assets, as appropriate, in the period in which the determination is made. The testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment requires GCI to make significant estimates about its future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can 
 I-44 

Table of Contents 
 be affected by numerous factors, including changes in economic, industry or market conditions, changes in underlying business operations, future operating performance, changes in competition, or changes in technologies. Any changes to key assumptions, or actual performance compared with those assumptions, about GCI s business and its future prospects or other assumptions could affect the fair value, resulting in an impairment charge. Factors Relating to Charter The following risks relate specifically to our equity affiliate Charter. If any of these risks were realized, they could have a material adverse effect on the value of our equity interest in Charter, which could negatively impact our stock price and our financial prospects. Charter operates in a very competitive business environment, which affects its ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect its business, operations and financial results. The industry in which Charter operates is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. In some instances, Charter competes against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, access to better financing and greater and more favorable brand name recognition. Increasing consolidation in the telecommunications and content industries have provided additional benefits to certain of Charter s competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale including the ability to launch new video services. Charter s Internet service faces competition from other companies FTTH, fixed wireless broadband, Internet delivered via satellite and DSL services. Various operators offer wireless Internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds and also continue to expand 5G mobile services. Charter s voice and mobile services compete with wireless and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. Competition from these companies, including intensive marketing efforts with aggressive pricing and exclusive programming, may have an adverse impact on Charter s ability to attract and retain customers. Charter s video service faces competition from a number of sources, including DBS services, and companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband Internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices often with password sharing among multiple users and security that makes content susceptible to piracy. Newer products and services, particularly alternative methods for the distribution, sale and viewing of content will likely continue to be developed, further increasing the number of competitors that Charter faces. The increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for Charter s products and services, but also advertisers willingness to purchase advertising from Charter. Charter competes for the sale of advertising revenue with television networks and stations, as well as other advertising platforms, such as online media, radio and print. Competition related to Charter s service offerings to businesses continues to increase as well, as more companies deploy more fiber to more buildings, which may negatively impact Charter s growth and put pressure on margins. A failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect its competitive position with respect to the leisure time and discretionary spending of its customers and, as a result, affect its business and results of operations. Competition may also reduce its expected growth of future cash flows which may contribute to future impairments of Charter s franchises and goodwill and Charter s ability to meet cash flow requirements, including debt service requirements. Charter depends on third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors; thus, if it is unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, its ability to offer services could be impaired, and Charter s growth, operations, business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Charter depends on a limited number of third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide some of its services and execute its network evolution and rural construction initiatives. Some of Charter s hardware, software and operational support vendors, and service providers represent its sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some 
 I-45 

Table of Contents 
 exclusivity. Charter s ability to provide some services and complete its network evolution and rural construction initiatives might be materially adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials or services might interrupt or delay its ability to serve existing and new customers, if any of these parties experience or engage in the following: breach or terminate or elect not to renew their agreements with Charter or otherwise fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner; demand exceeds these vendors capacity; tariffs are imposed that impact vendors ability to perform their obligations or significantly increase the amount Charter pays; experience operating or financial difficulties; significantly increase the amount Charter is required to pay (including demands for substantial non-monetary compensation) for necessary products or services; or cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, profitability or a change in ownership or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services Charter needs in a timely manner at its specifications and at reasonable prices. 
 Charter s third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors have been disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines, restrictions on employees ability to work, office and factory closures, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions over the last three years. In addition, the existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. These events could materially and adversely affect Charter s ability to retain and attract customers and its operations, business, financial results and financial condition. Charter may not have the ability to pass on to its customers all of the increases in programming costs, which could adversely affect its cash flow and operating margins. Programming costs are Charter s single largest expense item. Charter s programming costs have historically increased in excess of customary inflationary and cost-of-living type increases. While decreases in video customers combined with a change in the mix of customers choosing lower cost packages have lowered total programming cost increases, Charter expects contractual programming rates per service subscriber to continue to increase as a result of annual increases pursuant to its programming contracts and contract renewals with programmers. Although Charter passes along amounts paid for local broadcast station retransmission consent to the majority of its customers, the inability to fully pass programming cost increases on to customers has had, and is expected in the future to have, an adverse impact on Charter s cash flow and operating margins associated with the video product. Additionally, the demands of large media companies, with additional selling power as a result of media and broadcast station groups consolidation, who link carriage of their most popular networks to carriage and cost increases of their less popular networks, and require Charter to carry their most popular networks to a large percentage of its video subscribers, have limited Charter s flexibility in selling more tailored and cost-sensitive programming packages for consumers. In order to mitigate impacts to operating margins due to increasing programming rates, Charter continues to review its pricing and programming packaging strategies. Increases in the cost of sports programming and the amounts paid for local broadcast station retransmission consent have been the largest contributors to the growth in programming costs over the last few years. Federal law allows commercial television broadcast stations to make an election between must-carry rights and an alternative retransmission-consent regime. When a station opts for the retransmission consent regime, Charter is not allowed to carry the station s signal without that station s permission. In retransmission-consent negotiations, broadcasters often condition consent with respect to one station on carriage of one or more other stations or programming services in which they or their affiliates have an interest. Carriage of these other services, as well as increased fees for retransmission rights, may increase programming expenses and diminish the amount of capacity Charter has available to introduce new services, which could have an adverse effect on Charter s business and financial results. Charter s programming contracts are generally for a fixed period of time, with potentially significant spend subject to negotiated renewal in any particular year. Charter will seek to renew these agreements on terms that it believes are favorable. There can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed on favorable or comparable terms. To the extent that Charter is 
 I-46 

Table of Contents 
 unable to reach agreement with certain programmers on terms that it believes are reasonable, Charter has been, and may in the future be, forced to remove such programming channels from its line-up, which may result in a loss of customers. Any failure to carry programming that is attractive to Charter s customers could adversely impact Charter s customer levels, operations and financial results. Any failure to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect its ability to compete effectively. Charter operates in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. From time to time, Charter may pursue strategic initiatives to launch products or enhancements to its products. Charter s success is, to a large extent, dependent on its ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers changing demands and distinguish its services from those of its competitors. Charter may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. If Charter chooses technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers than those chosen by its competitors, if technologies or equipment on which Charter has chosen to rely cease to be available to it on reasonable terms or conditions, if Charter offers services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, if Charter is not able to fund the expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments, or if Charter is no longer able to make its services available to its customers on a third-party device on which a substantial number of customers have relied to access its services, its competitive position could deteriorate, and its business and financial results could suffer. The ability of some of Charter s competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than Charter does may adversely affect its competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors product and service offerings may require Charter in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer, at no additional charge or at a lower price, certain products and services that Charter currently offers to customers separately or at a premium. In addition, the uncertainty of Charter s ability, and the costs, to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact its ability to respond to technological advances in a timely and effective manner. Any failure to maintain and expand its upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect Charter s ability to attract and retain customers. In addition, as Charter continues to grow its mobile services using virtual network operator rights from a third party, Charter expects continued growth-related sales and marketing and other customer acquisition costs as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when Charter provides devices pursuant to equipment installation plans. Charter also continues to consider and pursue opportunities in the mobile space which may include the acquisition of additional licensed spectrum and may include entering into or expanding joint ventures or partnerships with wireless or cable providers which may require significant investment. For example, Charter now holds CBRS PALs to support existing and future mobile services. These licenses are subject to revocation and expiration. Although Charter expects to be able to maintain and renew these licenses, the loss of one or more licenses could significantly impair its ability to offload mobile traffic and achieve cost reductions. If Charter is unable to continue to grow its mobile business and achieve the outcomes it expects from its investments in the mobile business, Charter s growth, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Charter s business may be adversely affected if Charter cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its business depends. Charter relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain Charter s intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in its operations. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, Charter both develops its own technologies, products and services and relies on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. However, any of Charter s intellectual property rights, or the rights of its suppliers, could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit Charter to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. Charter may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, claims of intellectual property infringement could require Charter to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require Charter to change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability to compete effectively. Even unsuccessful claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert 
 I-47 

Table of Contents 
 management s attention and resources away from Charter s business. Infringement claims continue to be brought frequently in the communications and entertainment industries, and Charter is also often a party to such litigation alleging that certain of its services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to Charter s networks, information systems or properties and could impair its operating activities and negatively impact Charter s reputation and financial results. Network and information systems technologies are critical to Charter s operating activities, both for its internal uses, such as network management, and supplying services to Charter s customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. Network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, cyberattacks such as ransomware, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. Both unsuccessful and successful cyberattacks on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. While Charter develops and maintains systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as techniques used in such attacks become more sophisticated and change frequently. Charter, and the third parties on which Charter relies, may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. While from time to time attempts have been made to access Charter s network, these events have not as yet resulted in any material release of information, degradation or disruption to its network and information systems. Charter s network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters (including extreme weather arising from short-term or any long-term changes in weather patterns), terrorist attacks and similar events. Charter s system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and Charter s disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Any of these events, if directed at, or experienced by, Charter or technologies upon which Charter depends, could have adverse consequences on Charter s network, customers and business, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers, and damage to Charter s or its customers equipment and data. Large expenditures may be necessary to repair or replace damaged property, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance that Charter maintains against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover Charter s losses or otherwise adequately compensate Charter for any disruptions to its business that may result. Any such significant service disruption could result in damage to Charter s reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. Any significant loss of customers or revenue, or significant increase in costs of serving those customers, could adversely affect Charter s growth, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, Charter s operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in its information technology systems and networks and those of its third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. Charter provides certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with its business, and there is a risk that this information may be compromised. Charter processes, stores and transmits large amounts of data, including the personal information of its customers. Ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information, the public s awareness of the importance of safeguarding personal information, and the volume of legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy, and security of personal information have resulted in increases to Charter s information-related risks. Charter could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage Charter s reputation, credibility and business and have a negative impact on its revenue. Charter could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigations involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices. Charter also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. Charter s exposure to the economic conditions of its current and potential customers, vendors and third parties could adversely affect its cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. Charter is exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of its current and potential customers, the potential financial instability of its customers and their financial ability to purchase its products. If there were a prolonged general economic downturn, Charter may experience increased cancellations or non-payment by its customers or unfavorable changes in the mix 
 I-48 

Table of Contents 
 of products purchased. This may include an increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with Internet-delivered and/or over-air content, as well as an increase in the number of Internet and voice customers substituting mobile data and voice products for wireline services which would negatively impact Charter s ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. In addition, Charter s ability to gain new customers is dependent to some extent on growth in occupied housing in its service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on Charter s advertising revenue. These events have adversely affected Charter in the past, and may adversely affect its cash flow, results of operations and financial condition if a downturn were to continue. In addition, Charter is susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which Charter relies to provide products and services or to which it outsources certain functions. The same economic conditions that may affect Charter s customers, as well as volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, also could adversely affect vendors and third parties and lead to significant increases in prices, reduction in output or the bankruptcy of Charter s vendors or third parties upon which Charter relies. Any interruption in the services provided by Charter s vendors or by third parties could adversely affect Charter s cash flow, results of operation and financial condition. If Charter is unable to retain key employees, its ability to manage its business could be adversely affected. Charter s operational results have depended, and its future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of its management team. Charter s ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications and technology industries. The loss of the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect Charter s ability to manage its business and its future operational and financial results. Charter has a significant amount of debt and expects to incur significant additional debt, including secured debt, in the future, which could adversely affect its financial condition and its ability to react to changes in its business. Charter has a significant amount of debt and expects to (subject to applicable restrictions in its debt instruments) incur additional debt in the future as Charter maintains its stated objective of 4.0 to 4.5 times Adjusted EBITDA leverage (net debt divided by the last twelve months Adjusted EBITDA). As of December 31, 2022, Charter s total principal amount of debt was approximately 97.4 billion with a leverage ratio of 4.47 times Adjusted EBITDA. As of December 31, 2022, 70.7 billion of Charter s debt was rated investment grade and 26.7 billion was rated high yield debt. This split rating allows Charter to access both the investment grade debt market and the high yield debt market. Charter s significant amount of debt could have consequences, such as: impact its ability to raise additional capital at reasonable rates, or at all; make it vulnerable to interest rate increases, in part because approximately 15 of its borrowings as of December 31, 2022 were, and may continue to be, subject to variable rates of interest; expose it to increased interest expense to the extent it refinances existing debt with higher cost debt; require it to dedicate a significant portion of its cash flow from operating activities to make payments on its debt, reducing its funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate expenses; limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business, the cable and telecommunications industries, and the economy at large; place it at a disadvantage compared to its competitors that have proportionately less debt; and adversely affect its relationship with customers and suppliers. 
 To the extent Charter s current debt amounts increase more than expected, Charter s business results are lower than expected, or credit rating agencies downgrade its debt limiting its access to investment grade markets, the related risks that Charter now faces will intensify. In addition, a portion of Charter s variable rate indebtedness may use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate. The FCA, which regulates LIBOR, stopped publishing one week and two month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates after 2021 with 
 I-49 

Table of Contents 
 remaining USD LIBOR rates ceasing to be published after June 30, 2023. In the United States, the U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has proposed the SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities, as an alternative to LIBOR. In addition, the overall financial markets may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of LIBOR. Uncertainty as to the nature of such phase out and selection of an alternative reference rate, together with disruption in the financial markets, could increase the cost of Charter s variable rate indebtedness. As a result of the pending cessation of LIBOR, Charter amended the Charter Operating credit agreement to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the interest rate benchmark for the revolving credit facility and certain of the term loans thereunder. SOFR may fluctuate based on general economic conditions, general interest rates, Federal Reserve rates and the supply of and demand for credit in the market. The agreements and instruments governing Charter s debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect its ability to operate its business, as well as significantly affect its liquidity. The indentures governing the CCO Holdings, LLC CCO Holdings notes contain a number of significant covenants that could adversely affect Charter s ability to operate its business, its liquidity, and its results of operations. These covenants restrict, among other things, CCO Holdings, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and all of their restricted subsidiaries ability to: incur additional debt; pay dividends on equity or repurchase equity; make investments; sell all or substantially all of their assets or merge with or into other companies; sell assets; in the case of restricted subsidiaries, create or permit to exist dividend or payment restrictions with respect to CCO Holdings, guarantee their parent companies debt, or issue specified equity interests; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and grant liens (with respect to only CCO Holdings). 
 Additionally, the Charter Operating credit facilities require Charter Operating to comply with a maximum total leverage covenant and a maximum first lien leverage covenant. The Charter Operating credit facilities, the Charter Operating notes, the TWC, LLC senior notes and debentures, and the TWCE debentures include customary negative covenants, including restrictions on the ability to incur liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money and consolidating, merging or conveying or transferring substantially all of the respective obligor s assets. The breach of any covenants or obligations in Charter s indentures or credit facilities, not otherwise waived or amended, could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing Charter s long-term indebtedness. In addition, the secured lenders under Charter s secured notes and the Charter Operating credit facilities could foreclose on their collateral, which includes equity interests in substantially all of Charter s subsidiaries, and exercise other rights of secured creditors. Charter s business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect its business. Regulation of the cable industry has increased cable operators operational and administrative expenses and limited their revenue. Cable operators are subject to numerous laws and regulations including those covering the following: the provision of high-speed Internet service, including net neutrality and broadband label transparency rules; the provision of voice communications, including rules for emergency communications, outage reporting, Customer Proprietary Network Information reporting and efforts to limit unwanted robocalls; cable franchise renewals and transfers; the provisioning, marketing and billing of cable and Internet equipment; 
 I-50 

Table of Contents 
 customer and employee privacy and data security; copyright royalties for retransmitting broadcast signals; the circumstances when a cable system must carry a broadcast station and the circumstances when it first must obtain retransmission consent to carry a broadcast station; limitations on Charter s ability to enter into exclusive agreements with multiple dwelling unit complexes and control Charter s inside wiring; equal employment opportunity; the resiliency of Charter s networks to maintain service during and after disasters and power outages; emergency alert systems, disability access, pole attachments, commercial leased access and technical standards; marketing practices, customer service, and consumer protection; and approval for mergers and acquisitions often accompanied by the imposition of restrictions and requirements on an applicant s business in order to secure approval of the proposed transaction. 
 Legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase Charter s costs or impose additional restrictions on Charter s businesses. Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, or participation in new regulatory programs, could have an adverse effect on Charter s business. There are ongoing efforts to amend or expand the federal, state, and local regulation of some of the services offered over Charter s cable systems, particularly its retail broadband Internet access service. Potential legislative and regulatory changes could adversely impact its business by increasing costs and competition and limiting Charter s ability to offer services in a manner that would maximize its revenue potential. These changes could include, for example, the reclassification of Internet services as regulated telecommunications services or other utility-style regulation of Internet services; restrictions on how Charter manages its Internet access services and networks; the adoption of new privacy restrictions on its collection, use and disclosure of certain customer information; new data security and cybersecurity mandates that could result in additional network and information security and cyber incident-reporting requirements for Charter s business; new restraints on Charter s discretion over programming decisions; new restrictions on the rates Charter charges to consumers for one or more of the services or equipment options it offers; changes to the cable industry s compulsory copyright license to carry broadcast signals; new requirements to assure the availability of navigation devices from third-party providers; new Universal Service Fund contribution obligations on Charter s Internet service revenue that would add to the cost of that service; increases in government-administered broadband subsidies to rural areas that could result in subsidized overbuilding of its facilities; the exhaustion of funding for the FCC s ACP or any changes to that program that could make it more difficult for Charter to provide services to low-income consumers; changes to the FCC s administration of spectrum; pending court challenges to the legality of the FCC s Universal Service programs, which, if successful, could adversely affect Charter s receipt of universal service funds, including but not limited to FCC RDOF grants to expand its network, FCC E-rate funds to serve schools and libraries and FCC Rural Health Care funds to serve eligible health care providers; and changes in the regulatory framework for VoIP telephone service, including the scope of regulatory obligations associated with Charter s VoIP telephone service and its ability to interconnect its VoIP telephone service with incumbent providers of traditional telecommunications service. As a winning bidder in the FCC s RDOF auction in 2020, Charter must comply with numerous FCC and state requirements to continue receiving such funding. To comply with these requirements, in RDOF areas, Charter has chosen to offer certain of its VoIP telephone services, such as its Lifeline services, subject to certain traditional federal and state common carrier regulations. Additionally, in some areas where Charter is building pursuant to subsidy programs, Charter will offer certain of its broadband Internet access services subject to required discounts and other marketing-related terms. If Charter fails to comply with those requirements, the governing regulatory agency could consider Charter in default and Charter could incur substantial penalties or forfeitures. If Charter fails to attain certain specified infrastructure build-out requirements under the RDOF program, the FCC could also withhold future support payments until those shortcomings are corrected. Any failure to comply with the rules and requirements of a subsidy grant could result in being suspended or disbarred from future governmental programs or contracts for a significant period of time, which could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
 I-51 

Table of Contents 
 If any laws or regulations are enacted that would expand the regulation of Charter s services, they could affect Charter s operations and require significant expenditures. Charter cannot predict future developments in these areas, and any changes to the regulatory framework for Charter s Internet, video, mobile or VoIP services could have a negative impact on its business and results of operations. It remains uncertain what rule changes, if any, will ultimately be adopted by Congress, the FCC and state legislatures, and what operating or financial impact any such rules might have on Charter, including on the operation of its broadband networks, customer privacy and the user experience. In addition, the FCC, the FTC, and various state agencies and attorney generals actively investigate industry practices and could impose substantial forfeitures for alleged regulatory violations. Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to Charter s tax and fee positions could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. Charter operates cable systems in locations throughout the United States and, as a result, is subject to the tax laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. From time to time, legislative and administrative bodies change laws and regulations that change Charter s effective tax rate or tax payments. Certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on Charter s services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. Potential changes include additional taxes or fees on Charter s services which could impact its customers, changes to income tax sourcing rules and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters that could increase Charter s income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. In addition, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that Charter s tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that it would be successful in any such challenge. Charter s cable system franchises are subject to non-renewal or termination and are non-exclusive. The failure to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more service areas could adversely affect its business. Charter s cable systems generally operate pursuant to franchises, permits, and similar authorizations issued by a state or local governmental authority controlling the public rights-of-way. Many franchises establish comprehensive facilities and service requirements, as well as specific customer service standards and monetary penalties for non-compliance. In many cases, franchises are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with significant provisions set forth in the franchise agreement governing system operations. Franchises are generally granted for fixed terms and must be periodically renewed. Franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if either past performance or the prospective operating proposal is considered inadequate. Franchise authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal. In some instances, local franchises have not been renewed at expiration, and Charter has operated and is operating under either temporary operating agreements or without a franchise while negotiating renewal terms with the local franchising authorities. There can be no assurance that Charter will be able to comply with all significant provisions of its franchise agreements and certain of its franchisors have from time to time alleged that Charter has not complied with these agreements. Additionally, although historically Charter has renewed its franchises without incurring significant costs, there can be no assurance that Charter will be able to renew, or to renew as favorably, its franchises in the future. A termination of or a sustained failure to renew a franchise in one or more service areas could adversely affect Charter s business in the affected geographic area. Charter s cable system franchises are non-exclusive. Consequently, local and state franchising authorities can grant additional franchises to competitors in the same geographic area or operate their own cable systems. In some cases, local government entities and municipal utilities may legally compete with Charter on more favorable terms. Factors Relating to our Common Stock and the Securities Market We expect our stock price to continue to be directly affected by the results of operations of Charter and developments in its business. The fair value of our investment in Charter, on an as-converted basis, was approximately 16.0 billion as of December 31, 2022, which represents a meaningful portion of our total market value. As a result, our stock price will continue to be directly affected by the results of operations of Charter and the developments in its business. 
 I-52 

Table of Contents 
 Although our Series B common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, there is no meaningful trading market for the stock. Our Series B common stock is not widely held, with approximately 92 of the outstanding shares beneficially owned by John C. Malone, the Chairman of the Board and a director of our company, as of January 31, 2023. Although it is quoted on the OTC Markets, it is sparsely traded and does not have an active trading market. The OTC Markets tend to be highly illiquid, in part, because there is no national quotation system by which potential investors can track the market price of shares except through information received or generated by a limited number of broker-dealers that make markets in particular stocks. There is also a greater chance of market volatility for securities that trade on the OTC Markets as opposed to a national exchange or quotation system. This volatility is due to a variety of factors, including a lack of readily available price quotations, lower trading volume, absence of consistent administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, and market conditions. Each share of the Series B common stock is convertible, at any time at the option of the holder, into one share of our Series A common stock, which is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol LBRDA. It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include the following: authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock: a Series B that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A that entitles the holders to one vote per share and a Series C that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holders to no voting rights; authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors; limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 66 2/3 of our voting power or the approval by at least 75 of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of our company, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our restated certificate of incorporation; and the existence of authorized and unissued stock which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of its management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us. 
 In addition, John C. Malone currently beneficially owns shares representing the power to direct approximately 49 of the aggregate voting power in our company, due to his beneficial ownership of approximately 92 of the outstanding shares of our Series B common stock as of January 31, 2023. Holders of a single series of our common stock may not have any remedies if an action by our directors has an adverse effect on only that series of our common stock. Principles of Delaware law and the provisions of our certificate of incorporation may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a disparate impact upon holders of any single series of our common stock. Under Delaware law, the board of directors has a duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, including the holders of all series of our common stock. Principles of Delaware law established in cases involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all common stockholders regardless of class or series and does not have separate or additional duties to any group of stockholders. As a result, in some circumstances, our directors may be required 
 I-53 

Table of Contents 
 to make a decision that is viewed as adverse to the holders of one series of our common stock. Under the principles of Delaware law and the business judgment rule, holders may not be able to successfully challenge decisions that they believe have a disparate impact upon the holders of one series of our stock if our board of directors is disinterested and independent with respect to the action taken, is adequately informed with respect to the action taken and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that the board is acting in the best interest of all of our stockholders. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties. Liberty Broadband In connection with the Broadband Spin-Off, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Liberty entered into a facilities sharing agreement with Liberty Broadband, pursuant to which Liberty Broadband shares office facilities with Liberty located at 12300 Liberty Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado, 80112. GCI Holdings GCI Holdings properties do not lend themselves to description by location of principal units. The majority of GCI Holdings properties are located in Alaska. GCI Holdings leases most of its executive, corporate and administrative facilities and business offices. GCI Holdings operating, executive, corporate and administrative properties are in good condition. GCI Holdings considers its properties suitable and adequate for its present needs. GCI Holdings properties consist primarily of undersea and terrestrial fiber optic cable networks, switching equipment, satellite transponders and earth stations, microwave radio, cable and wire facilities, cable head-end equipment, wireless towers and equipment, coaxial distribution networks, connecting lines (aerial, underground and buried cable), routers, servers, transportation equipment, computer equipment, general office equipment, land, land improvements, landing stations and other buildings. See note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements found in Part II of this report for additional information on its properties. Substantial amounts of GCI Holdings properties are located on or in leased real property or facilities. Substantially all of GCI Holdings properties secure the Senior Credit Facility. See note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements found in Part II of this report for additional information on the Senior Credit Facility. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Litigation Relating to the Combination Hollywood Firefighters Pension Fund, et al. v. GCI Liberty, Inc., et al. On October 9, 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed by two purported GCI Liberty stockholders in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware under the caption Hollywood Firefighters Pension Fund, et al. v. GCI Liberty, Inc., et al. , Case No. 2020-0880. A new version of the complaint was filed on October 11, 2020. The complaint named as defendants GCI Liberty, as well as the members of the GCI Liberty board of directors. The complaint alleged, among other things, that Mr. Gregory B. Maffei, a director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Broadband and, prior to the Combination, GCI Liberty, and Mr. John C. Malone, the Chairman of the board of directors of Liberty Broadband and, prior to the Combination, GCI Liberty, in their purported capacities as controlling stockholders and directors of GCI Liberty, and the other directors of GCI Liberty, breached their fiduciary duties by approving the Combination. The complaint also alleged that various prior and current relationships among members of the GCI Liberty special committee, Mr. Malone and Mr. Maffei rendered the members of the GCI Liberty special committee not independent. The complaint sought certification of a class action, declarations that Messrs. Maffei and Malone and the other directors of GCI Liberty breached their fiduciary duties and the recovery of damages and other relief. 
 I-54 

Table of Contents 
 On December 23, 2020, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint, which, among other things, included a new count of breach of fiduciary duty against Mr. Maffei and Mr. Gregg Engles, the other former member of the GCI Liberty special committee, and new allegations that the price of GCI Liberty was depressed as a result of statements and omissions by Mr. Maffei in November of 2019. During the first quarter of 2021, the parties were conducting discovery with the trial scheduled for November 2021. We believed the lawsuit was without merit. During March 2021 and in advance of the expenditure of significant time and costs to conduct the depositions proposed to have been taken in this action, the parties began negotiations with the class of plaintiffs for a potential settlement of this action. On May 5, 2021, the plaintiffs (on behalf of themselves and other members of a proposed settlement class) and defendants entered into an agreement in principle to settle the litigation pursuant to which the parties agreed that the plaintiffs will dismiss their claims with prejudice, with customary releases, in return for a settlement payment of 110 million to be paid by Merger LLC (as successor-by-merger to GCI Liberty, Inc.) and/or insurers for the defendants and for GCI Liberty. On June 17, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement, Compromise, and Release. On June 30, 2021, the Court preliminarily certified, solely for purposes of effectuating the proposed settlement, the action as a non-opt out class action on behalf of a settlement class consisting of all holders of GCI Liberty Series A common stock as of December 18, 2020. The Court set a settlement hearing for October 5, 2021, to determine whether to permanently certify the class, whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate to the settlement class, and whether to enter a judgment dismissing the action with prejudice, among other things. On October 18, 2021, subsequent to that hearing, the Court issued a final order permanently certifying the Class and approving the settlement. The Court also awarded Plaintiffs Counsel 22 million in attorneys fees, which shall be paid out of the settlement fund. Plaintiffs also requested that the Court issue an additional fee award, which Defendant opposed, not to be paid out of the settlement fund, in connection with a certain claim that was mooted earlier in the case (a mootness fee ). On November 8, 2021, the Court awarded Plaintiffs Counsel a 9 million mootness fee, which Defendant subsequently paid. Charter and Liberty Broadband - Delaware Litigation In August 2015, a purported stockholder of Charter, Matthew Sciabacucchi, filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery, on behalf of a putative class of Charter stockholders, challenging the transactions involving Charter, TWC, Advance/Newhouse Partnership, and Liberty Broadband announced by Charter on May 26, 2015. The lawsuit, which named as defendants Liberty Broadband, Charter and the board of directors of Charter, alleged that the transactions resulted from breaches of fiduciary duty by Charter s directors and that Liberty Broadband improperly benefited from the challenged transactions at the expense of other Charter stockholders. In January 2023, and in advance of the expenditure of significant time and costs, the parties reached a tentative agreement to settle the lawsuit. The settlement is subject to preliminary and final approval by the court and will result in a net payment to Charter as a result of the settlement of the derivative claims by the plaintiffs. Liberty Broadband expects to pay approximately 38 million to Charter as a result of the tentative settlement, which has been accrued as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet and recorded as a litigation settlement expense within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations. There can be no assurance that this tentative settlement will be finalized and approved by the court. Pending finalization of the settlement and in the event the settlement is not finalized and approved by the court, Charter and Liberty Broadband will continue to vigorously defend this lawsuit. Other Charter Proceedings The California Attorney General and the Alameda County, California District Attorney are investigating whether certain of Charter s waste disposal policies, procedures and practices are in violation of the California Business and Professions Code and the California Health and Safety Code. That investigation was commenced in January 2014. A similar investigation involving TWC was initiated in February 2012. Charter is cooperating with these investigations. While Charter is unable to predict the outcome of these investigations, it does not expect that the outcome will have a material effect on its operations, financial condition, or cash flows. In March 2020, Charter Communications, LLC CC, LLC ), an indirect subsidiary of Charter, was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in Dallas, Texas related to the fatal stabbing of an individual in her home by an off duty CC, LLC technician: William Goff, as Personal Representative of Betty Jo McClain Thomas, deceased, et al. v. Roy James Holden, Jr. and Charter Communications, LLC, Case No. CC-20-01579-E, pending in County Court at Law No. 5 for Dallas County, Texas. The complaint alleged that CC, LLC was responsible for Mrs. Thomas death. Following a two phase trial, the jury returned a verdict finding CC, LLC ninety percent at fault for Mrs. Thomas death, and awarded compensatory damages of 375 million to plaintiffs 
 I-55 

Table of Contents 
 and then awarded 7.0 billion in punitive damages to plaintiffs on July 26, 2022. On October 7, 2022, plaintiffs filed a motion for a judgment that proposed a reduced total award of 1.1 billion. The trial judge signed the judgment, and CC, LLC posted a 25 million bond to stay the judgment pending appeals. On January 11, 2023, and after issuing a series of decreasing settlement demands over several months, the plaintiffs issued a new, lower settlement demand to CC, LLC and its insurers, and then on January 18, 2023, plaintiffs also filed a notice of remittitur with the court to further reduce the judgment to 262 million, comprised of 87 million in actual damages, and 175 million in punitive damages. On January 24, 2023 and upon the insistence and demand of its insurers, CC, LLC reached a tentative settlement of this lawsuit at an amount substantially less than the reduced judgment and within CC, LLC s insurance coverage. In the event the settlement is not ultimately finalized, CC, LLC will continue to vigorously defend this lawsuit including pursuing all available appeals. Charter is a defendant or co-defendant in several lawsuits involving alleged infringement of various intellectual property relating to various aspects of its businesses. Other industry participants are also defendants in certain of these cases or related cases. In the event that a court ultimately determines that Charter infringes on any intellectual property, Charter may be subject to substantial damages and/or an injunction that could require Charter or its vendors to modify certain products and services it offers to its subscribers, as well as negotiate royalty or license agreements with respect to the intellectual property at issue. While Charter believes the lawsuits are without merit and intends to defend the actions vigorously, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to Charter s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Charter cannot predict the outcome of any such claims nor can it reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. Charter is party to other lawsuits, claims and regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of conducting its business. The ultimate outcome of these other legal matters pending against Charter or its subsidiaries cannot be predicted, and although such lawsuits and claims are not expected individually to have a material adverse effect on our or Charter s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, such lawsuits could have in the aggregate a material adverse effect on ours or Charter s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Whether or not Charter ultimately prevails in any particular lawsuit or claim, litigation can be time consuming and costly and injure its reputation. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 I-56 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters of Equity Securities. Market Information Our Series A and Series C common stock trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbols LBRDA and LBRDK, respectively. Our Series B common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol LBRDB , but it is not actively traded. Stock price information for securities traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market can be found on the Nasdaq s website at www.nasdaq.com. The following table sets forth the quarterly range of high and low sales prices of our Series B common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There is no established public trading market for our Series B common stock, which is quoted on the OTC Markets. Such over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Liberty Broadband Corporation Series B (LBRDB) High Low 2021 First quarter 153.11 142.85 Second quarter 160.40 141.15 Third quarter 178.00 170.00 Fourth quarter 173.00 151.00 2022 First quarter 159.61 130.58 Second quarter 133.46 105.76 Third quarter 117.75 93.00 Fourth quarter 89.95 73.75 Holders As of January 31, 2023, there were 637, 77 and 2,129 holders of our Series A, Series B and Series C common stock, respectively. The foregoing numbers of record holders do not include the number of stockholders whose shares are held nominally by banks, brokerage houses or other institutions, but include each such institution as one shareholder. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we have no present intention of so doing. Payment of cash dividends, if any, in the future will be determined by our board of directors in light of our earnings, financial condition and other relevant considerations. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 669 million available to be used for share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program. On January 26, 2022, a duly authorized committee of the board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 2.215 billion of Liberty Broadband common stock and on August 17, 2022, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 2 billion of Liberty Broadband common stock. 
 II-1 

Table of Contents 
 A summary of the repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Series A Common Stock Series C Common Stock (c) Total Number (d) Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Purchased as Value) of Shares that (a) Total Number (b) Average (a) Total Number (b) Average Part of Publicly May Yet Be Purchased of Shares Price Paid per of Shares Price Paid per Announced Plans or Under the Plans or Period Purchased Share Purchased Share Programs Programs October 1 - 31, 2022 46,960 79.86 1,141,979 76.95 1,188,939 2,151 million November 1 - 30, 2022 133,398 88.60 851,285 85.15 984,683 2,067 million December 1 - 31, 2022 214,384 83.54 566,237 83.99 780,621 2,002 million Total 394,742 84.81 2,559,501 81.24 2,954,243 There were no repurchases of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock or Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, 31 shares of Liberty Broadband Series A common stock, zero shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock, 380 shares of Series C common stock and 150 shares of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock were surrendered by our officers and employees to pay withholding taxes and other deductions in connection with the vesting of their restricted stock, restricted stock units and options. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis provides information concerning our results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. Overview Liberty Broadband Corporation Liberty Broadband, the Company, us, we, or our is primarily comprised of GCI Holdings, LLC GCI Holdings or GCI (as of December 18, 2020), a wholly owned subsidiary, and an equity method investment in Charter Communications, Inc. Charter ). During May 2014, the board of directors of Liberty Media Corporation and its subsidiaries Liberty authorized management to pursue a plan to spin-off to its stockholders common stock of a wholly-owned subsidiary, Liberty Broadband, and to distribute subscription rights to acquire shares of Liberty Broadband s common stock (the Broadband Spin-Off ). On December 18, 2020, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 6, 2020, entered into by GCI Liberty, Inc. GCI Liberty ), Liberty Broadband, Grizzly Merger Sub 1, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband Merger LLC ), and Grizzly Merger Sub 2, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Merger LLC Merger Sub ), Merger Sub merged with and into GCI Liberty (the First Merger ), with GCI Liberty surviving the First Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband (the Surviving Corporation ), and immediately following the First Merger, GCI Liberty (as the Surviving Corporation in the First Merger) merged with and into Merger LLC (the Upstream Merger , and together with the First Merger, the Combination ), with Merger LLC surviving the Upstream Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband. As a result of the Combination, each holder of a share of Series A common stock and Series B common stock of GCI Liberty received 0.58 of a share of Series C common stock and Series B common stock, respectively, of Liberty Broadband. Additionally, each holder of a share of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of GCI Liberty received one share of newly issued Liberty Broadband Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, which has substantially identical terms to GCI Liberty s former Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, including a mandatory redemption date of March 9, 2039. Cash was paid in lieu of issuing fractional shares of Liberty Broadband stock in the Combination. No shares of Liberty 
 II-2 

Table of Contents 
 Broadband stock were issued with respect to shares of GCI Liberty capital stock held by (i) GCI Liberty as treasury stock, (ii) any of GCI Liberty s wholly owned subsidiaries or (iii) Liberty Broadband or its wholly owned subsidiaries. Through a number of prior years transactions, including the Combination, Liberty Broadband has acquired an interest in Charter Communications, Inc. Charter ). Liberty Broadband controls 25.01 of the aggregate voting power of Charter. Skyhook Holdings, Inc. Skyhook was a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband until its sale on May 2, 2022 for aggregate consideration of approximately 194 million, including amounts held in escrow of approximately 23 million. Liberty Broadband recognized a gain on the sale of 179 million, net of closing fees, in the second quarter of 2022, which is recorded in Gain (loss) on dispositions, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Skyhook is included in Corporate and other through April 30, 2022 and is not presented as a discontinued operation as the sale did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on Liberty Broadband s operations and financial results. Included in Revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is 6 million, 18 million and 17 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to Skyhook. Included in Net earnings (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations are earnings of 4 million and less than 1 million and losses of 3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to Skyhook. Included in Total assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 is 18 million related to Skyhook. Strategies and Challenges Executive Summary GCI Holdings, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, provides a full range of data, wireless, video, voice, and managed services to residential customers, businesses, governmental entities, and educational and medical institutions primarily in Alaska under the GCI brand. Charter is a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through its Spectrum brand. Over an advanced high-capacity, two-way telecommunications network, Charter offers a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including Spectrum Internet, TV, Mobile and Voice. For small and medium-sized companies, Spectrum Business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity, while for larger businesses and government entities, Spectrum Enterprise provides highly customized, fiber-based solutions. Spectrum Reach delivers tailored advertising and production for the modern media landscape. Charter also distributes award-winning news coverage and sports programming to its customers through Spectrum Networks. At December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband owned approximately 47.2 million shares of Charter Class A common stock, representing an approximate 30.9 economic ownership interest in Charter s issued and outstanding shares. Key Drivers of Revenue GCI Holdings earns revenue from the monthly fees customers pay for data, wireless, video, voice and managed services. Through close coordination of its customer service and sales and marketing efforts, its customer service representatives suggest to its customers other services they can purchase or enhanced versions of services they already purchase to achieve increased revenue and penetration of its multiple service offerings. Charter s revenue is principally derived from the monthly fees customers pay for services it provides. Charter also earns revenue from one-time installation fees and advertising sales. Charter s marketing organization creates and executes marketing programs intended to grow customer relationships, increase the number of services they sell per relationship, retain existing customers and cross-sell additional products to current customers. Current Trends Affecting Our Business GCI Holdings and Charter must stay abreast of rapidly evolving technological developments and offerings to remain competitive and increase the utility of their products and services. These companies must be able to incorporate new technologies into their products and services in order to address the needs of their customers. 
 II-3 

Table of Contents 
 GCI Holdings GCI Holdings offers wireless and wireline telecommunication services, data services, video services, and managed services to customers primarily throughout Alaska. Because of this geographic concentration, growth of GCI Holdings business and operations depends upon economic conditions in Alaska. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has led to further economic disruptions. The U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates starting in March 2022 and additional increases are expected to continue. Mounting inflationary cost pressures and recessionary fears have negatively impacted the U.S. and global economy. Unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the U.S., or inflation in the markets in which GCI operates, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for GCI s products and services and its cost of doing business. The Alaska economy is dependent upon the oil industry, state and federal spending, investment earnings and tourism. A decline in oil prices would put significant pressure on the Alaska state government budget. The Alaska state government has significant reserves that GCI Holdings believes will help fund the state government for the next couple of years. The Alaska economy is subject to recessionary pressures as a result of the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in oil prices, inflation, and other causes that could result in a decrease in economic activity. While it is difficult for GCI Holdings to predict the future impact of a recession on its business, these conditions have had an adverse impact on its business and could adversely affect the affordability of and demand for some of its products and services and cause customers to shift to lower priced products and services or to delay or forgo purchases of its products and services. GCI Holdings customers may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit, which could affect their ability to make timely payments to GCI Holdings. In addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of customers that are unable to pay for services. There is a risk that GCI Holdings accounts receivable and bad debt expense could increase substantially in a recessionary environment. If a recession occurs, it could negatively affect GCI Holdings business including its financial position, results of operations, or liquidity, as well as its ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns. In addition, during 2022, GCI Holdings began to experience the impact of inflation-sensitive items, including upward pressure on the costs of materials, labor, and other items that are critical to GCI Holding s business. GCI Holdings continues to monitor these impacts closely and, if costs continue to rise, may be unable to recoup losses or offset diminished margins by passing these costs through to its customers or implementing offsetting cost reductions. Rural Health Care RHC Program GCI Holdings receives support from various Universal Service Fund USF programs including the RHC Program. The USF programs are subject to change by regulatory actions taken by the Federal Communications Commission FCC ), interpretations of or compliance with USF program rules, or legislative actions. Changes to any of the USF programs that GCI Holdings participates in could result in a material decrease in revenue and accounts receivable, which could have an adverse effect on GCI Holdings business and the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The following paragraphs describe certain separate matters related to the RHC Program that impact or could impact the revenue earned and receivables recognized by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net accounts receivable from the RHC Program in the amount of approximately 80 million, which is included within Trade and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. FCC Rate Reduction. In November 2017, the Universal Service Administrative Company USAC requested further information in support of the rural rates charged to a number of GCI Holdings RHC customers in connection with the funding requests for the year that runs July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2018. On October 10, 2018, GCI Holdings received a letter from the FCC s Wireline Competition Bureau Bureau notifying it of the Bureau s decision to reduce the rural rates charged to RHC customers for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 by approximately 26 resulting in a reduction of total support payments of 28 million. The FCC also informed GCI Holdings that the same cost methodology used for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 would be applied to rates charged to RHC customers in subsequent funding years. In response to the Bureau s letter, GCI Holdings filed an Application for Review with the FCC. On October 20, 2020, the Bureau issued two separate letters approving the cost-based rural rates GCI Holdings historically applied when recognizing revenue for services provided to its RHC customers for the funding years that ended on June 30, 2019 and June 30, 2020. GCI Holdings collected approximately 175 million in accounts receivable relating to these two funding years during the year ended December 31, 2021. GCI Holdings also filed an Application for Review of these 
 II-4 

Table of Contents 
 determinations. Subsequently, GCI identified rates for similar services provided by a competitor that would justify higher rates for certain GCI satellite services in the funding years that ended on June 30, 2018, June 30, 2019, and June 30, 2020. GCI submitted that information to the Bureau on September 7, 2021. The Applications for Review remain pending. On June 25, 2020, GCI Holdings submitted cost studies with respect to a number of its rates for services provided to its RHC customers for the funding year ended June 30, 2021, which require approval by the Bureau. GCI Holdings further updated those studies on November 12, 2020, to reflect the completion of the bidding season for that funding year. On May 24, 2021, the FCC approved the cost studies submitted by GCI Holdings for the funding year ended June 30, 2021. Subsequently, on August 16, 2021, GCI submitted a request for approval of rates for 17 additional sites, 13 of which the FCC approved on December 22, 2022. The rest remain pending. RHC Program Funding Cap. The RHC program has a funding cap for each individual funding year that is annually adjusted for inflation, and which the FCC can increase by carrying forward unused funds from prior funding years. In recent years, including the current year, this funding cap has not limited the amount of funding received by participants; however, management continues to monitor the funding cap and its potential impact on funding in future years. Enforcement Bureau and Related Inquiries. On March 23, 2018, GCI Holdings received a letter of inquiry and request for information from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC relating to the period beginning January 1, 2015 and including all future periods. This includes inquiry into the rates charged by GCI Holdings and other aspects related to the Enforcement Bureau s review of GCI Holdings compliance with program rules, which are discussed separately below. The ongoing uncertainty in program funding, as well as the uncertainty associated with the rate review, could have an adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In the fourth quarter of 2019, GCI Holdings became aware of potential RHC Program compliance issues related to certain of GCI Holdings currently active and expired contracts with certain of its RHC customers. The Company and its external experts performed significant and extensive procedures to determine whether GCI Holdings currently active and expired contracts with its RHC customers would be deemed to be in compliance with the RHC Program rules. GCI Holdings notified the FCC of the potential compliance issues in the fourth quarter of 2019. On May 28, 2020, GCI Holdings received a second letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau in the same matter noted above. This second letter, which was in response to a voluntary disclosure made by GCI Holdings to the FCC, extended the scope of the original inquiry to also include various questions regarding compliance with the records retention requirements related to the (i) original inquiry and (ii) RHC Program. On December 17, 2020, GCI Holdings received a Subpoena Duces Tecum from the FCC s Office of the Inspector General requiring production of documents from January 1, 2009 to the present related to a single RHC customer and related contracts, information regarding GCI Holdings determination of rural rates for a single customer, and to provide information regarding persons with knowledge of pricing practices generally. On April 21, 2021, representatives of the Department of Justice DOJ informed GCI Holdings that a qui tam action has been filed in the Western District of Washington arising from the subject matter under review by the Enforcement Bureau. The DOJ is investigating whether GCI Holdings submitted false claims and/or statements in connection with GCI s participation in the FCC s RHC Program. On July 14, 2021, the DOJ issued a Civil Investigative Demand with regard to the qui tam action. The FCC s Enforcement Bureau and GCI Holdings held discussions regarding GCI Holdings potential RHC Program compliance issues related to certain of its contracts with its RHC customers for which GCI Holdings had previously recognized an estimated liability for a probable loss of approximately 12 million in 2019 for contracts that were deemed probable of not complying with the RHC Program rules. During the year ended December 31, 2022, GCI Holdings recorded an additional estimated settlement expense of 15 million relating to a settlement offer made by GCI Holdings resulting in a total estimated liability of 27 million. GCI Holdings also identified certain contracts where additional loss was reasonably possible and such loss could range from zero to 30 million, which is a reduction of the reasonably possible loss range as previously disclosed in our December 31, 2021 Form 10-K given the settlement offer made during 2022. An accrual was not made for the amount of the reasonably possible loss in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. GCI Holdings could also be assessed fines and penalties but such amounts could not be reasonably estimated. 
 II-5 

Table of Contents 
 The DOJ and GCI Holdings held discussions regarding the qui tam action whereby the DOJ clarified that its investigation relates to the years from 2010 through 2019 and alleged that GCI Holdings had submitted false claims under the RHC Program during this time period. GCI Holdings continues to work with the DOJ related to this matter and has recorded a 14 million estimated settlement expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 to reflect discussions and settlement offers that GCI Holdings made to the DOJ during 2022. However, the Company is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of this action and is unable to reasonably estimate any range of additional possible loss beyond the 14 million estimated settlement liability, including any type of fine or penalty that may ultimately be assessed as permitted under the applicable law. Separately, during the third quarter of 2022, GCI Holdings became aware of possible RHC Program compliance issues relating to potential conflicts of interest identified in the historical competitive bidding process with respect to certain of its contracts with its RHC customers. GCI Holdings notified the FCC s Enforcement Bureau of the potential compliance issues; however, the Company is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of the potential compliance issues and is unable to reasonably estimate any range of loss or possible loss. Revision of Support Calculations. On August 20, 2019, the FCC released an order changing the manner in which support issued under the RHC Program will be calculated and approved. Some of these changes will become effective beginning with the funding year ended June 30, 2021, while others will apply beginning with the funding year ending June 30, 2022. On October 21, 2019, GCI Holdings appealed the order to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On December 6, 2019, that appeal was held in abeyance for nine months due to pending Petitions for Reconsideration filed by other parties at the FCC. The period of abeyance was subsequently extended several times, and is currently in place through March 8, 2023. At the direction of the FCC, USAC has released a database that purports to determine a median rate which will cap the amount of support available for each service sold under the program, starting in the funding year ending June 30, 2022. GCI Holdings has sought FCC review of various aspects of the database implementation. On September 30, 2020, USAC released a refreshed version of the database incorporating limited changes submitted by interested parties. On January 19, 2021, the Bureau issued an Order that waives the requirement to use the database for health care providers in Alaska for the two funding years ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023. The Order requires GCI Holdings to determine its rural rates based on previously approved rates or under reinstitution of the rules currently in effect through the funding year ended on June 30, 2021. On April 8, 2021, the Bureau issued an Order further extending the January 19, 2021 waiver to carriers nationwide and eliminating the ability or requirement to use the database to establish the healthcare provider payments for services subsidized by the RHC Telecom Program. On April 12, 2022 and May 25, 2022, the Bureau issued Orders further extending the January 19, 2021 and April 8, 2021 waivers regarding use of the database by health care providers seeking support under the RHC Program through the funding year ending June 30, 2024. On January 26, 2023, the Commission adopted an Order on Reconsideration, Report and Order, and Second Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, which grants the petitions challenging the rates database, returns the RHC Telecom Program to the rate determination rules in place prior to the adoption of the rates database, permits providers to determine rural rates based on previously approved rates through the funding years ending June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2026, and seeks comment on future revisions to the rate determination rules. Charter Charter faces intense competition for residential customers, both from existing competitors and, as a result of the rapid development of new technologies, services and products, from new entrants. With respect to its residential business, Charter competes with other providers of video, Internet access, telephone and mobile services, and other sources of home entertainment. Charter s principal competitors for video services are DBS service providers, as well as virtual multichannel video programming distributors such as Hulu Live, YouTube TV, Sling TV, Philo and DirecTV Stream. Charter s principal competitors for Internet services are the broadband services provided by companies, including fiber-to-the-home, fixed wireless broadband, Internet delivered via satellite and DSL services. A growing number of commercial areas, such as retail malls, restaurants and airports, offer WiFi Internet service. Numerous local governments are also considering or actively pursuing publicly subsidized WiFi Internet access networks. These options offer alternatives to cable-based Internet access. Charter s principal competitors for voice and mobile services are other mobile and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. The increase in the number of different technologies capable of carrying voice services and the number of alternative communication options available to customers as well as the replacement of wireline services by wireless have intensified the competitive environment in which Charter operates its residential voice service. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Charter added 1,728,000 mobile lines, 344,000 Internet customers and 126,000 residential and Small and Medium Business customer relationships, which excludes mobile-only customers. Charter 
 II-6 

Table of Contents 
 continues to see lower customer move rates and switching behavior among providers, which has reduced its selling opportunities. In October 2022, Charter introduced Spectrum One, which brings together Spectrum Internet, Advanced WiFi and Unlimited Spectrum Mobile, to offer consumers fast, reliable and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go in a high-value package which contributed to Charter s increase in mobile lines in the fourth quarter. In 2022, Charter also made targeted investments in employee wages and benefits inside of its operations to build employee skill sets and tenure as well as continued investments in digitization of its customer service platforms and proactive maintenance all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth. Charter spent 1.8 billion on its rural construction initiative during the year ended December 31, 2022. Charter expects that over time, its rural construction initiative will support customer growth and in 2022, Charter constructed over 200,000 rural passings. In addition, Charter continues to evolve and upgrade its network to provide higher Internet speeds and reliability and invest in its products and customer service platforms. By continually improving its product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to its services, Charter believes it can continue to penetrate its expanding footprint and attract more spend on additional products for its existing customers. Results of Operations Consolidated General. We provide information regarding our consolidated operating results and other income and expenses, as well as information regarding the contribution to those items from our reportable segments in the tables below. The Corporate and other category consists of those assets or businesses which do not qualify as a separate reportable segment. See note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more discussion regarding our reportable segments. GCI Holdings results are only included in the Company s consolidated results beginning on December 18, 2020. For a more detailed discussion and analysis of GCI Holdings results, see Results of Operations GCI Holdings, LLC below. Operating Results 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue GCI Holdings 969 970 34 Corporate and other 6 18 17 Consolidated 975 988 51 Operating Income (Loss) GCI Holdings 54 72 (5) Corporate and other (93) (170) (55) Consolidated (39) (98) (60) Adjusted OIBDA GCI Holdings 358 354 10 Corporate and other (31) (49) (24) Consolidated 327 305 (14) Revenue Revenue decreased 13 million and increased 937 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. Revenue at GCI Holdings remained relatively flat for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period. The increase in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, was primarily due to revenue from GCI Holdings as a result of the Combination on December 18, 2020. See Results of Operations GCI Holdings, LLC below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of GCI Holdings. 
 II-7 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue for Corporate and other decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, due to the sale of Skyhook. With the sale of Skyhook in May 2022, Corporate and other revenue was minimal during the first half of 2022 and will be zero in future periods as all Corporate and other revenue was generated by Skyhook. Revenue for Corporate and other increased slightly for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, due to increased revenue at Skyhook from both existing and new customers. Operating Income (Loss) Consolidated operating loss decreased 59 million and increased 38 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. Operating loss for Corporate and other for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included net litigation settlements of 38 million and 95 million, respectively. Operating loss for Corporate and other decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to decreased litigation settlements, as well as decreased professional service fees. Operating loss for Corporate and other for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, increased due to increased litigation settlements, as well as an increase in professional service fees and corporate compensation expenses, partially offset by the absence of transaction costs in 2021. Operating income decreased at GCI Holdings for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, and increased for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period. See Results of Operations GCI Holdings, LLC below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of GCI Holdings. Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expense decreased 4 million and increased 32 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease in stock-based compensation expense during 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in Liberty Broadband s allocation rate per the services agreement arrangement as described in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The increase in stock-based compensation expense during 2021 was primarily due to upfront grants per our CEO s employment agreement, along with the impact of the Combination. 
 II-8 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted OIBDA To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we also disclose Adjusted OIBDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted OIBDA as operating income (loss) plus depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, transaction costs, separately reported litigation settlements, restructuring, and impairment charges. Our chief operating decision maker and management team use this measure of performance in conjunction with other measures to evaluate our businesses and make decisions about allocating resources among our businesses. We believe this is an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our businesses by identifying those items that are not directly a reflection of each business performance or indicative of ongoing business trends. In addition, this measure allows us to view operating results, perform analytical comparisons and benchmarking between businesses and identify strategies to improve performance. Accordingly, Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, operating income, net income, cash flow provided by operating activities and other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The following table provides a reconciliation of Operating income (loss) to Adjusted OIBDA. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Operating income (loss) (39) (98) (60) Depreciation and amortization 262 267 15 Stock-based compensation 37 41 9 Litigation settlement, net of recoveries 67 95 Transaction costs 22 Adjusted OIBDA 327 305 (14) Adjusted OIBDA improved 22 million and 319 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. GCI Holdings Adjusted OIBDA improved 4 million and 344 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. See Results of Operations GCI Holdings, LLC below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of GCI Holdings. Corporate and other Adjusted OIBDA changed due to the fluctuations in operating income (loss) as discussed above. Other Income and Expense: Components of Other Income (Expense) are presented in the table below. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Other income (expense): Interest expense (133) (117) (28) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliate 1,326 1,194 713 Gain (loss) on dilution of investment in affiliate (63) (102) (184) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net 334 67 (83) Gain (loss) on dispositions, net 179 12 Other, net (70) (6) 3 1,573 1,048 421 Interest expense Interest expense increased 16 million and 89 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increase in 2022 was driven by higher interest rates on our variable rate debt. The increase in 2021 was driven by additional amounts outstanding on the Margin Loan Facility, the 2.75 Debentures and the 1.25 Debentures (each as defined in note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). The increase in 2021 was partially offset by a decrease in our weighted average interest rates. 
 II-9 

Table of Contents 
 Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates Share of earnings from affiliates increased 132 million and 481 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. Share of earnings (losses) from affiliates is attributable to the Company s ownership interest in Charter. Upon the Company s initial investment in Charter, the Company allocated the excess basis, between the book basis of Charter and fair value of the shares acquired, and ascribed remaining useful lives of 7 years and 13 years to property and equipment and customer relationships, respectively, and indefinite lives to franchise fees, trademarks and goodwill. As of December 31, 2022, property and equipment and customer relationships have weighted average remaining useful lives of approximately 5 years and 8 years, respectively. Outstanding debt is amortized over the contractual period using the straight-line method. Amortization related to debt and intangible assets with identifiable useful lives is included in the Company s share of earnings (losses) from affiliates line item in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and aggregated 232 million, 234 million, and 144 million, net of related taxes, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following is a discussion of Charter s stand alone results of operations. In order to provide a better understanding of Charter s operations, we have included a summarized presentation of Charter s results from operations. Charter is a separate publicly traded company and additional information about Charter can be obtained through its website and public filings, which are not incorporated by reference. The amounts included in the table below, derived from Charter s public filings, represent Charter s results for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue 54,022 51,682 48,097 Operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation (32,687) (31,381) (29,637) Adjusted OIBDA 21,335 20,301 18,460 Depreciation and amortization (8,903) (9,345) (9,704) Stock-based compensation (470) (430) (351) Operating income 11,962 10,526 8,405 Other expenses, net (4,500) (4,138) (4,103) Net income (loss) before income taxes 7,462 6,388 4,302 Income tax benefit (expense) (1,613) (1,068) (626) Net income (loss) 5,849 5,320 3,676 Charter s revenue increased 2.3 billion and 3.6 billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. Revenue growth during both years was primarily due to increases in the number of residential Internet, mobile and commercial customers and price adjustments, as well as higher advertising sales in 2022. The increases in revenue during 2022 and 2021 were partially offset by the net impact of increased operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, of 1.3 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. Operating costs increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year, primarily due to increased mobile costs, costs to service customers, as well as other corporate operating costs, partially offset by decreased programming costs and regulatory, connectivity and produced content costs. Operating costs increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year, primarily due to increased mobile and programming costs, as well as increased regulatory, connectivity and produced content costs. Operating costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 also increased due to increased litigation settlements, including the settlement with Sprint Communications Company L.P. and T-Mobile USA, Inc. for 220 million. Mobile costs were comprised of mobile device, mobile service, customer acquisition and operating costs. The increase in both years is attributable to an increase in the number of mobile lines. Costs to service customers increased during 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to higher bad debt, adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce and fuel costs. 
 II-10 

Table of Contents 
 Other corporate operating costs increased during 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to increased advertising sales expense driven by higher political advertising revenue, as well as higher computer and software expense and labor costs. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content decreased during 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to lower costs of video devices sold to customers and regulatory pass-through fees, as well as lower sports rights costs as a result of more basketball games during 2021 as compared to 2022 as the prior period had additional games due to the delayed start of the 2020 - 2021 National Basketball Association NBA season as a result of COVID-19. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content increased during 2021 primarily due to higher sports rights costs as a result of more NBA and Major League Baseball games during 2021 as compared to the corresponding period in 2020. Programming costs decreased during 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 as a result of fewer customers and a higher mix of lower cost video packages within Charter s video customer base, offset by contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consent. Programming costs increased during 2021 compared to the corresponding period in 2020 as a result of 124 million more rebates in 2020 than 2021 from sports programming networks as a result of canceled sporting events due to COVID-19, as well as contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consent offset by fewer customers and a higher mix of lower cost video packages within Charter s video customer base. Charter s Adjusted OIBDA in 2022 and 2021 increased for the reasons described above. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 442 million and 359 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decreases in both years were primarily due to a decrease in depreciation and amortization as certain assets acquired in acquisitions become fully depreciated, offset by an increase in depreciation as a result of more recent capital expenditures. Charter s results were also impacted by other expenses, net which increased 362 million and 35 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The changes in other expenses, net during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, were primarily due to increased net interest expense, as well as increased losses on extinguishment of debt and increased losses on equity investments. The changes in other expenses, net during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, were primarily due to increased net interest expense, as well as increased losses on financial instruments and increased losses on equity investments, partially offset by increased net periodic pension benefits. The loss on equity investments also included an impairment on equity investments of approximately 165 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Income tax expense increased 545 million and 442 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods. Income tax expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily as a result of an increase in pretax income, lower benefit from state tax rate changes and decreased recognition of excess tax benefits resulting from share-based compensation during 2021. Income tax expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily as a result of higher pretax income. Gain (loss) on dilution of investment in equity affiliate The loss on dilution of investment in affiliate decreased by 39 million and 82 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The decrease in 2022 is primarily due to a decrease in issuance of Charter common stock from the exercise of stock options held by employees and other third parties, partially offset by a smaller gain on dilution related to Charter s repurchase of Liberty Broadband s Charter shares, compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. The decrease in 2021 is primarily due to decreases in issuance of Charter s common stock from the exercise of stock options held by employees and other third parties, partially offset by a gain on dilution related to Charter s repurchase of Liberty Broadband s Charter shares. 
 II-11 

Table of Contents 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net are comprised of changes in the fair value of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Indemnification obligation 273 21 (9) Exchangeable senior debentures 61 46 (74) 334 67 (83) The changes in these accounts are primarily due to market factors and changes in the fair value of the underlying stocks or financial instruments to which these related (see notes 5 and 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion). The increase in realized and unrealized gains in 2022, compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, was primarily due to an increase in unrealized gains on the indemnification obligation, as well as the changes in fair value of the 2.75 Debentures, the 1.25 Debentures and the 1.75 Debentures related to changes in market price of the underlying Charter stock. The increase in 2021, compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, was primarily related to the assumption of the indemnification obligation by the Company as a result of the Combination, as well as the changes in fair value of the 2.75 Debentures, the 1.25 Debentures and the 1.75 Debentures related to changes in market price of the underlying Charter stock. Gain (loss) on dispositions, net Liberty Broadband recognized a gain on the sale of Skyhook of 179 million, net of closing fees, in the second quarter of 2022, which is recorded in Gain (loss) on dispositions, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. In 2021, Liberty Broadband recorded a gain of 12 million on the sale of an investment that occurred during the third quarter of 2021, which is recorded in Gain (loss) on dispositions, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Other, net Other, net expense increased 64 million and 9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increase in both years was primarily due to a tax sharing receivable with Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail that resulted in increased losses of 69 million and 12 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See more discussion about the tax sharing agreement with Qurate Retail in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Income taxes Earnings (losses) before income taxes and income tax (expense) benefit are as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Earnings (loss) before income taxes 1,534 950 361 Income tax (expense) benefit (277) (218) 37 Effective income tax rate 18 23 10 Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 18 . Our effective tax rate was lower than the federal tax rate of 21 in 2022 primarily due to the nontaxable decrease in the fair value of the indemnification obligation owed to Qurate Retail and tax benefits from the sale of stock of a subsidiary. 
 II-12 

Table of Contents 
 Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 23 . Our effective tax rate was higher than the federal tax rate of 21 in 2021 primarily due to a non-deductible litigation settlement and non-deductible executive compensation, partially offset by tax benefits from a change in effective tax rate used to measure deferred taxes on certain Charter shares. The Company had an income tax benefit of 37 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The tax benefit in 2020 was primarily due to a change in the effective state tax rate used to measure deferred taxes due to the Combination. Net earnings (losses) We had net earnings of 1,257 million, 732 million and 398 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The change in net earnings (losses) was the result of the above-described fluctuations in our revenue, expenses and other gains and losses. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in U.S. Treasury securities, other government securities or government guaranteed funds, AAA rated money market funds and other highly rated financial and corporate debt instruments. The following are potential sources of liquidity: available cash balances, cash generated by the operating activities of our privately-owned subsidiaries (to the extent such cash exceeds the working capital needs of the subsidiaries and is not otherwise restricted), monetization of investments (including Charter Repurchases (as defined in note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and discussed below)), outstanding or anticipated debt facilities (as defined in note 8 to the accompany consolidated financial statements), debt and equity issuances, and dividend and interest receipts. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband had a cash balance of 375 million. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Cash flow information Net cash provided (used) by operating activities (56) 3 (96) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 3,047 4,062 575 Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (2,797) (5,292) 904 The increase in cash used by operating activities in 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, was primarily driven by the non-recurring favorable collection of accounts receivable during the first quarter of 2021 from the RHC Program for the funding years that ended on June 30, 2019 and June 30, 2020. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, was primarily driven by increased activity in working capital accounts due to the Combination and the collection of accounts receivable from the RHC Program for the funding years that ended on June 30, 2019 and June 30, 2020, partially offset by litigation settlements, net of recoveries. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash flows provided by investing activities were primarily related to the sale of 6,168,174 and 6,077,664 shares of Charter Class A common stock for 3.0 billion and 4.2 billion, respectively, to maintain our fully diluted ownership percentage of Charter at 26 . In February 2021, Liberty Broadband entered into a letter agreement in order to implement, facilitate and satisfy the terms of the Stockholders Agreement with respect to the Equity Cap (see more information in note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). The Company expects the Charter Repurchases to be a significant source of liquidity in future periods. Additionally, the Company received 163 million of cash proceeds, net of closing fees, from the sale of Skyhook. These net inflows of cash was partially offset by capital expenditures of 181 million and 134 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 II-13 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash flows provided by investing activities were primarily due to the 592 million in cash acquired as a result of the Combination, offset partially by the exercise of preemptive rights to purchase an aggregate of approximately 35 thousand shares of Charter s Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 15 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash flows used in financing activities were primarily repurchases of Series A and Series C Liberty Broadband common stock of 2.9 billion, partially offset by net borrowings of debt of approximately 100 million of outstanding Revolving Loans (as defined in note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) under the Margin Loan Facility. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash flows used in financing activities were primarily repurchases of Series A and Series C Liberty Broadband common stock of 4.3 billion, as well as net debt repayments of 700 million of outstanding Revolving Loans under the Margin Loan Facility, net debt repayment of 155 million by GCI, LLC on its revolving credit facility and repayment by GCI, LLC of 395 million of the Term Loan B (as defined in note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), partially offset by additional borrowings of 250 million under the Term Loan A (as defined in note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash flows provided by financing activities were primarily borrowings of 2.8 billion under the Margin Loan Facility and issuances of multiple senior exchangeable debentures (see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information), partially offset by repayments of debt of 1.3 billion and repurchases of Series C Liberty Broadband common stock of 597 million. The projected uses of our cash are the potential buyback of common stock under the approved share buyback program, net capital expenditures of approximately 185 million, approximately 175 million for interest payments on outstanding debt, approximately 15 million for preferred stock dividends, funding of any operational needs of our subsidiaries, to reimburse Liberty for amounts due under various agreements and to fund potential investment opportunities. We expect corporate cash and other available sources of liquidity to cover corporate expenses for the foreseeable future. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Material Cash Requirements We have contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Although it is reasonably possible we may incur losses upon conclusion of such matters, an estimate of any loss or range of loss cannot be made, except for those matters disclosed in notes 10 and 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Information concerning the amount and timing of current and long-term material cash requirements, both accrued and off-balance sheet, excluding loss contingencies and uncertain tax positions, if any, where it is indeterminable when payments will be made, is summarized below: 

Payments due by period Less than After Total 1 year 2 - 3 years 4 - 5 years 5 years amounts in millions Material Cash Requirements Debt (1) 3,817 3 1,406 391 2,017 Preferred stock liquidation value 180 180 Interest expense and preferred stock dividends (2) 1,339 184 221 170 764 Finance and operating lease obligations 128 48 55 11 14 Tower obligations, including interest 140 8 16 16 100 Purchase obligations 119 59 37 16 7 Total 5,723 302 1,735 604 3,082 

(1) Amounts are reflected in the table at the outstanding principal amount at December 31, 2022, assuming the debt instrument will remain outstanding until the stated maturity date, and may differ from the amounts stated in our consolidated balance sheet to the extent debt instruments (i) were issued at a discount or premium or 
 II-14 

Table of Contents 
 (ii) have elements which are reported at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. Amounts do not assume additional borrowings or refinancings of existing debt. (2) Amounts (i) are based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022, (ii) assume the interest rates on our variable rate debt remain constant at the December 31, 2022 rates and (iii) assume that our existing debt is repaid at contractual maturity. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Listed below are the accounting estimates and accounting policies that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. All of these accounting estimates and assumptions, as well as the resulting impact to our financial statements, have been discussed with our audit committee. Application of the Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Affiliates. For those investments in affiliates in which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, the equity method of accounting is used. Under this method, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses of the affiliate as they occur rather than as dividends or other distributions are received. Losses are limited to the extent of the Company s investment in, advances to and commitments for the equity method investee. The Company determines the difference between the purchase price of the equity method investee and the underlying equity which results in an excess basis in the investment. This excess basis is allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities of the Company s equity method investee through an acquisition accounting exercise and is allocated within memo accounts used for equity method accounting purposes. Depending on the applicable underlying assets, these amounts are either amortized over the applicable useful lives or determined to be indefinite lived. Changes in the Company s proportionate share of the underlying equity of an equity method investee, which result from the issuance of additional equity securities by such equity method investee, to investors other than the Company, are recognized in the statement of operations through the gain (loss) on dilution of investment in affiliate line item. We periodically evaluate our equity method investment to determine if decreases in fair value below our cost basis are other than temporary. If a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary, we are required to reflect such decline in our consolidated statements of operations. Other than temporary declines in fair value of our equity method investment would be included in share of earnings (losses) of affiliates in our consolidated statement of operations. The primary factors we consider in our determination of whether declines in fair value are other than temporary are the length of time that the fair value of the investment is below our carrying value; the severity of the decline; and the financial condition, operating performance and near term prospects of the equity method investee. In addition, we consider the reason for the decline in fair value, be it general market conditions, industry specific or equity method investee specific; analysts ratings and estimates of 12 month share price targets for the equity method investee; changes in stock price or valuation subsequent to the balance sheet date; and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for a recovery in fair value. Our evaluation of the fair value of our investments and any resulting impairment charges are made as of the most recent balance sheet date. Changes in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date due to the factors described above are possible. Subsequent decreases in fair value will be recognized in our consolidated statement of operations in the period in which they occur to the extent such decreases are deemed to be other than temporary. Subsequent increases in fair value will be recognized in our consolidated statement of operations only upon our ultimate disposition of the investment. Fair Value of Non-Financial Instruments. The Company s non-financial instrument valuations are primarily comprised of its determination of the estimated fair value allocation of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in business combinations, the Company s annual assessment of the recoverability of its goodwill and other nonamortizable intangibles, and the Company s evaluation of the recoverability of its other long-lived assets upon certain triggering events. 
 II-15 

Table of Contents 
 The Company periodically reviews the carrying value of its intangible assets with definite lives and other long-lived assets to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets or asset groups might not be recoverable. Factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset group, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset group, among others. If such facts indicate a potential impairment, the recoverability of the asset group is assessed by determining whether the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group over the remaining economic life of the asset group. If the carrying amount of the asset group is greater than the expected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by such asset group, including its ultimate disposition, an impairment adjustment is recognized. If the carrying value of the Company s amortizing intangible or long-lived assets exceeds their estimated fair value, the Company is required to write the carrying value down to fair value. Any such write down is included in impairment expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. A high degree of judgment is required to estimate the fair value of the Company s amortizing intangible and long-lived assets. The Company may use quoted market prices, prices for similar assets, present value techniques and other valuation techniques to prepare these estimates. The Company may need to make estimates of future cash flows and discount rates as well as other assumptions in order to implement these valuation techniques. Due to the high degree of judgment involved in our estimation techniques, any value ultimately derived from the Company s amortizing intangible or long-lived assets may differ from its estimate of fair value. The Company utilizes the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for its property and equipment in connection with business combinations. The cost approach considers the amount required to replace an asset by constructing or purchasing a new asset with similar utility, then adjusts the value in consideration of physical depreciation and functional and technological obsolescence as of the appraisal date. The cost approach relies on management s assumptions regarding current material and labor costs required to rebuild and repurchase significant components of the Company s property and equipment along with assumptions regarding the age and estimated useful lives of its property and equipment. The accounting guidance permits entities to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment supports that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, exceeds its fair value, then a quantitative assessment is performed. The Company utilizes an income approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for its customer relationships and cable certificates in connection with business combinations and annual impairment testing when deemed necessary. The income approach quantifies the expected earnings of the Company s customer relationships and cable certificates, by isolating the after tax cash flows attributable to the respective asset and then discounting the cash flows to their present value. The income approach relies on management s assumptions such as projected revenue, market penetration, expenses, capital expenditures, customer trends, and a discount rate applied to the estimated after tax cash flows. The Company performs an annual assessment of the recoverability of its goodwill during the fourth quarter, or more frequently, if events and circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. In evaluating goodwill on a qualitative basis, the Company reviews the business performance of each reporting unit and evaluates other relevant factors as identified in the relevant accounting guidance to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indicated impairment exists for any of its reporting units. The Company considers whether there are any negative macroeconomic conditions, industry specific conditions, market changes, increased competition, increased costs in doing business, management challenges, legal environments and how these factors might impact company specific performance in future periods. As part of the analysis, the Company also considers fair value determinations for certain reporting units that have been made at various points throughout the current and prior year for other purposes. If based on the qualitative analysis it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, the Company performs the quantitative impairment test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test compares the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. The estimated fair value of a reporting unit has historically been determined using an income approach, when deemed necessary. The Company s income approach model used for its reporting unit valuation is consistent with that used for the cable certificates except that cash flows from the entire business enterprise are used. 
 II-16 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes. We are required to estimate the amount of tax payable or refundable for the current year and the deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been reflected in our financial statements or tax returns for each taxing jurisdiction in which we operate. This process requires our management to make judgments regarding the timing and probability of the ultimate tax impact of the various agreements and transactions that we enter into. Based on these judgments we may record tax reserves or adjustments to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets to reflect the expected realizability of future tax benefits. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law, significant changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, our inability to generate sufficient future taxable income or unpredicted results from the final determination of each year s liability by taxing authorities. These changes could have a significant impact on our financial position. Results of Operations GCI Holdings, LLC As described in notes 1 and 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, Liberty Broadband acquired GCI Holdings in the Combination on December 18, 2020. As GCI Holdings results are only included in the Company s 2020 results for 13 days following the Combination, we believe a discussion of GCI Holdings results for a comparative three year period promotes a better understanding of GCI Holdings operations. For comparison and discussion purposes the Company is presenting (a) the results of GCI Holdings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company and (b) the actual historical results of GCI Holdings for the year ended December 31, 2020, exclusive of the effects of acquisition accounting. The most significant effect of acquisition accounting is an increase to depreciation and amortization as compared to prior periods as a result of an increase in fair values of depreciable and amortizable assets. This historical financial information of GCI Holdings can be found in historical filings of GCI Liberty, Inc. with the exception of the fourth quarter of 2020. The financial information below is presented voluntarily and does not purport to represent what the results of operations of GCI Holdings would have been if it were a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband for the periods presented or to project the results of operations of GCI Holdings for any future periods. GCI Holdings provides a full range of data, wireless, video, voice, and managed services to residential, businesses, governmental entities, and educational and medical institutions primarily in Alaska. The following table highlights selected key performance indicators used in evaluating GCI Holdings. 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consumer Data: Cable modem subscribers 1 157,200 151,900 140,600 Wireless: Wireless lines in service 2 191,100 185,200 176,900 

 1 A cable modem subscriber is defined by the purchase of cable modem service regardless of the level of service purchased. If one entity purchases multiple cable modem service access points, each access point is counted as a subscriber. 2 A wireless line in service is defined as a wireless device with a monthly fee for services. 
 II-17 

Table of Contents 
 GCI Holdings operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue 969 970 949 Operating expenses (excluding stock-based compensation included below): Operating expense (250) (272) (271) Selling, general and administrative expenses (361) (344) (333) Adjusted OIBDA 358 354 345 Stock-based compensation (13) (16) (10) Litigation settlement (29) Depreciation and amortization (262) (266) (248) Operating income (loss) 54 72 87 Revenue The components of revenue are as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Consumer Data 231 214 188 Wireless 193 184 171 Other 55 86 106 Business Data 395 368 339 Wireless 53 74 89 Other 42 44 56 Total revenue 969 970 949 Consumer data revenue increased 17 million and 26 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increases in both years were driven by increases in the number of subscribers and the subscribers selection of plans with higher recurring monthly charges that offer higher speeds and higher usage limits. Consumer wireless revenue increased 9 million and 13 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increases in both years were primarily due to increased plan service fee revenue driven by an increase in the number of subscribers and subscribers selection of plans with higher recurring monthly charges that offer higher usage limits. Additionally, equipment and accessories sales revenue increased, which was driven by an increase in the number of handsets sold. Consumer other revenue decreased 31 million and 20 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. Consumer other revenue consists of consumer video and voice revenue. The decreases in both years were due to a decrease in video revenue primarily driven by decreased video subscribers. This was the result of both the transition from traditional linear video delivery to IP delivery and GCI Holdings decision to discontinue selling bulk video packages for multi-dwelling units. Additionally, when 2021 is compared to the corresponding prior year period, there was a decrease in advertising revenue driven by a reduction in advertising sales due to the absence of a major political election in 2021 compared to 2020. Historically, GCI Holdings has seen declines in video and voice subscribers and revenue and expects a continued decrease as customers potentially choose alternative services. Business data revenue increased 27 million and 29 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increases in both years were primarily due to increased 
 II-18 

Table of Contents 
 sales to school and health care customers due to service upgrades as well as new customer growth. The increases for both periods were partially offset by decreases in professional services revenue driven by a reduction in time and materials project work. Business wireless revenue decreased 21 million and 15 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease in 2022 was primarily due to decreases in roaming revenue. The decrease in roaming revenue was driven by a contract amendment signed in the fourth quarter of 2021. Although the contract amendment will result in lower annual roaming revenue, GCI Holdings will benefit from the extension of the agreement for several years as well as continued backhaul revenue. The decrease in 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in grant and roaming revenue. Business other revenue decreased 2 million and 12 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. Business other revenue consists of business video and voice revenue. The decrease in 2022 was primarily due to decreased business video and long distance revenue. The decrease in 2021 was primarily due to the sale of the Company s broadcast television station in the third quarter of 2020, as well as a reduction in conference calling, long distance minutes and local service lines for voice services. Historically, GCI Holdings has seen declines in video and voice subscribers and revenue and has not focused business efforts on growth in these areas. Operating expenses decreased 22 million and increased 1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease in 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in video costs, primarily due to a decrease in costs paid to content producers driven by reduced video subscribers, partially offset by an increase in costs to operate GCI Holdings network driven by the increase in demand for data services. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in costs to operate our network driven by the increase in demand from school and health care customers, as well as an increase in wireless handset costs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in professional services costs driven by a reduction in time and materials project work and a decrease in video costs driven by the sale of the Company s broadcast television station in the third quarter of 2020, as well as a decrease in costs paid to content producers driven by a decrease in video subscribers. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 17 million and 11 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to increases in labor related costs driven by an increase in contract labor costs. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in labor related costs driven by increases in healthcare costs as employees returned to normal healthcare interactions and increases in contract labor. The increase is partially offset by decreased legal and compliance costs and decreased lease and facility costs. Stock based compensation decreased 3 million and increased 6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease in 2022 was due to awards granted in prior years that became fully vested in 2021. The increase in 2021 was due to the fair value assigned to converted awards as part of the modification as a result of the Combination. Additionally, stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 included the reversal of expense for performance-based awards that did not vest. Litigation settlement increased 29 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period. This was due to an increase in the estimated liability of 29 million relating to compliance with RHC program rules which reflects settlement offers that GCI Holdings made to the DOJ and the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC in 2022. Depreciation and amortization decreased 4 million and increased 18 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease in 2022 was due to lower amortization expense because of an accelerated recognition pattern for amortizing intangible assets. The increase in 2021 was primarily due 
 II-19 

Table of Contents 
 to an increase in assets placed in service since January 1, 2020 and higher amortization expense because of an accelerated recognition pattern for amortizing intangibles as a result of the Combination. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are exposed to market risk in the normal course of business due to our ongoing investing and financial activities. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in stock prices and interest rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risks and the use of financial instruments to manage our exposure to such risks. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing and investment activities, which could include investments in fixed and floating rate debt instruments and borrowings used to maintain liquidity and to fund business operations. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt are expected to vary as a result of future requirements, market conditions and other factors. We manage our exposure to interest rates by maintaining what we believe is an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We believe this best protects us from interest rate risk. We could achieve this mix by (i) issuing fixed rate debt that we believe has a low stated interest rate and significant term to maturity, (ii) issuing variable rate debt with appropriate maturities and interest rates and (iii) entering into interest rate swap arrangements when we deem appropriate. Liberty Broadband s borrowings under the Margin Loan Agreement (as defined in note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) and the Senior Credit Facility (as defined in note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) carry a variable interest rate based on LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. LIBOR is the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), an index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. Our Margin Loan Agreement and Senior Credit Facility provide for a transition to a SOFR based rate or to other alternative reference rates depending on acceptance in the market of these rates. As of December 31, 2022, our debt is comprised of the following amounts: 

Variable rate debt Fixed rate debt Principal Weighted avg Principal Weighted avg amount interest rate amount interest rate dollar amounts in millions GCI Holdings 402 5.9 600 4.8 Corporate and other 1,400 6.2 1,415 1.9 Our investment in Charter (our equity method affiliate) is publicly traded and not reflected at fair value in our balance sheet. Our investment in Charter is subject to market risk that is not directly reflected in our financial statements. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The consolidated financial statements of Liberty Broadband Corporation are filed under this Item, beginning on Page II-26. The financial statement schedules required by Regulation S-X are filed under Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 
 II-20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its chief executive officer and its principal accounting and financial officer (the Executives ), and under the oversight of its Board of Directors, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Executives concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. See page II-23 for Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. See page II-24 for Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for their attestation regarding our internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 II-21 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm audited the consolidated financial statements and related notes in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and have issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Their report appears on page II-24 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 II-22 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Liberty Broadband Corporation: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Liberty Broadband Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado February 17, 2023 
 II-23 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Liberty Broadband Corporation: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Liberty Broadband Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Equity method accounting for the Company s investment in Charter As discussed in notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded an investment in Charter of 11,433 million as of December 31, 2022, accounted for using the equity method. The investment represents approximately 75.5 of the total assets of the Company as of December 31, 2022. The investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses as they occur and for additional purchases and sales of Charter shares. The Company s investment in Charter differs from the underlying equity of Charter which results in excess basis in the investment. This excess basis is allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities of the Company s investee within memo accounts used for equity method accounting. We identified the evaluation of the equity method of accounting for the Company s investment in Charter as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the Company s application of the equity method of accounting for the Company s investment in Charter required a higher degree of auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of audit effort required to address the matter, including the involvement of valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the critical audit matter. This included controls related to the Company s application of its equity method accounting, including the related share of earnings calculation, allocation of excess basis to the memo accounts, the associated amortization, and the gain or loss on dilution. We performed risk assessment procedures, including sensitivity analyses, and applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over the investment. We developed independent expectations of (1) the Company s share of earnings of Charter and (2) the gain or loss on dilution and compared 
 II-24 

Table of Contents 
 such expectations to the amounts recorded by the Company. We recalculated (1) the allocation of excess basis to the memo accounts and (2) the related excess basis amortization. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in assessing the allocation of the excess basis, including (1) assessing the valuation methodology used by the Company to estimate the fair value of Charter s assets by comparison to generally accepted valuation methodologies, and (2) assessing the identification of marketplace transactions used in the model by considering the comparability to Charter. Sufficiency of audit evidence over certain data, wireless, video and voice revenue streams As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements and disclosed in the consolidated statements of operations, the Company reported revenue of 975 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which included 892 million of revenue related to data, wireless, video and voice services at GCI Holdings. The Company s accounting for these revenue streams involves multiple processes and information technology (IT) systems. We identified the evaluation of sufficiency of audit evidence over certain data, wireless, video, and voice revenue streams at GCI Holdings as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence required subjective auditor judgment due to the number of revenue streams and related IT applications utilized throughout the revenue recognition process. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate whether relevant revenue data was captured and aggregated throughout these various processes and IT applications, which included the involvement of IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. We applied auditor judgment in determining the revenue streams over which procedures would be performed and evaluating the nature and extent of evidence obtained over each relevant revenue stream. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over revenue. For each revenue stream where procedures were performed: we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the revenue recognition process, including controls related to accurately recording amounts for certain of the Company s data, wireless, video, and voice revenue streams we assessed the recorded revenue by selecting a sample of transactions and compared the amounts recognized to underlying documentation, including evidence of contracts with customers. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: testing relevant IT applications and internal controls over the Company s revenue recognition processes testing the transfer of relevant revenue data between different IT systems used in the Company s revenue recognition processes. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of the procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. Denver, Colorado February 17, 2023 
 II-25 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 2021 amounts in millions Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Investment in Charter, accounted for using the equity method (note 6) Property and equipment, net (note 2) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Goodwill (note 7) Cable certificates Other Intangible assets subject to amortization, net (note 7) Other assets, net Total assets See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-26 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 2021 amounts in millions, except share amounts Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of debt, including and measured at fair value, respectively (note 8) Indemnification obligation (note 5) Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net, including and measured at fair value, respectively (note 8) Obligations under finance leases and tower obligations, excluding current portion (note 9) Long-term deferred revenue Deferred income tax liabilities (note 10) Preferred stock (note 11) Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity Series A common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively Series B common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Series C common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Commitments and contingencies (note 14) Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-27 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions, except per share amounts Revenue Operating costs and expenses: Operating expense (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) Selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation and transaction costs (note 12) Depreciation and amortization Litigation settlement, net of recoveries (note 14) Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense (including amortization of deferred loan fees) ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliate (note 6) Gain (loss) on dilution of investment in affiliate (note 6) ) ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net (note 5) ) Gain (loss) on dispositions, net (note 1) Other, net ) ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net earnings (loss) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty Broadband shareholders Basic net earnings (loss) attributable to Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Broadband shareholders per common share (note 2) Diluted net earnings (loss) attributable to Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Broadband shareholders per common share (note 2) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-28 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes: Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to debt credit risk adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) Less comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty Broadband shareholders See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-29 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Litigation settlement, net of recoveries Share of (earnings) losses of affiliate, net ) ) ) (Gain) loss on dilution of investment in affiliate Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) (Gain) loss on dispositions, net ) ) Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Current and other assets ) Payables and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Grant proceeds received for capital expenditures Cash received for Charter shares repurchased by Charter Cash proceeds from dispositions, net GCI Liberty, Inc. cash acquired in merger Other investing activities, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt, finance leases and tower obligations ) ) ) Repurchases of Liberty Broadband common stock ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 
 II-30 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Accumulated Retained Noncontrolling Additional other earnings interest in Common stock paid-in comprehensive (accumulated equity of Total Series A Series B Series C capital earnings deficit) subsidiaries equity amounts in millions Balance at December 31, 2019 Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes Stock-based compensation Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Liberty Broadband stock repurchases ) ) Net impact of GCI Liberty, Inc. Acquisition Noncontrolling interest activity at Charter and other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Liberty Broadband stock repurchases ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest activity at Charter and other Balance at December 31, 2021 Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Liberty Broadband stock repurchases ) ) Noncontrolling interest activity at Charter and other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-31 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 of a share of Series C common stock and Series B common stock, respectively, of Liberty Broadband. Additionally, each holder of a share of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of GCI Liberty GCI Liberty Preferred Stock received share of newly issued Liberty Broadband Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock ), which has substantially identical terms to GCI Liberty s former Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, including a mandatory redemption date of March 9, 2039. Cash was paid in lieu of issuing fractional shares of Liberty Broadband stock in the Combination. No shares of Liberty Broadband stock were issued with respect to shares of GCI Liberty capital stock held by (i) GCI Liberty as treasury stock, (ii) any of GCI Liberty s wholly owned subsidiaries or (iii) Liberty Broadband or its wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, many countries throughout the world took aggressive actions, including imposing travel restrictions and stay-at-home orders, closing public attractions and restaurants, and mandating social distancing practices, which caused a significant disruption to most sectors of the economy at varying levels during the periods covered by the financial statements. While the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets, we are not presently aware of any events or circumstances arising from the COVID-19 pandemic that would require us to update our estimates or judgments or revise the carrying value of our assets or liabilities. Our estimates may change, however, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and any such changes will be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from estimates, and any such differences may be material to our financial statements. Skyhook Holdings, Inc. Skyhook was a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Broadband until its sale on May 2, 2022 for aggregate consideration of approximately million, including amounts held in escrow of approximately million. Liberty Broadband recognized a gain on the sale of million, net of closing fees, in the second quarter of 2022, which is 
 II-32 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to Skyhook. Included in Net earnings (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations are earnings of million and less than million and losses of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to Skyhook. Included in Total assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 is million related to Skyhook. Spin-Off Arrangements During May 2014, the board of directors of Liberty Media Corporation and its subsidiaries Liberty authorized management to pursue a plan to spin-off to its stockholders common stock of a wholly owned subsidiary, Liberty Broadband, and to distribute subscription rights to acquire shares of Liberty Broadband s common stock (the Broadband Spin-Off ). In connection with the Broadband Spin-Off, Liberty (for accounting purposes a related party of the Company) and Liberty Broadband entered into certain agreements in order to govern certain of the ongoing relationships between the two companies and to provide for an orderly transition, including a services agreement and a facilities sharing agreement. Additionally, in connection with a prior transaction, GCI Liberty and Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail (for accounting purposes a related party of the Company) entered into a tax sharing agreement, which was assumed by Liberty Broadband as a result of the Combination. The tax sharing agreement provides for the allocation and indemnification of tax liabilities and benefits between Qurate Retail and Liberty Broadband and other agreements related to tax matters. Under the facilities sharing agreement, Liberty Broadband shares office space with Liberty and related amenities at Liberty s corporate headquarters. Liberty Broadband will reimburse Liberty for direct, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Liberty in providing these services which will be negotiated semi-annually. Pursuant to the services agreement, Liberty provides Liberty Broadband with general and administrative services including legal, tax, accounting, treasury and investor relations support. In December 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the services agreement with Liberty in connection with Liberty s entry into a new employment arrangement with Gregory B. Maffei, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the amended services agreement, components of his compensation would either be paid directly to him by each of the Company, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc., GCI Liberty, and Qurate Retail (collectively, the Service Companies or reimbursed to Liberty, in each case, based on allocations among Liberty and the Service Companies set forth in the amended services agreement. This allocation percentage will be determined based on a combination of (1) relative market capitalizations, weighted , and (2) a blended average of historical time allocation on a Liberty-wide and CEO basis, weighted , in each case, absent agreement to the contrary by Liberty and the Service Companies in consultation with the CEO. The allocation percentage will then be adjusted annually and following certain events. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the allocation percentage for Liberty Broadband was , and , respectively. Following the Combination, GCI Liberty no longer participates in the services agreement arrangement. The amended services agreement provides for a employment term which began on January 1, 2020 and ends December 31, 2024, with an aggregate annual base salary of million (with no contracted increase), an aggregate one-time cash commitment bonus of million (paid in December 2019), an aggregate annual target cash performance bonus of million, aggregate annual equity awards of million and aggregate equity awards granted in connection with his entry into his new agreement of million (the upfront awards ). A portion of the grants made to our CEO in the year ended December 31, 2020 related to our company s allocable portion of these upfront awards. Under these various agreements, amounts reimbursable to Liberty were approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liberty Broadband had a tax sharing receivable with Qurate Retail of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which million and was in Other current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP and represent the historical consolidated financial information of GCI 
 II-33 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 past due, a pooled basis using a percentage of related accounts, or a specific identification method. When a specific identification method is used, potentially uncollectible accounts due to bankruptcy or other issues are reviewed individually for collectability. Write-offs of accounts receivable balances occur when the Company deems the receivables are uncollectible. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. ) 2021 
 II-34 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 outstanding derivative instruments at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 II-35 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Buildings ) Telephony transmission equipment and distribution facilities 5 - Cable transmission equipment and distribution facilities 5 - Support equipment and systems 3 - Fiber optic cable systems 15 - Other 2 - Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation of property and equipment under finance leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments are capitalized. Accumulated depreciation is removed and gains or losses are recognized at the time of sales or other dispositions of property and equipment. Material interest costs incurred during the construction period of non-software capital projects are capitalized. Interest is capitalized in the period commencing with the first expenditure for a qualifying capital project and ending when the capital project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalized interest costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, and were not material for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 II-36 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Liability incurred Accretion expense Liability settled ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Liability incurred Accretion expense Liability settled Balance at December 31, 2022 Certain of the Company s network facilities are on property that requires it to have a permit and the permit contains provisions requiring the Company to remove its network facilities in the event the permit is not renewed. The Company expects to continually renew its permits and therefore cannot reasonably estimate any liabilities associated with such agreements. A remote possibility exists that the Company would not be able to successfully renew a permit, which could result in it incurring significant expense in complying with restoration or removal provisions. . The Company capitalizes certain costs associated with internally developed software such as payroll costs of employees devoting time to the projects, external direct costs for materials and services, and interest costs incurred. Costs associated with internally developed software to be used internally are expensed until the point the project has reached the development stage. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internal-use software are capitalized only to the extent that they allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. The capitalization of software requires judgment in determining when a project has reached the development stage. The Company has Software as a Service SaaS arrangements which are accounted for as service agreements, and are not capitalized. Internal and other third party costs for SaaS arrangements are capitalized or expensed in accordance with the internal use software guidance as discussed in the preceding paragraph. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment upon certain triggering events. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are being amortized over to periods with a weighted-average life of . 
 II-37 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 
 II-38 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 . Participating customers have the right to trade-in the original equipment for a new device after making the equivalent of monthly installment payments, provided their handset is in good working condition. Upon upgrade, the outstanding balance of the wireless equipment installment plan is exchanged for the used handset. GCI Holdings accounts for this upgrade option as a right of return with a reduction of Revenue and Operating expense for handsets expected to be upgraded based on historical data. Other Other revenue consists of video and voice revenue. Video revenue is generated primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to GCI Holdings cable video plans. Video revenue is billed in advance, recorded as deferred revenue on the balance sheet, and recognized as the associated services are provided to the customer. Voice revenue is for fixed monthly fees for voice plans as well as usage based fees for long-distance service usage. Voice plan fees are billed in advance, recorded as deferred revenue on the balance sheet, and recognized as the associated services are provided to the customer. Usage based fees are recognized as services are provided. Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations Contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations as customers purchase multiple services and products within those contracts. For such arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price for each service or product within the contract. Standalone selling prices are generally determined based on the prices charged to customers. Significant Judgments Some contracts with customers include variable consideration, and may require significant judgment to determine the total transaction price, which impacts the amount and timing of revenue recognized. GCI Holdings uses historical customer data to estimate the amount of variable consideration included in the total transaction price and reassess its estimate at each reporting 
 II-39 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million in 202 3 , million in 202 4 , million in 202 5 , million in 202 6 and million in 202 7 and thereafter. The Company applies certain practical expedients as permitted and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less, information about revenue remaining from usage based performance obligations that are recognized over time as-invoiced, or variable consideration allocated to wholly unsatisfied performance obligations. Contract Balances The Company had receivables of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the long-term portion of which are included in Other assets, net. The Company had deferred revenue of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the long-term portion of which are included in Other liabilities. The receivables and deferred revenue are only from contracts with customers. GCI Holdings customers generally pay for services in advance of the performance obligation and therefore these prepayments are recorded as deferred revenue. The deferred revenue is recognized as revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as the services are provided. Changes in the contract liability balance for the Company during 2022 was not materially impacted by other factors. Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer Management expects that incremental commission fees paid to intermediaries as a result of obtaining customer contracts are recoverable and therefore the Company capitalizes them as contract costs. Capitalized commission fees are amortized based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate which typically range from two to , and are included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses. The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 II-40 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Wireless Other Business Revenue Data Wireless Other Lease, grant, and revenue from subsidies Total GCI Holdings Corporate and other Total million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was not material for the year ended December 31, 2020. Advertising costs are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation line item in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 II-41 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 , and of GCI Holdings revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had USF net receivables of million at December 31, 2022. See note 14 for more information regarding the rural health care receivables. 
 II-42 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Potentially dilutive shares Diluted WASO Potential common shares excluded from diluted EPS because their inclusion would be antidilutive for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are approximately million, million and million, respectively. million grant made by the US Department of Agriculture Rural Utilities Service as part of the ReConnect Program to bring Mbps internet speeds and affordable, unlimited data plans to a dozen Aleutian, Alaska Peninsula and Kodiak Island communities. For accounting purposes, this grant is accounted for using grant accounting model by analogy to International Accounting Standard 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. This grant is recorded as deferred revenue since the primary conditions for the receipt of the grant are the build out and operation of the broadband services over the next . During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue recorded in the consolidated financial statements was not material. Both short-term and long-term deferred revenue have been recorded for the million grant received, with approximately million recorded as long-term. 
 II-43 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Investment in Charter Intangible assets not subject to amortization Intangible assets subject to amortization Receivables and other assets Net liabilities assumed ) Deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) Noncontrolling interests ) Fair value of equity consideration ) Cash paid (received) for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes The following table reconciles cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets to the total amount presented in its consolidated statements of cash flows: Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Restricted cash primarily relates to cash restricted for use on GCI Holdings various arrangements to help fund projects that extended terrestrial broadband service for the first time to rural Alaska communities via a high capacity hybrid fiber optic and microwave network. 
 II-44 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Fair value of newly issued Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock 2 Fair value of share-based payment replacement awards 3 Total fair value of consideration Less: Fair value of Liberty Broadband shares attributable to share repurchase 4 ) Total fair value of consideration attributable to business combination Less: Fair value of newly issued Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock 2 ) Less: Fair value of share-based payment replacement awards accounted for as liability awards ) Total fair value of acquisition consideration to be allocated 

 (1) The fair value of newly issued Series C and B Liberty Broadband common stock was calculated by multiplying (i) the outstanding shares of GCI Liberty Series A and B common stock as of December 18, 2020 (ii) the exchange ratio of , and (iii) the closing share price of Liberty Broadband Series C and B common stock on December 18, 2020. Liberty Broadband issued million shares of Series C common stock and thousand shares of Series B common stock. (2) The fair value of the newly issued Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock was calculated by multiplying (i) the outstanding shares of GCI Liberty Preferred Stock as of December 18, 2020, and (ii) the closing share price of GCI Liberty Preferred Stock on December 18, 2020. The GCI Liberty Preferred Stock was converted on a to one ratio into Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock. (3) This amount represents the fair value of share-based payment replacement awards. (4) GCI Liberty owned approximately million shares of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock. The acquisition of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock is accounted for as a share repurchase by Liberty Broadband. This amount was calculated by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock owned by GCI Liberty as of December 18, 2020 and (ii) the closing share price of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock on December 18, 2020. The application of the acquisition method resulted in the assignment of purchase price to the GCI Liberty assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimates of their acquisition date fair values (primarily level 3). The determination of the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities (and the determination of estimated lives of depreciable tangible and identifiable intangible assets) requires significant judgment. 
 II-45 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Receivables Property and equipment Goodwill Investment in Charter Intangible assets not subject to amortization Intangible assets subject to amortization Other assets Deferred revenue ) Debt, including obligations under tower and finance leases ) Indemnification liability ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) Preferred stock ) Non-controlling interest ) Other liabilities ) Total fair value of acquisition consideration to be allocated Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the identifiable net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce, value associated with future customers, continued innovation and non-contractual relationships. Amortizable intangible assets of million were acquired and are comprised of customer relationships with a weighted average useful life of approximately and right-to-use assets with a weighted average useful life of approximately . Approximately million of the acquired goodwill will be deductible for income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2021, the determination of the acquisition date fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities is final. Since the date of the acquisition, included in net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty Broadband shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2020 was million in earnings related to GCI Liberty. The unaudited pro forma revenue, net earnings and basic and diluted net earnings per common share of Liberty Broadband, prepared utilizing the historical financial statements of Liberty Broadband, giving effect to acquisition accounting related adjustments made at the time of acquisition, as if the acquisition discussed above occurred on January 1, 2019, are as follows: Net earnings (loss) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty Broadband shareholders Basic net earnings (loss) attributable to Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Broadband shareholders per common share Diluted net earnings (loss) attributable to Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Broadband shareholders per common share The pro forma results include adjustments directly attributable to the business combination including adjustments related to the amortization of acquired tangible and intangible assets, revenue, interest expense, stock-based compensation, and the exclusion of transaction related costs. The pro forma information is not representative of the Company s future results of operations nor does it reflect what the Company s results of operations would have been if the acquisition had occurred previously and the Company consolidated the results of GCI Liberty during the periods presented. 
 II-46 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Indemnification obligation Exchangeable senior debentures Pursuant to an indemnification agreement initially entered into by GCI Liberty and assumed by Liberty Broadband in connection with the Combination, Liberty Broadband has agreed to indemnify Liberty Interactive LLC LI LLC ), a subsidiary of Qurate Retail, for certain payments made to holders of LI LLC s exchangeable debentures due 2046 (the Exchangeable Debentures ). An indemnity obligation in the amount of million was recorded upon completion of the Combination. The indemnification liability due to LI LLC pertains to the holders ability to exercise their exchange right according to the terms of the Exchangeable Debentures on or before October 5, 2023. Such amount will equal the difference between the exchange value and par value of the Exchangeable Debentures at the time the exchange occurs. The indemnification obligation recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 represents the fair value of the estimated exchange feature included in the Exchangeable Debentures primarily based on observable market data as significant inputs (Level 2). As of December 31, 2022, a holder of the Exchangeable Debentures has the ability to exchange their debentures on October 5, 2023, and, accordingly, such indemnification obligation is included as a current liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company s exchangeable senior debentures are debt instruments with quoted market value prices that are not considered to be traded on active markets , as defined in GAAP, and are reported in the foregoing table as Level 2 fair value. Other Financial Instruments Other financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis include trade receivables, trade payables, accrued and other current liabilities, current portion of debt (with the exception of the Debentures, the Debentures and the Debentures (each as defined in note 8)) and long-term debt. With the exception of long-term debt, the carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments as reported on our consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of the Margin Loan Facility, Senior Credit Facility and Wells Fargo Note Payable (each as defined in note 8) all bear interest at a variable rate and therefore are also considered to approximate fair value. 
 II-47 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 ) Exchangeable senior debentures (1) ) ) 

 (1) The Company has elected to account for its exchangeable senior debentures using the fair value option. Changes in the fair value of the exchangeable senior debentures recognized in the consolidated statements of operations are primarily due to market factors driven by changes in the fair value of the underlying shares into which the debt is exchangeable. The Company isolates the portion of the unrealized gain (loss) attributable to the change in the instrument specific credit risk and recognizes such amount in other comprehensive income. The change in the fair value of the exchangeable senior debentures attributable to changes in the instrument specific credit risk before tax was a loss of million, a loss of million and a gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The cumulative change was a gain of less than million as of December 31, 2022. 
 billion and billion, respectively. We own an approximate economic ownership interest in Charter, based on shares of Charter s Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Upon the closing of the Time Warner Cable merger, the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2015, by and among Charter, Liberty Broadband and Advance/Newhouse Partnership, as amended (the Stockholders Agreement ), became fully effective. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Liberty Broadband s equity ownership in Charter (on a fully diluted basis) is capped at the greater of or the voting cap (as defined below) Equity Cap ). As of December 31, 2022, due to Liberty Broadband s voting interest exceeding the current voting cap of , our voting control of the aggregate voting power of Charter is . Under the Stockholders Agreement, Liberty Broadband has agreed to vote (subject to certain exceptions) all voting securities beneficially owned by it, or over which it has voting discretion or control that are in excess of the voting cap in the same proportion as all other votes cast by public stockholders of Charter with respect to the applicable matter. In February 2021, Liberty Broadband was notified that its ownership interest, on a fully diluted basis, had exceeded the Equity Cap set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. On February 23, 2021, Charter and Liberty Broadband entered into a letter agreement in order to implement, facilitate and satisfy the terms of the Stockholders Agreement with respect to the Equity Cap . Pursuant to this letter agreement, following any month during which Charter purchases, redeems or buys back shares of its Class A common stock, and prior to certain meetings of Charter s stockholders, Liberty Broadband will be obligated to sell to Charter, and Charter will be obligated to purchase, such number of shares of Class A common stock as is necessary (if any) to reduce Liberty Broadband s percentage equity interest, on a fully diluted basis, to the Equity Cap (such transaction, a Charter Repurchase ). The per share sale price for each share of Charter will be equal to the volume weighted average price paid by 
 II-48 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 and shares of Charter Class A common stock to Charter for billion and billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to maintain our fully diluted ownership percentage at . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband sold shares of Charter Class A common stock to Charter for million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Liberty Broadband exercised its preemptive right to purchase an aggregate of approximately thousand shares of Charter s Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were dilution losses of million, million, and million, respectively, in the Company s investment in Charter. The dilution losses were primarily attributable to stock option exercises by employees and other third parties, partially offset by a gain on dilution related to Charter s repurchase of Liberty Broadband s Charter shares during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Customer relationships Franchise fees Trademarks Goodwill Debt ) ) Deferred income tax liability ) ) Property and equipment and customer relationships have weighted average remaining useful lives of approximately and , respectively, and indefinite lives for franchise fees, trademarks and goodwill. The excess basis of outstanding debt is amortized over the contractual period using the straight-line method. The decrease in excess basis for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to amortization, as well as the impact of Charter share issuances during the period. Included in our share of earnings from Charter of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are million, million and million, respectively, of losses, net of taxes, due to the amortization of the excess basis related to assets with identifiable useful lives and debt. 
 II-49 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Current liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term debt Other liabilities Equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue Cost and expenses: Operating costs and expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization) Depreciation and amortization Other operating expenses, net Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net Income (loss) attributable to Charter shareholders 
 II-50 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Acquisition adjustments during measurement period Balance at December 31, 2021 Dispositions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 As presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, cable certificates are the majority of the other significant indefinite lived intangible assets. Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization, net ) ) Other amortizable intangibles ) ) Total ) ) Intangible assets are being amortized generally on an accelerated basis as reflected in amortization expense and in the future amortization table below. Amortization expense for intangible assets with finite useful lives was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 II-51 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2046 Senior notes Senior credit facility Wells Fargo note payable Deferred financing costs ) ) Total debt Debt classified as current ) ) Total long-term debt Margin Loan Facility On November 8, 2022, a bankruptcy remote wholly owned subsidiary of the Company SPV entered into Amendment No. 6 to Margin Loan Agreement (the Sixth Amendment ), which amends SPV s margin loan agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017 (as amended by the Sixth Amendment, the Margin Loan Agreement ), with a group of lenders. The Margin Loan Agreement provides for (x) a term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of billion (the Term Loan Facility and proceeds of such facility, the Term Loans ), (y) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of billion (the Revolving Loan Facility and proceeds of such facility, the Revolving Loans the Revolving Loans, collectively with the Term Loans, the Loans and (z) an uncommitted incremental term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million (collectively, the Margin Loan Facility ). No additional borrowings under the Margin Loan Agreement were made in connection with the Sixth Amendment. SPV s obligations under the Margin Loan Facility are secured by shares of Charter owned by SPV. Effective on October 3, 2022, pursuant to Amendment No. 5 to Margin Loan Agreement, an additional million shares of Charter were voluntarily pledged as collateral, which improved the loan to value ratio. Outstanding borrowings under the Margin Loan Agreement were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, SPV was permitted to borrow an additional million under the Margin Loan Agreement, subject to certain funding conditions, which may be drawn until five business days prior to the maturity date. The maturity date of the loans under the Margin Loan Agreement is May 12, 2024 (except for any additional loans incurred thereunder to the extent SPV and the incremental lenders agree to a later maturity date). Prior to the completion of the Combination, borrowings under the Margin Loan Agreement bore interest at the rate plus a per annum spread of , which increased to a per annum spread of from and after the completion of the Combination until the Fourth Amendment effective date on May 12, 2021, when the per annum spread decreased to . The Margin Loan Agreement also provides for customary LIBOR replacement provisions. The Margin Loan Agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants that restrict the activities of SPV (and, in some cases, the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to shares of Charter owned by the Company and its subsidiaries). The Margin Loan Agreement does not include any financial covenants. The Margin Loan Agreement does contain restrictions related to additional indebtedness and events of default customary for margin loans of this type. 
 II-52 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million shares of Charter common stock with a value of billion were held in collateral accounts related to the Margin Loan Agreement. Exchangeable Senior Debentures On August 27, 2020, the Company closed a private offering of million aggregate original principal amount of its Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 (the Debentures ), including debentures with an aggregate original principal amount of million issued pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchasers. Upon an exchange of Debentures, the Company, at its election, may deliver shares of Charter Class A common stock, the value thereof in cash, or any combination of shares of Charter Class A common stock and cash. Initially, shares of Charter Class A common stock are attributable to each original principal amount of Debentures, representing an initial exchange price of approximately for each share of Charter Class A common stock. A total of shares of Charter Class A common stock are attributable to the Debentures. Interest is payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing December 31, 2020. The Debentures may be redeemed by the Company, in whole or in part, on or after October 5, 2023. Holders of the Debentures also have the right to require the Company to purchase their Debentures on October 5, 2023. The redemption and purchase price will generally equal of the adjusted principal amount of the Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus any final period distribution. As of December 31, 2022, a holder of the Debentures has the ability to exchange their debentures on October 5, 2023 and, accordingly, the Debentures have been classified as current within the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. On November 23, 2020, the Company closed a private offering of million aggregate original principal amount of its Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 (the Debentures ), including debentures with an aggregate original principal amount of million issued pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchasers. Upon an exchange of Debentures, the Company, at its election, may deliver shares of Charter Class A common stock, the value thereof in cash, or any combination of shares of Charter Class A common stock and cash. Initially, shares of Charter Class A common stock are attributable to each original principal amount of Debentures, representing an initial exchange price of approximately for each share of Charter Class A common stock. A total of shares of Charter Class A common stock are attributable to the Debentures. Interest is payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing March 31, 2021. The Debentures may be redeemed by the Company, in whole or in part, on or after October 5, 2023. Holders of the Debentures also have the right to require the Company to purchase their debentures on October 5, 2023. The redemption and purchase price will generally equal of the adjusted principal amount of the Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus any final period distribution. As of December 31, 2022, a holder of the Debentures has the ability to exchange their debentures on October 5, 2023 and, accordingly, the Debentures have been classified as current within the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the closing of the Combination on December 18, 2020, the Company assumed all of GCI Liberty s outstanding exchangeable senior debentures due 2046 (the Debentures with an original outstanding principal amount of million at fair value. The total fair value of the acquired Debentures was approximately million. The Debentures were initially issued on June 18, 2018 by GCI Liberty. Upon an exchange of Debentures, the Company, at its option, may deliver Charter Class A common stock, cash or a combination of Charter Class A common stock and cash. Initially, shares of Charter Class A common stock are attributable to each principal amount of Debentures, representing an initial exchange price of approximately for each share of Charter Class A common stock. A total of shares of Charter Class A common stock are attributable to the Debentures. Interest is payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year. The Debentures may be redeemed by the Company, in whole or in part, on or after October 5, 2023. Holders of the Debentures also have the right to require the Company to purchase their debentures on October 5, 2023. The redemption and purchase price will generally equal of the adjusted 
 II-53 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest. As of December 31, 2022, a holder of the Debentures has the ability to exchange their debentures on October 5, 2023 and accordingly, the Debentures have been classified as current within the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The Company elected to account for all exchangeable senior debentures at fair value in its consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See note 5 for information related to unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value. The Company reviews the terms of all the debentures on a quarterly basis to determine whether an event has occurred to require current classification on the consolidated balance sheets. Senior Notes In connection with the closing of the Combination on December 18, 2020, GCI, LLC became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. GCI, LLC is the issuer of million senior notes due 2028 (the Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes were issued by GCI, LLC on October 7, 2020 and are unsecured. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The Senior Notes are redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price defined in the indenture, and accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the date of redemption. The Senior Notes are stated net of an aggregate unamortized premium of million at December 31, 2022. Such premium is being amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Senior Credit Facility In connection with the closing of the Combination on December 18, 2020, GCI, LLC became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. GCI, LLC is the borrower under the Senior Credit Facility (as defined below). On October 15, 2021, GCI, LLC entered into an Eighth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Senior Credit Facility ), which includes a million revolving credit facility, with a million sublimit for standby letters of credit, that matures on October 15, 2026 and a million Term Loan A (the Term Loan A that matures on October 15, 2027. Additionally, the million Term Loan B (the Term Loan B which existed prior to the amendment, was repaid in full using the proceeds from the Term Loan A together with million in borrowings under the revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility that are alternate base rate loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the plus a margin that varies between and depending on GCI, LLC s total leverage ratio. The revolving credit facility borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility that are loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the applicable plus a margin that varies between and depending on GCI, LLC s total leverage ratio. Term Loan A borrowings that are alternate base rate loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the alternate base rate plus a margin that varies between and depending on GCI, LLC s total leverage ratio. Term Loan A borrowings that are loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the applicable plus a margin that varies between and depending on GCI, LLC s total leverage ratio. Principal payments are due quarterly on the Term Loan A equal to of the original principal amount, which may step up to of the original principal amount of the Term Loan A depending on GCI, LLC s secured leverage ratio. Each loan may be prepaid at any time and from time to time without penalty other than customary breakage costs. Any amounts prepaid on the revolving credit facility may be reborrowed. The Senior Credit Facility also provides for customary LIBOR replacement provisions. Prior to the amendment, the borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility bore interest at either the alternate base rate or LIBOR (based on an interest period selected by GCI, LLC of one month, two months, three months or six months) at the election of GCI, LLC in each case plus a margin. The revolving credit facility borrowings that were alternate base rate loans bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the plus a margin that varied between and depending on GCI, LLC s total leverage ratio. The revolving credit facility borrowings that were loans bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the applicable plus a margin that varied between and depending on GCI, LLC s total leverage ratio. Term Loan B borrowings that were alternate base rate loans bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the plus a margin of 
 II-54 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 . Term Loan B borrowings that were loans bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the applicable plus a margin of with a floor of . GCI, LLC s First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) may not exceed to 1.00. The terms of the Senior Credit Facility include customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default. At any time after the occurrence of an event of default under the Senior Credit Facility, the lenders may, among other options, declare any amounts outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility immediately due and payable and terminate any commitment to make further loans under the Senior Credit Facility. The obligations under the Senior Credit Facility are secured by a security interest on substantially all of the assets of GCI, LLC and the subsidiary guarantors, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, and on the stock of GCI Holdings. As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding under the Term Loan A, million outstanding under the revolving portion of the Senior Credit Facility and million in letters of credit under the Senior Credit Facility, leaving million available for borrowing. Wells Fargo Note Payable In connection with the closing of the Combination on December 18, 2020, the Company assumed GCI Holdings outstanding million under its Wells Fargo Note Payable (as defined below). Outstanding borrowings on the Wells Fargo Note Payable were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. GCI Holdings issued a note to Wells Fargo that matures on July 15, 2029 and is payable in monthly installments of principal and interest (the Wells Fargo Note Payable ). The interest rate is variable at one month plus . The note also provides for customary LIBOR replacement provisions. The note is subject to similar affirmative and negative covenants as the Senior Credit Facility. The obligations under the note are secured by a security interest and lien on the building purchased with the note. Debt Covenants GCI, LLC is subject to covenants and restrictions under its Senior Notes and Senior Credit Facility. The Company and GCI, LLC are in compliance with all debt maintenance covenants as of December 31, 2022. Five Year Maturities 2024 2025 2026 2027 Fair Value of Debt The fair value of the Senior Notes was million at December 31, 2022 (Level 1). 
 II-55 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 up to . Certain of the Company s leases may include an option to the term of the lease with such options to extend ranging from up to . The Company also has the option to certain of its leases early with such options to terminate ranging from as early as up to from December 31, 2022. The components of lease cost during the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 and 2020 were as follows: Finance lease cost Depreciation of leased assets Total finance lease cost 

(1) Included within operating lease costs were short-term lease costs and variable lease costs, which were not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 II-56 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 The remaining weighted-average lease term and the weighted-average discount rate were as follows: Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: Current operating lease liabilities (2) Operating lease liabilities (3) Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases: Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Current obligations under finance leases (4) Obligations under finance leases Total finance lease liabilities 

(1) Operating lease ROU assets, net are included within the Other assets, net line item in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. (2) Current operating lease liabilities are included within the Other current liabilities line item in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. (3) Operating lease liabilities are included within the Other liabilities line item in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. (4) Current obligations under finance leases are included within the Other current liabilities line item in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 II-57 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Financing cash outflows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Future lease payments under finance leases, operating leases and tower obligations with initial terms of one year or more at December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total payments Less: imputed interest Total liabilities ) State and local ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) 
 II-58 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 as a result of the following: ) ) State and local taxes, net of federal income taxes ) ) ) Nontaxable equity contribution ) Change in valuation allowance ) Sale of consolidated subsidiary Change in tax rate - other Executive compensation ) ) ) Litigation settlement ) Other ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the significant reconciling items, as noted in the table above, are primarily due to the nontaxable decrease in the fair value of the indemnification obligation owed to Qurate Retail and tax benefits from the sale of stock of a subsidiary. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the significant reconciling items, as noted in the table above, are primarily due to a non-deductible litigation settlement and non-deductible executive compensation, partially offset by tax benefits from a change in effective tax rate used to measure deferred taxes on certain Charter shares. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the significant reconciling item, as noted in the table above, is primarily the result of a change in the effective state tax rate used to measure deferred taxes due to the Combination. 
 II-59 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Accrued stock-based compensation Deferred revenue Debt Operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Other future deductible amounts Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Investments ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Debt ) Operating lease ROU assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) The Company s valuation allowance decreased million in 2022, of which million affected tax expense and million affected equity. At December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband had deferred tax assets of million for federal and state net operating losses, interest expense carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Of the million, million are carryforwards with no expiration. The remaining carryforwards expire at certain future dates. These carryforwards are expected to be utilized prior to expiration, except for million which based on current projections, may expire unused and accordingly are subject to a valuation allowance. The carryforwards that are expected to be utilized begin to expire in 2028. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not recorded tax reserves related to unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband s federal tax years prior to 2019 are closed. However, because Liberty Broadband generated a net operating loss NOL in 2016, 2017, and 2018, utilization of the NOLs in future years is still subject to adjustment. The IRS has completed its examination of Liberty Broadband s 2019 tax year, however, 2019 remains open until the statute of limitations lapses on October 15, 2023. Liberty Broadband s 2020 and 2021 tax years are not under IRS examination. Liberty Broadband s 2022 tax year is being examined currently as part of the IRS s Compliance Assurance Process CAP program. Because Liberty Broadband s ownership of Charter is less than the required 80 , Charter is not consolidated with Liberty Broadband for federal income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022, all GCI tax years prior to 2019 are closed. However, because GCI generated NOLs in tax years prior to 2019, utilization of the NOLs in future years are subject to adjustment. GCI Liberty s 2019, and 2020 tax years are not currently under IRS examination, but remain open until the statute of limitations expires on October 15, 2023 and October 15, 2024, respectively. Prior to the March 9, 2018 GCI Liberty split-off from Qurate Retail, certain GCI Liberty businesses were part of the Qurate Retail, Inc. consolidated federal tax group. Qurate Retail s tax years prior to 2019 are closed for federal income tax purposes. Various states are currently examining Qurate s prior years state income tax returns. 
 II-60 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 shares of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock authorized and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022. An additional shares of preferred stock of the Company are authorized and are undesignated as to series. The Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock is accounted for as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheets because it is mandatorily redeemable. As a result, all dividends paid on the Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock are recorded as interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock has one -third of a vote per share. The liquidation price is measured per share and shall mean the sum of (i) , plus (ii) an amount equal to all unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) accrued with respect to such share have been added to and then remain part of the liquidation price as of such date. The fair value of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock of million was recorded at the time of the Combination. The fair value of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 was million (Level 1). The holders of shares of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Liberty Broadband board of directors, out of legally available funds, preferential dividends that accrue and cumulate as provided in the certificate of designations for the Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock. Dividends on each share of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock accrue on a daily basis at a rate of per annum of the liquidation price. Accrued dividends are payable quarterly on each dividend payment date, which is January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15 of each year, commencing January 15, 2021. If Liberty Broadband fails to pay cash dividends on the Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock in full for any consecutive or non-consecutive dividend periods then the dividend rate shall increase by per annum of the liquidation price until cured. On December 13, 2022, the Company announced that its board of directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend of approximately per share of Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock which was paid on January 17, 2023 to shareholders of record of the Liberty Broadband Preferred Stock at the close of business on December 31, 2022. Common Stock Liberty Broadband s Series A common stock has vote per share, Liberty Broadband s Series B common stock has votes per share and Liberty Broadband s Series C common stock has votes per share (except as otherwise required by applicable law). Each share of the Series B common stock is exchangeable at the option of the holder for share of Series A common stock. All series of our common stock participate on an equal basis with respect to dividends and distributions. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband reserved million shares of Series B and Series C common stock for issuance under exercise privileges of outstanding stock Awards. 
 II-61 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million shares of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million under the authorized repurchase program. There were repurchases of Series A or Series B common stock during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of Liberty Broadband Series A and Series C common stock for aggregate cash consideration of billion. There were repurchases of Series B common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of Liberty Broadband Series A and Series C common stock for aggregate cash consideration of billion. There were repurchases of Series B common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. All of the foregoing shares obtained have been retired and returned to the status of authorized and available for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately billion available to be used for share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program. Exchange Agreement with Chairman On June 13, 2022, Liberty Broadband entered into an Exchange Agreement with its Chairman of the board of directors, John C. Malone, and a revocable trust of which Mr. Malone is the sole trustee and beneficiary (the JM Trust (the Exchange Agreement ), whereby, among other things, Mr. Malone agreed to an arrangement under which his aggregate voting power in the Company would not exceed (the Target Voting Power plus (under certain circumstances). The Exchange Agreement provides for exchanges by the Company and Mr. Malone or the JM Trust of shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock for shares of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock in connection with certain events, including (i) any event that would result in a reduction in the outstanding votes that may be cast by holders of the Company s voting securities or an increase of Mr. Malone s beneficially-owned voting power in the Company (an Accretive Event ), in each case, such that Mr. Malone s voting power in the Company would exceed the Target Voting Power plus ; or (ii) from and after the occurrence of any Accretive Event, in connection with any event that would result in an increase in the outstanding votes that may be cast by holders of the Company s voting securities or a decrease of Mr. Malone s beneficially-owned voting power in the Company (a Dilutive Event ), in each case, such that Mr. Malone s voting power in the Company falls below the Target Voting Power less . Additionally, the Exchange Agreement contains certain provisions with respect to fundamental events at the Company, meaning any combination, consolidation, merger, exchange offer, split-off, spin-off, rights offering or dividend, in each case, as a result of which holders of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock are entitled to receive securities of the Company, securities of another person, property or cash, or a combination thereof. In connection with an Accretive Event, Mr. Malone or the JM Trust will be required to exchange with the Company shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock (as exchanged, the Exchanged Series B Shares for an equal number of shares of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock (as exchanged, the Exchanged Series C Shares so as to maintain Mr. Malone s voting power as close as possible to, without exceeding, the Target Voting Power, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement. In connection with a Dilutive Event, Mr. Malone and the JM Trust may exchange the Exchanged Series C Shares with the Company for an equal number of shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock equal to the lesser of (i) the number of shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock which would maintain Mr. Malone s voting power as close as possible to, without exceeding, the Target Voting Power and (ii) the number of Exchanged Series B Shares at such time, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement. 
 II-62 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock for the same number of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock on June 13, 2022, and exchanged shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock for the same number of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock on July 19, 2022. Additionally, subsequent to December 31, 2022, the JM Trust exchanged shares of Liberty Broadband Series B common stock for the same number of Liberty Broadband Series C common stock on January 23, 2023. million, million and million of stock-based compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Liberty Broadband - Incentive Plans Liberty Broadband grants, to certain of its directors, employees and employees of its subsidiaries, restricted stock units RSUs and stock options to purchase shares of its common stock (collectively, Awards ). The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an equity classified Award (such as stock options and restricted stock) based on the grant-date fair value GDFV of the Award, and recognizes that cost over the period during which the employee is required to provide service (usually the vesting period of the Award). The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for a liability classified Award based on the current fair value of the Award, and re-measures the fair value of the Award at each reporting date. Pursuant to the Liberty Broadband 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended, the Company may grant Awards to be made in respect of a maximum of million shares of Liberty Broadband common stock. In addition, and in connection with the Combination at the close of business on December 18, 2020 (the Effective Date ), the number of shares of common stock of GCI Liberty that remained available for issuance immediately prior to the Effective Date of the Combination under the GCI Liberty, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan GCI Liberty 2018 Plan ), as amended, were converted to million shares of Liberty Broadband common stock and are available for use provided that: i. the period during which such shares are available for Awards is not extended beyond the period during which they would have been available under the GCI Liberty 2018 Plan, absent the Combination, and ii. such Awards are not granted to individuals who were employed by the Company or its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Date. 
 Awards generally vest over - and have a term of - . Liberty Broadband issues new shares upon exercise of equity awards. Liberty Broadband Grants During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Liberty Broadband granted thousand, thousand and thousand options, respectively, to purchase shares of Series C Liberty Broadband common stock LBRDK to our CEO. Such options had a weighted average GDFV of , and per share, respectively, at the time they were granted and vested or will vest, as applicable, on December 30, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, except that the 2020 grants included upfront option grant related to the CEO s employment agreement that vests on December 31, 2024. See discussion in note 1 regarding the compensation agreement with the Company s CEO. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Liberty Broadband granted thousand time-based RSUs of LBRDK to our CEO. The RSUs had a GDFV of per share and cliff vested on December 10, 2020. This RSU grant was issued in lieu of our CEO receiving of his remaining base salary for the last quarters of calendar year 2020, and he waived his right to receive the other , in each case, in light of the ongoing financial impact of COVID-19. 
 II-63 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 thousand, thousand and thousand options, respectively, to purchase shares of LBRDK. Such options had a weighted average GDFV of , and per share, respectively, and vest between t wo and . During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Liberty Broadband granted thousand, thousand and thousand options, respectively, to purchase shares of LBRDK to its non-employee directors with a weighted average GDFV of , and per share, respectively, which mainly cliff vest over a vesting period. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Liberty Broadband granted thousand, thousand and thousand time-based and performance-based RSUs, respectively, of LBRDK to its employees, employees of subsidiaries and non-employee directors. The RSUs had a weighted average GDFV of , and per share, respectively. The time-based RSUs generally vest between one and for employees and employees of subsidiaries and in for directors. The performance-based RSUs cliff vest from the month of grant, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives. Performance objectives, which are subjective, are considered in determining the timing and amount of the compensation expense recognized. When the satisfaction of the performance objectives becomes probable, the Company records compensation expense. The probability of satisfying the performance objectives is assessed at the end of each reporting period. There were options to purchase shares of Series A Liberty Broadband common stock LBRDA or Series B Liberty Broadband common stock LBRDB granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company has calculated the GDFV for all of its equity classified awards and any subsequent re-measurement of its liability classified awards using the Black-Scholes Model. The Company estimates the expected term of the Awards based on historical exercise and forfeiture data. For grants made in 2022, 2021 and 2020, the range of expected terms was to years. The volatility used in the calculation for Awards is based on the historical volatility of Liberty Broadband common stock. For grants made in 2022, 2021 and 2020, the range of volatilities was to . The Company uses a dividend rate and the risk-free rate for Treasury Bonds with a term similar to that of the subject option. In connection with the Combination, on the Effective Date: 
 i. Each outstanding stock option to purchase shares of Series A GCI Liberty common stock GLIBA or Series B GCI Liberty common stock GLIBB and, together with GLIBA, GLIBA/B was converted to of a corresponding stock option to purchase LBRDK or LBRDB (together, LBRDK/B ), respectively, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Additionally, the exercise price of the GLIBA/B stock option was divided by , with the resulting LBRDK/B exercise price rounded up to the nearest cent. Except as described above, all other terms and restrictions of the LBRDK/B stock options are the same as the corresponding original GLIBA/B stock options. ii. Each outstanding GLIBA RSU was converted to of a corresponding LBRDK RSU, rounded down to the nearest whole LBRDK RSU. No cash was paid in lieu of fractional LBRDK RSUs. All terms of the LBRDK RSUs are subject to the same terms and restrictions as those applicable to the corresponding original GLIBA RSUs. iii. Each outstanding GLIBA share of restricted stock RSA was converted to of a corresponding LBRDK RSA, rounded down to the nearest whole LBRDK RSA. Cash was issued in lieu of fractional LBRDK RSAs. All terms of the LBRDK RSAs are subject to the same terms and restrictions as those applicable to the corresponding original GLIBA RSAs. iv. Each outstanding GCI Liberty Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock GLIBP RSA was converted into one Liberty Broadband Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock LBRDP RSA. All terms of the LBRDP RSAs are subject to the same terms and restrictions as those applicable to the corresponding original GLIBP RSAs. 
 
 II-64 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding LBRDA options to purchase shares of LBRDA common stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our CEO exercised thousand and thousand LBRDB options at an exercise price of per share for each exercise. Immediately following these exercises, the resulting LBRDB shares were exchanged for the same number of LBRDK shares pursuant to the terms of a stipulation and order where Mr. Maffei agreed to exchange LBRDB shares for LBRDK shares following the exercise of certain stock options. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband had thousand LBRDB options outstanding and exercisable at a WAEP of , a weighted average remaining contractual life of years and aggregate intrinsic value of . As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Liberty Broadband Awards was approximately million. Such amount will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband reserved approximately million shares of Series B and Series C common stock for issuance under exercise privileges of outstanding stock options. Liberty Broadband Exercises The aggregate intrinsic value of all options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Liberty Broadband Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units The aggregate fair value of all LBRDA, LBRDK and LBRDP RSAs and RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately thousand unvested RSAs and RSUs of LBRDA and LBRDK held by certain directors, officers and employees of the Company with a weighted average GDFV of per share. 
 II-65 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. million to Charter as a result of the tentative settlement, which has been accrued as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet and recorded as a litigation settlement expense within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations. There can be no assurance that this tentative settlement will be finalized and approved by the court. Pending finalization of the settlement and in the event the settlement is not finalized and approved by the court, Charter and Liberty Broadband will continue to vigorously defend this lawsuit. General Litigation The Company has contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Although it is reasonably possible the Company may incur losses upon conclusion of such matters, an estimate of any loss or range of loss cannot be made. In the opinion of management, it is expected that amounts, if any, which may be required to satisfy such contingencies will not be material in relation to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Hollywood Firefighters Pension Fund, et al. v. GCI Liberty, Inc., et al. On October 9, 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed by purported GCI Liberty stockholders in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware under the caption Hollywood Firefighters Pension Fund, et al. v. GCI Liberty, Inc., et al. , Case No. 2020-0880. A new version of the complaint was filed on October 11, 2020. The complaint named as defendants GCI Liberty, as well as the members of the GCI Liberty board of directors. The complaint alleged, among other things, that Mr. Gregory B. Maffei, a director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Broadband and, prior to the Combination, GCI Liberty, and Mr. John C. Malone, the Chairman of the board of directors of Liberty Broadband and, prior to the Combination, GCI Liberty, in their purported capacities as controlling stockholders and directors of GCI Liberty, and the other directors of GCI Liberty, breached their fiduciary duties by approving the Combination. The complaint also alleged that various prior and current relationships among members of the GCI Liberty special committee, Mr. Malone and Mr. Maffei rendered the members of the GCI Liberty special committee not independent. The complaint sought certification of a class action, declarations that Messrs. Maffei and Malone and the other directors of GCI Liberty breached their fiduciary duties and the recovery of damages and other relief. 
 II-66 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million to be paid by Merger LLC (as successor by merger to GCI, Liberty, Inc.) and/or insurers for the defendants and for GCI Liberty, which was recorded as a litigation settlement expense within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations. During the second half of the year, the Company made a payment of million in accordance with the settlement agreement. On June 17, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement, Compromise, and Release. On June 30, 2021, the Court preliminarily certified, solely for purposes of effectuating the proposed settlement, the action as a non-opt out class action on behalf of a settlement class consisting of all holders of GCI Liberty Series A common stock as of December 18, 2020. The Court set a settlement hearing for October 5, 2021, to determine whether to permanently certify the class, whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate to the settlement class, and whether to enter a judgment dismissing the action with prejudice, among other things. On October 18, 2021, subsequent to that hearing, the Court issued a final order permanently certifying the Class and approving the settlement. The Court also awarded Plaintiffs Counsel million in attorneys fees, which shall be paid out of the settlement fund. Plaintiffs also requested that the Court issue an additional fee award, which Defendant opposed, not to be paid out of the settlement fund, in connection with a certain claim that was mooted earlier in the case (a mootness fee ). On November 8, 2021, the Court awarded Plaintiffs Counsel a million mootness fee, which Defendant subsequently paid and recorded as a litigation settlement expense within operating income in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, during the third quarter of 2021, the Company agreed to final settlement amounts with all of its insurance carriers for insurance recoveries of approximately million, which is recorded net of the litigation settlement expense on the consolidated statement of operations. Rural Health Care RHC Program GCI Holdings receives support from various USF programs including the RHC Program. The USF programs are subject to change by regulatory actions taken by the FCC, interpretations of or compliance with USF program rules, or legislative actions. Changes to any of the USF programs that GCI Holdings participates in could result in a material decrease in revenue and accounts receivable, which could have an adverse effect on GCI Holdings business and the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The following paragraphs describe certain separate matters related to the RHC Program that impact or could impact the revenue earned and receivables recognized by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net accounts receivable from the RHC Program in the amount of approximately million, which is included within Trade and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. FCC Rate Reduction. In November 2017, the Universal Service Administrative Company requested further information in support of the rural rates charged to a number of GCI Holdings RHC customers in connection with the funding requests for the year that runs July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2018. On October 10, 2018, GCI Holdings received a letter from the FCC s Wireline Competition Bureau Bureau notifying it of the Bureau s decision to reduce the rural rates charged to RHC customers for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 by approximately resulting in a reduction of total support payments of million. The FCC also informed GCI Holdings that the same cost methodology used for the funding year that ended on June 30, 2018 would be applied to rates charged to RHC customers in subsequent funding years. In response to the Bureau s letter, GCI Holdings filed an Application for Review with the FCC. 
 II-67 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million in accounts receivable relating to these two funding years during the year ended December 31, 2021. GCI Holdings also filed an Application for Review of these determinations. Subsequently, GCI identified rates for similar services provided by a competitor that would justify higher rates for certain GCI satellite services in the funding years that ended on June 30, 2018, June 30, 2019, and June 30, 2020. GCI submitted that information to the Bureau on September 7, 2021. The Applications for Review remain pending. On June 25, 2020, GCI Holdings submitted cost studies with respect to a number of its rates for services provided to its RHC customers for the funding year ended June 30, 2021, which require approval by the Bureau. GCI Holdings further updated those studies on November 12, 2020, to reflect the completion of the bidding season for that funding year. On May 24, 2021, the FCC approved the cost studies submitted by GCI Holdings for the funding year ended June 30, 2021. Subsequently, on August 16, 2021, GCI submitted a request for approval of rates for 17 additional sites, 13 of which the FCC approved on December 22, 2022. The rest remain pending. RHC Program Funding Cap. The RHC program has a funding cap for each individual funding year that is annually adjusted for inflation, and which the FCC can increase by carrying forward unused funds from prior funding years. In recent years, including the current year, this funding cap has not limited the amount of funding received by participants; however, management continues to monitor the funding cap and its potential impact on funding in future years. Enforcement Bureau and Related Inquiries. On March 23, 2018, GCI Holdings received a letter of inquiry and request for information from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC relating to the period beginning January 1, 2015 and including all future periods. This includes inquiry into the rates charged by GCI Holdings and other aspects related to the Enforcement Bureau s review of GCI Holdings compliance with program rules, which are discussed separately below. The ongoing uncertainty in program funding, as well as the uncertainty associated with the rate review, could have an adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In the fourth quarter of 2019, GCI Holdings became aware of potential RHC Program compliance issues related to certain of GCI Holdings currently active and expired contracts with certain of its RHC customers. The Company and its external experts performed significant and extensive procedures to determine whether GCI Holdings currently active and expired contracts with its RHC customers would be deemed to be in compliance with the RHC Program rules. GCI Holdings notified the FCC of the potential compliance issues in the fourth quarter of 2019. On May 28, 2020, GCI Holdings received a second letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau in the same matter noted above. This second letter, which was in response to a voluntary disclosure made by GCI Holdings to the FCC, extended the scope of the original inquiry to also include various questions regarding compliance with the records retention requirements related to the (i) original inquiry and (ii) RHC Program. On December 17, 2020, GCI Holdings received a Subpoena Duces Tecum from the FCC s Office of the Inspector General requiring production of documents from January 1, 2009 to the present related to a single RHC customer and related contracts, information regarding GCI Holdings determination of rural rates for a single customer, and to provide information regarding persons with knowledge of pricing practices generally. On April 21, 2021, representatives of the Department of Justice DOJ informed GCI Holdings that a qui tam action has been filed in the Western District of Washington arising from the subject matter under review by the Enforcement Bureau. The DOJ is investigating whether GCI Holdings submitted false claims and/or statements in connection with GCI s participation in the FCC s RHC Program. On July 14, 2021, the DOJ issued a Civil Investigative Demand with regard to the qui tam action. The FCC s Enforcement Bureau and GCI Holdings held discussions regarding GCI Holdings potential RHC Program compliance issues related to certain of its contracts with its RHC customers for which GCI Holdings had previously recognized an estimated liability for a probable loss of approximately million in 2019 for contracts that were deemed probable of not 
 II-68 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 million relating to a settlement offer made by GCI Holdings resulting in a total estimated liability of million. GCI Holdings also identified certain contracts where additional loss was reasonably possible and such loss could range from to million, which is a reduction of the reasonably possible loss range as previously disclosed in our December 31, 2021 Form 10-K given the settlement offer made during 2022. An accrual was not made for the amount of the reasonably possible loss in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. GCI Holdings could also be assessed fines and penalties but such amounts could not be reasonably estimated. The DOJ and GCI Holdings held discussions regarding the qui tam action whereby the DOJ clarified that its investigation relates to the years from 2010 through 2019 and alleged that GCI Holdings had submitted false claims under the RHC Program during this time period. GCI Holdings continues to work with the DOJ related to this matter and has recorded a million estimated settlement expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 to reflect discussions and settlement offers that GCI Holdings made to the DOJ during 2022. However, the Company is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of this action and is unable to reasonably estimate any range of additional possible loss beyond the million estimated settlement liability, including any type of fine or penalty that may ultimately be assessed as permitted under the applicable law. Separately, during the third quarter of 2022, GCI Holdings became aware of possible RHC Program compliance issues relating to potential conflicts of interest identified in the historical competitive bidding process with respect to certain of its contracts with its RHC customers. GCI Holdings notified the FCC s Enforcement Bureau of the potential compliance issues; however, the Company is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of the potential compliance issues and is unable to reasonably estimate any range of loss or possible loss. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Liberty Broadband did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, except for those matters discussed above, that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 II-69 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 of the outstanding shares of Charter, of the Charter amounts are included in the schedule below and subsequently eliminated in order to reconcile the account totals to the Liberty Broadband consolidated financial statements. Charter Corporate and other ) ) ) Eliminate equity method affiliate ) ) ) ) ) ) Consolidated Liberty Broadband ) Charter Corporate and other Eliminate equity method affiliate ) ) ) ) Consolidated Liberty Broadband 
 II-70 

Table of Contents LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 Revenue by Geographic Area Other countries The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to Operating income (loss) and earnings (loss) before income taxes: ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Litigation settlement, net of recoveries ) ) Transaction costs ) Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Share of earnings (loss) of affiliates, net Gain (loss) on dilution of investment in affiliate ) ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) Gain (loss) on dispositions, net Other, net ) ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes 
 II-71 

Table of Contents 
 PART II I The following required information is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders presently scheduled to be held in the second quarter of 2023: Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services We expect to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before May 1, 2023. 
 III-1 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV . Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . (a)(1) Financial Statements Included in Part II of this report: 

Page No. Liberty Broadband Corporation: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: II-23 - 24 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 II-26 Consolidated Statements of Operations, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-28 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (loss), Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-29 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-30 Consolidated Statements of Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-31 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-32 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules (i) All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is set forth in the financial statements or notes thereto. (ii) The audited consolidated financial statements of Charter Communications, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, as well as the accompanying notes thereto and the related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are contained in Charter Communications, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023 and are incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 99.1. (a)(3) Exhibits Listed below are the exhibits which are filed as a part of this Report (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

2 - Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession: 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 6, 2020, by and among GCI Liberty, Inc., Liberty Broadband Corporation, Grizzly Merger Sub 1, LLC, and Grizzly Merger Sub 2, Inc. incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Prospectus filed by Liberty Broadband Corporation on October 30, 2020 with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act (File No. 333-248854) (the Prospectus )). 3 - Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws: 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2014 (File No. 001-36713) ). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2015 (File No. 001-3671)). 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2020 (File No. 001-36713)). 
 IV-1 

Table of Contents 
 4 - Instruments Defining the Rights of Securities Holders, including Indentures: 4.1 Specimen Certificate for shares of Series A Common Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 25, 2014 (File No. 333-197619) (the S-1 )). 4.2 Specimen Certificate for shares of Series B Common Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the S-1). 4.3 Specimen Certificate for shares of Series C Common Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the S-1). 4.4 Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017, among LBC Cheetah 6, LLC, as Borrower, various lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as Calculation Agent and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed on November 1, 2017 (File No. 001-36713)). 4.5 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 filed on November 1, 2018 (File No. 001-36713)). 4.6 Form of Amendment No. 2 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 filed on November 1, 2019 (File No. 001-36713)). 4.7 Form of Amendment No. 3 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 4, 2020 (File No. 001-36713)). 4.8 Form of Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 4 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 6, 2021 (File No. 001-36713)). 4.9 Form of Amendment Agreement to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017, among LBC Cheetah 6, LLC, as Borrower, and the various parties thereto, dated as of September 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 4, 2022 (File No. 001-36713) 4.10 Form of Amendment No. 6 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2022. 4.11 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on February 26, 2021 (File No. 001-36713) (the 2020 Form 10-K )). 4.12 Specimen Certificate for shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Liberty Broadband s Amendment No. 2 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on October 29, 2020 (File No. 333-248854)). 4.13 The Registrant undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of all instruments with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith. 
 IV-2 

Table of Contents 
 10 - Material Contracts: 10.1+ Liberty Broadband Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of March 11, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 22, 2015 (File No. 001-36713)). 10.2+ Liberty Broadband Corporation Transitional Stock Adjustment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 21, 2014 (File No. 333-200436)). 10.3 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2013, by and among Charter Communications, Inc. and Liberty Media Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Liberty Media Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 filed on May 9, 2013 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.4 Amendment to Stockholders Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2014, by and among Charter Communications, Inc., Liberty Media Corporation and Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7(d) to Liberty Media Corporation s Schedule 13D in respect of common stock of Charter Communications, Inc., filed on October 10, 2014 (File No. 005-57191)). 10.5 Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated May 23, 2015, by and among Charter Communications, Inc., CCH I, LLC, Liberty Broadband Corporation, and Advance/Newhouse Partnership (incorporated by reference to Annex C to CCH I, LLC s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 26, 2015 (File No. 333-205240)). 10.6 Letter Agreement to the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated May 18, 2016, by and among Liberty Broadband Corporation, Advance/Newhouse Partnership, CCH I, LLC and Charter Communications, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7(p) to Amendment No. 3 to Liberty Broadband Corporation s Schedule 13D in respect of common stock of Charter Communications, Inc., filed on May 26, 2016 (File No. 005-57191)). 10.7 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreements, dated as of November 6, 2015, by and between Liberty Broadband Corporation and Liberty Media Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on February 12, 2016 (File No. 001-36713) (the 2015 10-K )). 10.8+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of March 11, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the 2015 10-K). 10.9+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of March 11, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the 2015 10-K). 10.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Liberty Broadband Corporation, Advance/Newhouse Partnership and Charter Communications, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Charter Communications, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 10.11+ Amendment, dated March 12, 2018, of certain Liberty Broadband Corporation incentive plans (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 filed on May 2, 2018 (File No. 001-36713)). 10.12 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its executive officers/directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed on May 2, 2019 (File No. 001-36713)). 10.13+ Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on April 18, 2019 (File No. 001-36713)). 
 IV-3 

Table of Contents 
 10.14+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on February 3, 2020 (File No. 001-36713) (the 2019 10-K )) . 10.15+ Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the 2019 10-K). 10.16+ Services Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2014, by and between Liberty Media Corporation and Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 14, 2014 (File No. 001-36713)). 10.17+ Form of First Amendment to Services Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2019, between Liberty Media Corporation and Qurate Retail, Inc., Liberty Broadband Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc. and Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the 2019 10-K). 10.18+ Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 13, 2019, between Liberty Media Corporation and Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Liberty Media Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 19, 2019 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.19+ Form of Annual Option Award Agreement between Liberty Broadband Corporation and Gregory B. Maffei under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019 (Filed No. 001-36713) (the December 2019 8-K )). 10.20+ Form of Annual Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between Liberty Broadband Corporation and Gregory B. Maffei under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the December 2019 8-K). 10.21+ Form of Upfront Award Agreement between Liberty Broadband Corporation and Gregory B. Maffei under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the December 2019 8-K). 10.22 Assumption and Joinder Agreement to Tax Sharing Agreement, made and entered into as of August 6, 2020, by and among Liberty Broadband Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc. and Qurate Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex H to the Prospectus). 10.23 Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2019, by and between GCI Liberty, Inc. and Qurate Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCI Liberty, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2018 (File No. 001-38385) (the March 2018 8-K )). 10.24 Assumption and Joinder Agreement to Indemnification Agreement, made and entered into as of August 6, 2020, by and among Liberty Broadband Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc., Qurate Retail, Inc., Liberty Interactive LLC and LV Bridge, LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex I to the Prospectus). 10.25 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and among GCI Liberty, Inc., Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty Interactive LLC and LV Bridge, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the March 2018 8-K). 10.26 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2020, by and among Liberty Broadband Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc., Grizzly Merger Sub 1, LLC, Qurate Retail, Inc. and Liberty Interactive LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex J to the Prospectus). 10.27 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of April 4, 2017, by and among Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty Interactive LLC and General Communication, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GCI Liberty, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 1, 2017 (File No. 000-15279)). 10.28 Amendment No. 1 to Reorganization Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2017, by and among Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty Interactive LLC, and General Communication, Inc. (incorporated by 
 IV-4 

Table of Contents 
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to GCI Liberty, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed on November 2, 2017 (File No. 000-15279)). 10.29 Amendment No. 2 to Reorganization Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2017, by and among Liberty Interactive Corporation, Liberty Interactive LLC and General Communication, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCI Liberty, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2017 (File No. 000-15279)). 10.30+ GCI Liberty, Inc. Transitional Stock Adjustment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to GCI Liberty, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 15, 2018 (File No. 333-223667)). 10.31+ Amendment, dated November 26, 2018, to the Amended and Restated 1986 Stock Option Plan of GCI Liberty, Inc. (Restated Effective September 26, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to GCI Liberty, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 28, 2019 (File No. 001-38385)). 10.32+ GCI Liberty, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to GCI Liberty s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on May 22, 2018 (File No. 001-38385)). 10.33+ Amendment to The Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.7 to Liberty Broadband Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 22, 2020 (File No. 333-251570)). 10.34+ Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the 2020 Form 10-K). 10.35+ Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the 2020 Form 10-K). 10.36+ Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the 2020 Form 10-K). 10.38+ Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Liberty Broadband Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed on May 7, 2021 (File No. 001-36713)) . 10.39 Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2022, by and among John C. Malone, the John C. Malone 1995 Revocable Trust U/A DTD 3/6/1995 and Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2022 (File No. 001-36713)). 21 Subsidiaries of Liberty Broadband Corporation. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 23.2 Consent of KPMG LLP. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d - 14(a) Certification. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d - 14(a) Certification. 32 Section 1350 Certification. 99.1 Audited consolidated financial statements of Charter Communications, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (incorporated by reference to Charter Communications, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (File No. 001-33664), filed on January 27, 2023). 
 IV-5 

Table of Contents 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded with the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + This document has been identified as a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 IV-6 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIBERTY BROADBAND CORPORATION Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ GREGORY B. MAFFEI Gregory B. Maffei President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 

 Title 

 Date 

/s/John C. Malone 

 Chairman of the Board and Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 John C. Malone 

/s/Gregory B. Maffei 

 Director, Chief Executive Officer 

 February 17, 2023 

 Gregory B. Maffei 

 and President 

/s/Brian J. Wendling 

 Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 February 17, 2023 

 Brian J. Wendling 

/s/J. David Wargo 

 Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 J. David Wargo 

/s/Richard R. Green 

 Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 Richard R. Green 

/s/John E. Welsh III 

 Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 John E. Welsh III 

/s/Sue Ann Hamilton 

 Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 Sue Ann Hamilton 

/s/Gregg L. Engles 

 Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 Gregg L. Engles 

/s/ Julie D. Frist 

 Director 

 February 17, 2023 

 Julie D. Frist 

IV-7 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 lbrda-20221231xex4d10.htm
 EX-4.10

Exhibit 4.10 
 FORM OF AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of November 8, 2022, is entered into by and among LBC CHEETAH 6, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Borrower ), each financial institution party to the Loan Agreement (as defined below) immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement (in their respective capacities as Lenders (as such term is used in the Loan Agreement), each, a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders ), BNP Paribas, New York Branch BNP NY ), as administrative agent (as successor to Wilmington Trust, National Association Wilmington Trust and, as successor to Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent (the Original Administrative Agent and, together with Wilmington Trust, the Preceding Administrative Agents ), together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Administrative Agent ), and BNP Paribas, as calculation agent (as successor to Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as calculation agent (the Original Calculation Agent ), together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Calculation Agent ). RECITALS WHEREAS , Borrower, the lenders party thereto, Administrative Agent (as successor to the Preceding Administrative Agents) and Calculation Agent (as successor to the Original Calculation Agent) entered into that certain Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017 (the Original Loan Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Loan Agreement ). WHEREAS , Borrower, each of the Lenders, Administrative Agent and Calculation Agent will make certain amendments to the Loan Agreement as provided in Section 2.1 of this Agreement (collectively, the Amendments (the Loan Agreement, as so amended by the Amendments and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, being herein referred to as the Amended Loan Agreement ). NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants made hereunder, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. Definitions . Except as expressly provided herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Amended Loan Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments . Immediately upon the occurrence of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (hereinafter defined): 
 2.1 Loan Agreement Amendments . (a) the Loan Agreement (excluding the Schedules and Exhibits thereto) is hereby amended by deleting the bold, stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and adding the bold, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth in the Amended Loan Agreement as attached as Exhibit A hereto; and 
 (b) the Schedules to the Loan Agreement shall be amended by replacing Schedule 10.02 attached thereto with Schedule 10.02 attached to the Amended Loan Agreement.

 1 

SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . The Amendments shall become effective when all the conditions set forth in this Section 3 shall have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and, as applicable, Administrative Agent (the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date ): 
 3.1 Administrative Agent shall have executed this Agreement, in its capacity as Administrative Agent, and shall have received counterparts of this Agreement executed by Borrower, each Lender and the Calculation Agent. 3.2 Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender shall have received a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying that: (i) Each of the representations and warranties made by Borrower set forth in Article V of the Amended Loan Agreement (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 5.20 contained therein) and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality, in which case to that extent it shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent such representations and warranties are already qualified by materiality, in which case to that extent they shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date); and 
 (ii) No Default shall exist as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date. 
 3.3 Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received (x) such documents and certifications as Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably require to evidence that Borrower is duly organized or formed under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of formation and each other jurisdiction where it is conducting business and (y) resolutions or other evidence of organizational action authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Amended Loan Agreement, in each case, and consistent with those delivered on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date in connection with the entering into of Amendment No. 4. 3.4 Borrower shall have paid all reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Lenders and Agents to the extent invoiced two (2) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date; provided that such amount shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between Borrower, such Lenders and Agents; provided , further that, in each case, in the case of legal fees and expenses, such fees and expenses shall be limited to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single counsel to Agents and the Lenders, taken as a whole. SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties of Borrower . By its execution of this Agreement, Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders, Administrative Agent and Calculation Agent that, as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date: 
 4.1 The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of its respective Organization Documents; (b) result in any breach, or default under, any Contractual Obligation to which it is a party or by which it is bound; 
 2 

(c) result in the creation or imposition of any Transfer Restriction or Lien on the Collateral (other than the Permissible Transfer Restrictions) under, or require any payment to be made under, any Contractual Obligation; (d) violate any written corporate policy of any Issuer applicable to Borrower or, to Borrower s knowledge, affecting Borrower; (e) violate any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which Borrower is subject; or (f) violate any Law, except, in the case of clauses (b), (d), (e), and (f) above, where any such breach or violation, either individually or in the aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.2 No Default exists as of the date hereof. SECTION 5. Validity of Obligations and Liens; Reaffirmation . 
 5.1 Validity of Obligations . Borrower hereby ratifies and reaffirms the validity, enforceability and binding nature of the Obligations. 5.2 Validity of Liens and Loan Documents . Borrower hereby ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability (without defense, counterclaim or offset of any kind) of the Liens and security interests granted in the Security Agreement to secure the Obligations and hereby confirms and agrees that notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Agreement, and except as expressly amended by this Agreement, each such Loan Document is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and each is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that, on and after the effectiveness of this Agreement, each reference in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement , thereunder , thereof (and each reference in the Loan Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder or hereof or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Loan Agreement. SECTION 6. Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to this Agreement. The words execute , execution , signed , signature and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 
 SECTION 7. Execution of Agreement . This Agreement shall be executed by Borrower, Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent and each of the Lenders. Execution of this Agreement by any Person constitutes the agreement of such Person to the terms of (and results in such Person being bound by) this Agreement and, upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Amended Loan Agreement. 
 SECTION 8. [Reserved] . 

 3 

SECTION 9. Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 10. Integration . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement is a Loan Document. 
 SECTION 11. No Discharge . This Agreement shall not discharge or release the obligations of any Person party to any Loan Document or discharge or release any security under any Loan Document. Nothing herein contained is intended by the parties to be, or shall be, construed as a substitution or novation of the instruments, documents and agreements securing the Obligations, including but not limited to the Control Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a release or other discharge of Borrower from any of its obligations and liabilities under the Loan Documents, all of which are continued on the terms set forth in the Amended Loan Agreement, the Control Agreement (including as amended by this Agreement) and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 12. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THIS AGREEMENT, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 
 SECTION 13. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS; ETC . 
 13.1 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE, COUNTY AND CITY OF NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 13.2 WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 14.1 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 4 

13.3 SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 OF THE AMENDED LOAN AGREEMENT. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 13.4 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). SECTION 14. Headings . Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 
 SECTION 15. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto (to the extent permitted by Section 10.06 of the Amended Loan Agreement). 
 SECTION 16. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes . 
 16.1 In the event that any Lender that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Lender of the Amended Loan Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under the Amended Loan Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Amended Loan Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 16.2 In the event that any Lender that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Lender becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Amended Loan Agreement that may be exercised against such Lender are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Amended Loan Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 16.3 Definitions . (a) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).
 (b) Covered Entity means any of the following:
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 5 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). (c) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.
 (d) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
 SECTION 17. Authorization and Direction . By its signature below, each of the Lenders hereby authorizes and directs Administrative Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement. 
 [ Signature Pages Follow ] 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. LBC CHEETAH 6, LLC , as Borrower By: LMC Cheetah 1, LLC , as sole member and a manager of LBC CHEETAH 6, LLC By: Liberty Broadband Corporation , as sole member and manager of LMC CHEETAH 1, LLC By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

BNP PARIBAS, NEW YORK BRANCH , as Administrative Agent By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: BNP PARIBAS , as Calculation Agent and a Lender By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK , as a Lender By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

Mizuho Bank, Ltd. , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

JPMoRGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON BRANCH , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH , as a Lender By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

SOCI T G N RALE , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

UBS AG, LONDON BRANCH , as a Lender By: Name: Title: By: Name: Title: 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Cheetah 6 Margin Loan Agreement ] 

EXHIBIT A AMENDED LOAN AGREEMENT See attached. 

MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT Dated as of August 31, 2017, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2018, and as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2019, and as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 3 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2020, and as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 4 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021 and as further amended by that certain Amendment Agreement to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022 and as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 6 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2022 by and among 

LBC CHEETAH 6, LLC , as the Borrower VARIOUS LENDERS , BNP PARIBAS , as the Calculation Agent, and BNP PARIBAS, NEW YORK BRANCH , as the Administrative Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 2 
 1.01. Defined Terms 2 
 1.02. Other Interpretive Provisions 51 
 1.03. Accounting Terms 52 
 1.04. Times of Day 53 
 1.05. Timing of Payment and Performance. 53 
 1.06. Divisions. 53 
 1.07. Rates. 53 
 ARTICLE II THE LOANS 53 
 2.01. The Loans 53 
 2.02. Funding of the Loans 54 
 2.03. Repayment of the Loans 55 
 2.04. Voluntary Prepayments 55 
 2.05. Mandatory Prepayments 56 
 2.06. Interest and Fees 57 
 2.07. Computations 60 
 2.08. Termination of Commitments 60 
 2.09. LTV Maintenance; LTV Notice. 60 
 2.10. Evidence of Debt 69 
 2.11. Payments Generally . 69 
 2.12. Sharing of Payments, Etc. 71 
 2.13. Defaulting Lender 72 
 2.14. Rebalancing 73 
 2.15. Additional Commitments and Loans. 74 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 76 
 3.01. Taxes 76 
 3.02. Illegality 80 
 3.03. Increased Costs; Reserves 81 
 3.04. Compensation for Losses 82 
 3.05. Mitigation Obligations 82 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE LOAN 83 
 4.01. Conditions Precedent to Closing Date and Initial Funding Date 83 
 4.02. Conditions Precedent to all Loans 86 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 87 
 5.01. Existence, Qualification and Power 87 
 5.02. Authorization; No Contravention 87 
 5.03. Binding Effect 87 
 5.04. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 88 
 5.05. Disclosure 88 

 i 

5.06. Litigation 88 
 5.07. No Default 88 
 5.08. Compliance with Laws 88 
 5.09. Taxes 89 
 5.10. Assets; Liens 89 
 5.11. Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 89 
 5.12. Governmental Regulation 89 
 5.13. ERISA and Related Matters 90 
 5.14. Organization Documents 90 
 5.15. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 90 
 5.16. Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 90 
 5.17. Solvency 90 
 5.18. Trading and Other Restrictions 90 
 5.19. USA PATRIOT Act 90 
 5.20. No Material Non-public Information 91 
 5.21. Bulk Sale and Private Sale 91 
 5.22. Status of Shares. 91 
 5.23. Special Purpose Entity/Separateness 91 
 5.24. Reporting Obligations 92 
 5.25. Restricted Transactions 92 
 5.26. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 92 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 92 
 6.01. Financial Statements 92 
 6.02. Certificates; Other Information 92 
 6.03. Notices 93 
 6.04. Preservation of Existence, Etc. 94 
 6.05. Special Purpose Entity/Separateness 94 
 6.06. Payment of Taxes and Claims 94 
 6.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contracts 95 
 6.08. Books and Records 95 
 6.09. Use of Proceeds 95 
 6.10. Purpose Statement 95 
 6.11. Further Assurances 96 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 96 
 7.01. Restricted Transaction 96 
 7.02. Liens 96 
 7.03. Indebtedness 96 
 7.04. Dispositions 96 
 7.05. Investments 97 
 7.06. Amendments or Waivers of Organization Documents 97 
 7.07. Restricted Payments 97 
 7.08. No Impairment of Collateral 97 
 7.09. Fundamental Changes 98 
 7.10. Limitation on Borrower s Activities 98 
 7.11. Status of Shares 98 
 7.12. Investment Company 98 
 7.13. Transactions with Affiliates 99 
 7.14. No Subsidiaries 99 

 ii 

7.15. ERISA and Related Matters 99 
 7.16. Regulation of the Board of Governors 99 
 7.17. Certification of Public Information 99 
 7.18. Name, Form and Location 99 
 7.19. Limitation on Certain Sales 100 
 7.20. Anti-Terrorism Laws 100 
 7.21. Dispositions of Shares by Parent. 100 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 100 
 8.01. Events of Default 100 
 8.02. Remedies upon Event of Default 102 
 8.03. Application of Funds 103 
 8.04. Certain Provisions Related to Applicable Lenders 104 
 ARTICLE IX AGENTS 105 
 9.01. Authorization and Authority 105 
 9.02. Agent Individually 106 
 9.03. Duties of the Agents; Exculpatory Provisions 107 
 9.04. Reliance by Agent 108 
 9.05. Delegation of Duties 109 
 9.06. Resignation of an Agent. 109 
 9.07. Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders 110 
 9.08. Lenders Rights with Respect to Collateral 111 
 9.09. Withholding Taxes 112 
 9.10. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 112 
 9.11. Erroneous Payments 113 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 116 
 10.01. Amendments, Etc. 116 
 10.02. Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 118 
 10.03. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 120 
 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 120 
 10.05. Payments Set Aside 122 
 10.06. Successors and Assigns 122 
 10.07. Confidentiality 125 
 10.08. Right of Setoff 126 
 10.09. Interest Rate Limitation 127 
 10.10. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 127 
 10.11. Survival of Representations and Warranties 127 
 10.12. Severability 127 
 10.13. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 128 
 10.14. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 129 
 10.15. USA PATRIOT Act Notice 129 
 10.16. Bankruptcy Code 129 
 10.17. No Recourse to Affiliates of Borrower 129 
 10.18. Conflicts 129 
 10.19. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 130 
 10.20. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship 130 

 iii 

10.21. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 131 
 
 iv 

SCHEDULES SCHEDULE I TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT SCHEDULE 10.02 TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT EXHIBITS Form of A Collateral Account Control Agreement B Note C Compliance Certificate D Security Agreement E Assignment and Assumption F Issuer Acknowledgment G Solvency Certificate H-1 Borrowing Request H-2 Voluntary Prepayment Notice I-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate I-2 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate I-3 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate I-4 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate J PIK Interest Election Notice K Collateral Reallocation Instruction L Mandatory Prepayment Notice M Collateral Shortfall Notice 
 v 

MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT This MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 (as defined below), as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 (as defined below), as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 3 (as defined below), as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 4 (as defined below), as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 5 (as defined below), as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 6 (as defined below), and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement ), dated as of August 31, 2017, is entered into by and among LBC CHEETAH 6, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the Borrower (the Borrower ), and the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders (each as defined below) from time to time party hereto. RECITALS On the Closing Date, the Borrower requested that the Lenders initially party hereto extend credit in the form of (i) the Initial Loans (unless otherwise noted, used in these recitals as defined in this Agreement as in effect immediately prior to Amendment No. 4) in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Loan Commitments (as defined in this Agreement as in effect immediately prior to Amendment No. 4) and (ii) delayed draw term loans (the Delayed Draw Loans in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the aggregate principal amount of the delayed draw term loan commitments of each applicable Lender. Such Lenders made such Initial Loans on the Closing Date and made certain additional Delayed Draw Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 1). On the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, each Lender party hereto on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date agreed to make certain amendments to the Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 1) in accordance with and pursuant to Amendment No. 1. On the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding was 525,000,000, including 500,000,000 of Initial Loans and 25,000,000 of Delayed Draw Loans. The Borrower further requested that each Lender party hereto on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and each such Lender agreed to (i) make certain amendments to this Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2) in accordance with and as set forth in Amendment No. 2 and (ii) make any additional Delayed Draw Loans requested by the Borrower, subject to and in accordance with this Agreement (after giving effect to Amendment No. 2). On the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding was 525,000,000, including 500,000,000 of Initial Loans and 25,000,000 of Delayed Draw Loans. The Borrower further requested that each Lender party hereto on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and each such Lender agreed to (i) make certain amendments to this Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 3) in accordance with and as set forth in Amendment No. 3, (ii) make any additional Delayed Draw Loans requested by the Borrower, subject to and in accordance with this Agreement (after giving effect to Amendment No. 3) and (iii) subject to and in accordance with this Agreement (after giving effect to Amendment No. 3), make certain Additional Loans to the Borrower (the Kodiak Pay-off Loans to, as more fully described in Amendment No. 3, effectuate the Kodiak Payoff (as defined below). On the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding was 600,000,000, including 500,000,000 of Initial Loans and 100,000,000 of Delayed Draw Loans. On December 18, 2020 and after giving effect to the funding of the 
 1 

Kodiak Pay-off Loans (the Kodiak Pay-off Loan Funding Date ), Additional Loans were made to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of 1,300,000,000. The Borrower further requested that each Lender party hereto on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and each such Lender agreed to make certain amendments to this Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 4) in accordance with and as set forth in Amendment No. 4, including, without limitation (i) to extend the Maturity Date applicable to the Loans and (ii) convert the Initial Loans, Delayed Draw Loans and Additional Loans outstanding hereunder immediately prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date into (x) one tranche of fully drawn Initial Loans (as defined below) and (y) one tranche of Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments (in each case as defined below). On the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (after giving effect to Amendment No. 4), the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding was 2,000,000,000, including 1,150,000,000 of Initial Loans (as defined below) and 850,000,000 of Revolving Loans. As of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (prior to giving effect to the Revolving Loan Repayment), the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments was 1,150,000,000, of which 850,000,000 was drawn. The Borrower further requested that each Lender party hereto on the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date and each such Lender agreed to make certain amendments to this Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 5) in accordance with and as set forth in Amendment No. 5, including, without limitation, an amendment of the definition of Minimum Price and certain other amendments related to the definition of Release Share Price, in each case, as more fully set forth in Amendment No. 5. The Borrower has further requested that each Lender party hereto on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, and each such Lender has agreed to, make certain amendments to this Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 6) in accordance with and as set forth in Amendment No. 6, to, among other things, include the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares (as defined below) and/or Additional Restricted CHTR Shares (as defined below) in the Collateral as Pledged Shares with a mechanic for such November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares and/or Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, as applicable, to become Eligible Pledged Shares upon the occurrence of the applicable Crediting Date (as defined below) in each case, subject to the other terms and provisions of this Agreement. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Activities has the meaning specified in Section 9.02(b) . Additional Lender means a Lender with an Additional Loan Commitment, unless and until (a) such Person ceases to be a Lender hereunder as a result of an assignment pursuant to Section 10.06 , (b) all of the Additional Loan Commitments and Additional Loans, if any, held by such Person have been assigned pursuant to Section 10.06 or (c) all of the Additional Loan Commitments, if any, held by any such Person have been terminated and the Obligations relating to such Person s Additional Loans (other than contingent obligations for which no claim 
 2 

has been made), if any, owing to such Person have been paid in full; provided , however , that the obligations of such Person as a Lender that the Loan Documents expressly provide survive the termination of the Commitments held by such Person and the payment in full of the Obligations owing to such Person shall survive such termination and payment. Additional Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make term loans constituting Additional Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth in the applicable Incremental Agreement, and/or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumes an Additional Loan Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time or terminated pursuant to this Agreement and (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.15 or assignments to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.06 . Additional Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . Additional Loans Closing Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . Additional Restricted CHTR Shares means any CHTR Shares (including the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares) (I) that (a) are held in a Collateral Account subject to a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of an Applicable Lender, created under the Collateral Documents, (b) are in book-entry format, (c) are listed for trading on the Designated Exchange and (d) are not subject to Transfer Restrictions, other than the Permissible Transfer Restrictions (it being understood that, with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, the Existing Transfer Restrictions will include any legal restrictions under the federal securities laws of the United States arising solely as a result of such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares being deemed restricted securities (within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3)(i)) due to being purchased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (at least (x) one year prior to the date such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares become Pledged Shares and (y) one year prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date for the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares), with a holding period , within the meaning of Rule 144(d), of Borrower that commenced on such purchase date) in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and (II) that are not Eligible Pledged Shares; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares held in any of the Collateral Accounts on and as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date may become Additional Restricted CHTR Shares if such Pledged Shares are released from the Collateral Accounts pursuant to Section 2.09 and then subsequently re-pledged as Collateral for the Obligations (subject to Section 2.09 and the requirements for Additional Restricted CHTR Shares set forth in the definition thereof). Administrative Agent means (a) from the Closing Date until the Original Assignment Effective Time, Bank of America, N.A., (b) as of the Original Assignment Effective Time until the Assignment Effective Time, Wilmington Trust, National Association and (c) as of the Assignment Effective Time and thereafter, BNP Paribas, New York Branch and its successors and permitted assigns. Advance/Newhouse Proxy means the Proxy and Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Parent, Advance/Newhouse Partnership, Charter and CCH I, LLC, as amended by the Side Letter, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 3 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Affiliated Persons mean, with respect to any specified natural Person, (a) such specified Person s parents, spouse, siblings, descendants, step children, step grandchildren, nieces and nephews and their respective spouses, (b) the estate, legatees and devisees of such specified Person and each of the Persons referred to in clause (a) and (c) any company, partnership, trust or other entity or investment vehicle Controlled by any of the Persons referred to in clause (a) or (b) or the holdings of which are for the primary benefit of any of such Persons. Agent means each of the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent. Agent Account means such account of the Administrative Agent as is designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders for such purpose. Agent Fee Letter means that certain letter agreement, dated the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(e) . Agented Lender means any Lender who has taken a Loan hereunder by assignment, but has not yet entered into joinders to the Security Agreement and the Collateral Account Control Agreement with respect to its Ratable Share of the Collateral securing the Obligations. Any reference in the Loan Documents to an Applicable Lender with respect to an Agented Lender shall be to the Applicable Lender who assigned a Loan to such Agented Lender, and vice versa. Agent s Group has the meaning specified in Section 9.02(b) . Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and each Agent. Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means August 24, 2018. Amendment No. 2 means that certain Amendment No. 2 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and each Agent. Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means August 19, 2019. Amendment No. 3 means that certain Amendment No. 3 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of the 
 4 

Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and each Agent. Amendment No. 3 Effective Date means August 12, 2020. Amendment No. 4 means that certain Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 4 to Collateral Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the Custodian and each Agent. Amendment No. 4 Effective Date means May 12, 2021. Amendment No. 5 means that certain Amendment Agreement to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022 , by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and each Agent. Amendment No. 5 Effective Date means October 3, 2022. Amendment No. 6 means that certain Amendment No. 6 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and each Agent. Amendment No. 6 Effective Date means November 8, 2022. Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. Anti-Terrorism Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.19 . Applicable Collateral shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Security Agreement. Applicable Lender means any Lender that has, or purports to have, control (other than a Lender that is an Agented Lender solely as it relates to that portion of the Collateral for which such Lender is an Agented Lender) over any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Account Control Agreement (it being understood that the termination of the Collateral Account Control Agreement (or the termination of the Collateral Account Control Agreement with respect to such Lender s Ratable Share of the Collateral) without the written consent of the relevant Applicable Lender shall not result in such Lender ceasing to be an Applicable Lender). Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Loans outstanding under this Agreement (or, in the event an applicable Loan is not outstanding (but without duplication) and to the extent applicable (i) in the case of Section 2.06(d) , such Lender s aggregate principal amount of such Lender s undrawn Commitments outstanding under this Agreement on the date of determination, (ii) in the case of Section 2.05(d) , the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans outstanding under this Agreement on the date of determination, or (iii) in the case of Section 2.11(c) , following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, such Lender s aggregate principal amount of 
 5 

Initial Loan Commitments, Revolving Commitments and/or Additional Loan Commitments, as applicable, outstanding under this Agreement on the date of determination) by (b) the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding under this Agreement (or, in the event an applicable Loan is not outstanding (but without duplication) and to the extent applicable (x) in the case of Sections 2.06(d) , the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Lenders undrawn Commitments outstanding under this Agreement on the date of determination, y) in the case of Section 2.05 (d) , the aggregate principal amount of all Lenders Revolving Loans outstanding under this Agreement, or (z) in the case of Section 2.11(c) , following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Loan Commitments, Revolving Commitments and/or Additional Loan Commitments, as applicable, outstanding under this Agreement on the date of determination). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Percentage of any Applicable Lender, when used with respect to any determination related to Collateral or payment or proceeds of Collateral, shall include the Applicable Percentage of each Agented Lender that such Applicable Lender holds Collateral for and the Applicable Percentage for such purpose of any Agented Lender with respect to such Collateral or payment or proceeds shall be zero (and if any Agented Lender has multiple Applicable Lenders, such Applicable Percentage shall be allocated proportionately among the Collateral held by such Applicable Lenders). Approved Fund means any Fund that is, at the time of determination, administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of any Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Assignment and Assumption means an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E . Assignment Effective Time means the Effective Time, as such term is defined in the Agency Assignment Agreement (as defined in Amendment No. 4). Attributable Debt means, on any date, (a) in respect of any obligation of a Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, the amount thereof that would appear as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. Availability Period means the period from and including the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of (a) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date and (b) the date of termination of all of the Revolving Commitments. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 

6 

Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to (a) any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law , regulation, rule or regulation for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule . and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code. Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the Prime Rate and (c) LIBOR plus 1 ; provided that, if the Base Rate as otherwise determined pursuant to this definition shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Base Rate Loan means any Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. Base Spread means [ ] basis points per annum. Benchmark means, initially, USD LIBOR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.06(f) , then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor: (1) For purposes of clause (i) of Section 2.06(f) , the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 
 (a) the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, and 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration, or 
 (b) the sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the spread adjustment selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of the tenor of USD LIBOR with a SOFR-based rate having approximately the same length as the interest payment period specified in clause (i) of Section 2.06(f) ; and 
 
 (2) For purposes of clause (ii) of Section 2.06(f) , the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Available Tenor of such Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; 

7 

provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent , in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides , in consultation with the Borrower, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than USD LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Borrower Financial Statements means a statement of assets and liabilities of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, which shall (a) demonstrate that, after giving effect to the transactions to be consummated on the Closing Date, the Borrower will have no other assets other than Permitted Assets, and (b) contain a list of all Indebtedness, other liabilities and/or commitments of the Borrower that are individually in excess of 100,000 (other than Indebtedness, other liabilities and/or commitments arising under or evidenced by the Loan Documents), a description of the material terms of each item on such list (including the amount of any liability thereunder, whether contingent, direct or otherwise, the due date for each such liability, the total unfunded commitment, if any, and the rate of interest, if any, applicable thereto). 
 8 

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(f) . Borrower Sole Member means LMC Cheetah 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its successor provided that such successor shall be the Parent or a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent), in its capacity as the sole member and a manager of the Borrower. Borrowing means, individually or collectively, as the context may require, an Initial Loan Borrowing, Revolving Loan Borrowing made on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date or a Subsequent Loan Borrowing. Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02 and substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 , or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. Business Day means (i) any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are required or authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed, in New York and (ii) additionally, with respect to all notices, determinations, fundings and payments in connection with the Loans (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any notices or determinations pursuant to Section 2.09 ), any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. Calculation Agent means, from the Closing Date until the Assignment Effective Time, Bank of America, N.A. and, as of the Assignment Effective Time and thereafter, BNP Paribas and its successors and permitted assigns. All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Cash means Dollars in immediately available funds. Cash Equivalents means any of the following (a) readily marketable direct obligations of the government of the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof that are obligations unconditionally guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the government of the United States and have a maturity of not greater than 12 months from the date of issuance thereof or (b) insured certificates of deposit issued by, or time or demand deposits with the Custodian (so long as the Custodian is a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Custodian or its parent issues commercial paper rated at least P-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S P, and the long-term, unsecured debt of the Custodian is rated P-3 or better by Moody s and A-3 or better by S P), having a remaining maturity of not longer than one year. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or 
 9 

foreign regulatory authorities, in each case, pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Change of Control means (i) with respect to the Borrower, any event or transaction, or series of related events or transactions, as a result of which the Parent, directly or indirectly, is the beneficial owner of less than 100 of the Borrower s Equity Interests and (ii) with respect to the Parent, (x) any event or transaction, or series of related events or transactions, as a result of which a person or group (other than a Permitted Holder) becomes the beneficial owner of sufficient shares of the Parent to entitle such person or group to exercise more than 30 of the total voting power of all such shares entitled to vote generally at elections of directors of the Parent (all within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) and (y) the Permitted Holders do not beneficially own shares of the Parent having a percentage of the voting power of all shares entitled to vote generally at elections of directors of the Parent in excess of such voting power held by such person or group . Charter means Charter Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Charter Issuer means Charter. Cheetah 4 CA Margin Loan Documents means that certain Margin Loan Agreement among, inter alia , LMC Cheetah 4, LLC, as borrower, Liberty Broadband, as guarantor, the various lenders party thereto and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrative agent and as calculation agent, dated as of October 30, 2014, together with each other Loan Document, as such term is defined thereunder. Cheetah 4 Margin Loan Documents means, collectively, the Cheetah 4 CA Margin Loan Documents and the Cheetah 4 SG Margin Loan Documents. Cheetah 4 SG Margin Loan Documents means that certain Margin Loan Agreement among, inter alia , LMC Cheetah 4, LLC, as borrower, Liberty Broadband, as guarantor, the various lenders party thereto and Soci t G n rale, as administrative agent and as calculation agent, dated as of October 30, 2014, together with each other Loan Document, as such term is defined thereunder. Cheetah 5 CA Margin Loan Documents means that certain Margin Loan Agreement among, inter alia , LMC Cheetah 5, LLC, as borrower, Liberty Broadband, as guarantor, the various lenders party thereto and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrative agent and as calculation agent, dated as of March 21, 2016, together with each other Loan Document, as such term is defined thereunder. Cheetah 5 Margin Loan Documents means, collectively, the Cheetah 5 CA Margin Loan Documents and the Cheetah 5 SG Margin Loan Documents. Cheetah 5 SG Margin Loan Documents means that certain Margin Loan Agreement among, inter alia , LMC Cheetah 5, LLC, as borrower, Liberty Broadband, as guarantor, the various lenders party thereto and Soci t G n rale, as administrative agent and calculation agent, dated as of March 21, 2016, together with each other Loan Document, as such term is defined thereunder. 
 10 

Cheetah Payoff means (a) the repayment in full of all outstanding Loans and other Obligations (each such term under and as defined in each of the Cheetah 4 Margin Loan Documents and the Cheetah 5 Margin Loan Documents) under the Cheetah 4 Margin Loan Documents and the Cheetah 5 Margin Loan Documents, in each case, other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made, and termination of all Commitments (under and as defined in each of the Cheetah 4 Margin Loan Documents or the Cheetah 5 Margin Loan Documents) or arrangements for such repayment and termination reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent shall have been made, (b) all Liens and guarantees in respect of such obligations shall have been terminated or released (or arrangements for such termination or release reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent shall have been made), and Administrative Agent shall have received (or will, on the date of the Cheetah Payoff, receive) evidence thereof reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, and (c) Administrative Agent shall have received customary pay-off letters reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent with respect to such obligations and such UCC termination statements, collateral account control agreement terminations and other documents as Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such obligations and the Cheetah 4 Margin Loan Documents and the Cheetah 5 Margin Loan Documents, in each case, other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made (or arrangements for such termination or release reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent shall have been made). CHTR Shares means the Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Charter Issuer; provided that following the occurrence of an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event with respect to the Charter Issuer, the shares of common stock issued by the resulting Delaware corporation shall be deemed to be the CHTR Shares (except for purposes of the definition of Issuer 251(g) Merger Event ). Closing Date means August 31, 2017. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Collateral has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. Collateral Account has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. Collateral Account Control Agreement means a Collateral Account Control Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit A , by and among the Borrower, the Applicable Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Custodian (as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time and including any successor or replacement agreement). Collateral Documents means the Security Agreement, the Collateral Account Control Agreement and any additional pledge or security agreements required to be delivered or authorized by the Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents and any other instruments of assignment or other instruments, documents or agreements delivered or authorized by the Borrower pursuant to the foregoing as security for the Obligations. Collateral Reallocation Instruction means an instruction provided by the Calculation Agent to the Custodian in connection with any rebalancing or reallocation of Collateral contemplated in Section 2.14 and substantially in the form of Exhibit K , or such other form as shall be approved by the Calculation Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. 
 11 

Collateral Requirement means on any date the requirement that: (a) the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and each Applicable Lender shall have received counterparts of the Security Agreement duly executed and delivered by the Borrower; 
 (b) all documents and instruments, including UCC financing statements, required by Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent or any Applicable Lender to be filed, registered or recorded to create the Liens intended to be created by the Collateral Documents and perfect or record such Liens to the extent, and with the priority, required by the Security Agreement, shall have been filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Applicable Lender, as applicable, for filing, registration or recording; 
 (c) the Borrower shall have obtained all consents and approvals required to be obtained by it in connection with the execution and delivery of all Collateral Documents to which it is a party, the performance of its obligations thereunder and the granting of the Liens granted by it thereunder; 
 (d) the Borrower shall have taken all other action required to be taken by the Borrower under the Collateral Documents to perfect, register and/or record the Liens granted by it thereunder; and 
 (e) the Borrower shall be in compliance with Section 3 of the Security Agreement. 
 Collateral Shortfall has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . Collateral Shortfall Notice means a notice delivered in accordance with Section 2.09(a) and substantially in the form of Exhibit M . Collateral Shortfall Notice Day has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a)(i) . Collateral Value means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the sum of : 
 
 (i) with respect to any Shares (other than Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares) constituting Eligible Pledged Shares, the product of the applicable Market Reference Price of such Shares for such date and the number of such Shares constituting Eligible Pledged Shares (if any); plus 
 (ii) with respect to any Merger Shares constituting Eligible Pledged Shares, the product of the applicable Market Reference Price of such Merger Shares for such date, the applicable Valuation Percentage and the number of Merger Shares constituting Eligible Pledged Shares (if any); plus 

 12 

(iii) with respect to any Spin-Off Shares constituting Eligible Pledged Shares, the product of the applicable Market Reference Price of such Spin-Off Shares for such date, the applicable Valuation Percentage and the number of Spin-Off Shares constituting Eligible Pledged Shares (if any); minus 
 (b) the amount of any withholding Tax that, in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent, would be imposed on a prospective sale of Collateral on behalf of the Borrower upon exercise by a Secured Party of any remedies available to it under the Loan Documents as a result of a Change in Law or change of jurisdiction of any Issuer provided that commercially reasonable steps were taken to designate another lending office in order to avoid or mitigate such imposition). Commitment means, as to each Lender, following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the aggregate amount of such Lender s Initial Loan Commitment, Revolving Commitment and/or Additional Loan Commitment, as applicable. Commitment Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(d) . Communication has the meaning specified in Section 7.17 . Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Constrictive Amendment means an amendment to an Issuer s certificate of incorporation or other organizational documents that includes Transfer Restrictions (whether such Transfer Restrictions would become effective upon the effectiveness of such an amendment or upon the occurrence of some other event or condition) that the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable discretion would be more restrictive in respect of any Applicable Lender s ability to foreclose on the Pledged Shares and/or subsequently sell such Pledged Shares and/or otherwise exercise its rights with respect to the Pledged Shares under the Collateral Documents than the then applicable Permissible Transfer Restrictions. Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management, investments or policies (including investment policies) of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Control Share Month means, with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares that satisfy the requirements for the Eligible Pledged Shares set forth in the definition of Eligible Pledged Shares (other than in respect of clause (e) of such definition) and that are otherwise eligible to be subject to a Share Exchange, each of the first [ ] commencing on the date that is the [ ] anniversary of the date on which such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares become Pledged Shares. 
 13 

Control Share End Date means, with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Share, the date that is [ ] from the date such Additional Restricted CHTR Share became a Pledged Share. Controlling Shareholder means, as of any date of determination, and without duplication, (a) the Borrower, (b) the Parent, (c) John C. Malone or Gregory B. Maffei, (d) any Affiliate of the Borrower, the Parent or John C. Malone or Gregory B. Maffei, that (i) is or may reasonably be considered to be a member of a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) or Section 13(g)(3) of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder) that includes the Borrower or any Affiliate that Controls the Borrower or the Parent or (ii) files a joint Schedule 13D or 13G under the Exchange Act with the Borrower or the Parent or any Affiliate that Controls the Borrower or the Parent or (e) any other Person (including any Affiliate of the Borrower, the Parent, John C. Malone or Gregory B. Maffei to the extent not included in clause (d) above but excluding a Person that holds securities and other investment property as a custodian for others (but for the avoidance of doubt, any Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, held by any such custodian for a Controlling Shareholder shall be included for purposes of this clause (e))) that beneficially owns within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 or 16a-1(a)(2) of the Exchange Act more than ten percent (10.0 of the total number of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, issued and outstanding as determined by (i) any publicly available information issued by the applicable Issuer or (ii) any publicly available filings with, or order, decree, notice or other release or publication of, any Governmental Authority. Corporate Transaction Event means any Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event, Issuer Tender to Merger Event or Spin-Off Event (but solely to the extent that the consummation of such Spin-Off Event requires the release of Shares). Crediting Date means, with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares that satisfy the requirements for the Eligible Pledged Shares set forth in the definition of Eligible Pledged Shares , the date designated by the Borrower that such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares shall be deemed Eligible Pledged Shares , which designation shall be made pursuant to a written notice delivered by the Borrower to the Calculation Agent by 1:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to such designated date (such notice, a Designation Notice provided , however, that (x) in the case of a Designation Notice that is delivered in order to post additional Collateral for purposes of Section 2.09(a) or (c) and transfers made in connection with Dispositions under Sections 7.04 , the Crediting Date shall occur on the date the Designation Notice is delivered, and (y) the Crediting Date set forth in a Designation Notice with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Share may not be the date that is on or prior to the date that is six (6) months from the most recent date that such Additional Restricted CHTR Share became a Pledged Share. Custodian shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Security Agreement. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided , that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, 
 14 

receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.13(d) , any Lender or Agent that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or has made a public statement to that effect, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.13(d) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each Lender promptly following such determination. Delayed Draw Loans has the meaning specified in the Recitals. Designated Exchange means any of The New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, or any successor to any of the foregoing. Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanctions. Designation Notice has the meaning specified in the definition of Crediting Date Disclosures has the meaning specified in Section 5.05 . 
 15 

Disposition and Dispose means (a) the sale, transfer, license, lease, dividend, distribution or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith or any Equity Interests held by such Person and (b) with respect to any Indebtedness owed to a Person by another Person, forgiveness of any such Indebtedness by the Person to whom such Indebtedness is owed. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the following shall constitute a Disposition : (i) any pledge of Shares in connection with any transaction permitted by this Agreement and (ii) any Restricted Transaction. Disqualified Person has the meaning specified in the definition of Independent Manager . Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. DTC means The Depository Trust Company or any of its successors. Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Day of the applicable Exchange prior to its scheduled closing time for such day unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from USD LIBOR and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 16 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Eligible Assignee means any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender, an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender) that is (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of any Lender, (c) an Approved Fund or (d) a commercial bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund or other entity that extends credit or makes loans in the ordinary course of its activities, and, in each case, that makes the Purchaser Representations; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include a Permitted Holder, the Parent, the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member, any Issuer or any Affiliate of the Parent, the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member or any Issuer. Eligible Cash Collateral means Cash and Cash Equivalents held in a Collateral Account subject to a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of an Applicable Lender, created under the Collateral Documents. Eligible Pledged Shares means the Pledged Shares (a) held in a Collateral Account subject to a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of an Applicable Lender, created under the Collateral Documents, (b) which are in book-entry format, (c) which are listed for trading on a Designated Exchange, (d) which are not subject to Transfer Restrictions (other than the Permissible Transfer Restrictions) and (e) the aggregate number of which does not exceed the Maximum Share Number for such Shares at any time; provided , that any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares that are Pledged Shares shall only constitute Eligible Pledged Shares from and after the relevant Crediting Date (subject to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares satisfying the requirements for Eligible Pledged Shares set forth in this definition at each relevant time). I n the event the Lien and security interest of an Applicable Lender in any Pledged Share shall be terminated and/or otherwise released, then such Pledged Share shall cease to constitute an Eligible Pledged Share immediately upon such termination and release unless and until such later date as such Share constitutes an Eligible Pledged Share in accordance with this Agreement . Equity Interests means with respect to any Person (including the Borrower), all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code 
 17 

(and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). Erroneous Payment has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(a) . Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(d) . Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(d) . Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(d) . Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(d) . EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the events described in Section 8.01 . Exchange means the Designated Exchange on which the applicable Shares are then listed. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Exchange Day means any day an applicable Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session (it being understood and agreed that any day on which an applicable Exchange is open for trading but is scheduled to close early in connection with a current or pending holiday shall constitute a regular trading session). Exchange Disruption means any event (other than a scheduled early closure of an applicable Exchange on any Exchange Day) that materially disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, any Shares on such Shares applicable Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loans or Commitments (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.05 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except, in each case, 
 18 

to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(g) , and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares has the meaning specified in the definition of Pledged Shares. Existing Transfer Restrictions means Transfer Restrictions under or arising in connection with (a) any lien routinely imposed on all securities by the Exchange, (b) the federal securities laws of the United States to the extent that Borrower (or, if applicable, a Lender or the Administrative Agent) is deemed or determined to be an affiliate (within the meaning of Rule 144) of any Issuer; provided that solely with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares and the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares, the Existing Transfer Restrictions will also include any legal restrictions under the federal securities laws of the United States arising solely as a result of such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares or November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares being deemed restricted securities (within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3)(i)))) due to being purchased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (at least (x) one year prior to the date such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares become Pledged Shares and (y) one year prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date for such November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares), with a holding period , within the meaning of Rule 144(d), of Borrower that commenced on such purchase date) in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof or due to being dividends or distributions on such securities or dividends or distributions thereon, (c) the Stockholders Agreement (as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date except for such amendments that do not adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect) and (d) the Advance/Newhouse Proxy (as of the Closing Date except for such amendments that do not adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect). For the avoidance of doubt, other than with respect to the Additional Restricted CHTR Shares and the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares and any dividends or distributions on such securities or dividends or distributions thereon, the Existing Transfer Restrictions will not include any restrictions as a result of constituting restricted securities (within the meaning of Rule 144) in the hands of Borrower or any of its Affiliates. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantially comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future Treasury Regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. FCA has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(f)(i) . FCPA has the meaning specified in Section 5.19 . Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on 
 19 

such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is published on such next succeeding Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1 of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three (3) federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. Fee Letter means that certain letter agreement, dated the Closing Date, between the Borrower and the Original Administrative Agent. First Priority means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is the only Lien to which such Collateral is subject other than Permitted Liens. Floating Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR plus the Base Spread (or, if the Loans have been converted to Base Rate Loans pursuant to clause (i) of Section 3.02 , for so long as such Loans bear interest by reference to the Base Rate, the Base Rate applicable to each day during such period plus the Base Spread less 1 ). Floating Rate Loan means any Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Floating Rate. Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to USD LIBOR. Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. Form G-3 means the Statement of Purpose for an Extension of Credit Secured by Margin Stock by a Person Subject to Registration Under Regulation U FR G-3 form published by the FRB. Form U-1 means the Statement of Purpose for an Extension of Credit Secured by Margin Stock FR U-1 form published by the FRB. FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Free Float means, as of any date of determination, the quotient, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing (a) the total number of Free Shares issued and outstanding by (b) the total number of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, issued and outstanding as determined by the applicable Issuer s most recent filings with the SEC. Free Shares means, as of any date of determination, and without duplication, a number of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, equal to (i) the total number of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, then issued and outstanding as determined by the applicable Issuer s most recent filings with the SEC minus (ii) the total number of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, beneficially owned within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 or 16a-1(a)(2) of the Exchange Act by Controlling Shareholders as determined by the applicable Issuer s or such Controlling Shareholder s most recent filings with the SEC, to the extent such information is reported in such filings. For purposes of clause (ii), with respect to a 
 20 

Long Position of a Controlling Shareholder, the total number of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, underlying such Long Position shall be used. Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means, with respect to any Person, the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) having jurisdiction or authority over such Person. Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, directly or indirectly, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include any endorsement of an instrument for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or such other obligation to obtain any such Lien). The amount of the Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. IBA has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(f)(i) . Impacted Interest Period has the meaning specified in the definition of LIBOR . Incremental Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(d) . 
 21 

Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments; 
 (c) net payment obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, not past due for more than thirty (30) days after the date on which such trade account payable was created); 
 (e) indebtedness secured by a Lien on property owned or purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
 (f) all obligations to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, and Synthetic Lease Obligations to which such Person is a party or it or its assets are subject ; 
 (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of Indebtedness of any other Person. 
 For all purposes hereof the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of Indebtedness under clause (f) as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Debt in respect thereof as of such date. For the avoidance of doubt, any obligation to pay (x) reasonable fees and expenses related to the ownership, administration, management and Disposition of Permitted Assets and/or Permitted Liabilities (including reasonable Independent Manager fees), in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business or required pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, and (y) any other accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not to exceed 200,000 shall not, in the case of either clause (x) or clause (y), constitute Indebtedness. 
 22 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Documents and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . Independent Manager means an individual who has prior experience as an independent director, independent manager or independent member with at least three (3) years of employment experience (who may be provided by CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Corporation (only, at such time that the Administrative Agent is not Wilmington Trust Corporation or an Affiliate thereof), Lord Securities Corporation or another nationally recognized company that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower, the Parent, any Permitted Holder or any Issuer and that provides independent managers and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business) and which individual: (a) is duly appointed as an independent manager pursuant to Section 18-101(10) of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act entitled to all the rights and privileges of such a manager on all Independent Manager Matters and is not, and has never been, and will not while serving as Independent Manager be, any of the following (other than in his or her capacity as an Independent Manager of the Borrower): (i) a Related Party of the Borrower, any Permitted Holder or any Issuer, (ii) a Permitted Holder, or (iii) a creditor of the Borrower or a supplier (including a provider of professional services to the Borrower) to the Borrower (any of the foregoing, a Disqualified Person 
 (b) to the fullest extent permitted by Law, including Section 18-1101(c) of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, shall consider only the interests of the Borrower, including its respective creditors (and not the Borrower s Affiliates), in acting or otherwise voting on Independent Manager Matters; 
 (c) is under no fiduciary duty to any Disqualified Person; and 
 (d) has been disclosed to the Lenders (together with a brief description of such Person s prior professional activities and other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request) prior to the effectiveness of such Person s appointment. 
 Independent Manager Matters means any act (a) instituting or consenting to the institution of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law, (b) making a general assignment for the benefit of creditors with respect to the Borrower or (c) applying for or consenting to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, ad hoc manager or similar officer for the Borrower or for all or any material part of the Borrower s property. Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . Initial Loan means, on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, a term Loan made by a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. The aggregate principal amount of Initial Loans outstanding on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, after giving effect to Amendment No. 4, is 1,150,000,000. 
 23 

Initial Loan Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Initial Loans on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. Initial Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Initial Loans hereunder on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date up to the amount set forth on Schedule I in the column titled New Initial Loans or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Initial Loan Commitment, as applicable, in each case, as the same may be (i) reduced from time to time or terminated pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) increased from time to time pursuant to assignments to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.06 . The aggregate amount of the Initial Loan Commitments on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, immediately prior to the funding of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.01(a) , is 1,150,000,000. Initial Loan Lender means each Lender holding an Initial Loan or an Initial Loan Commitment, unless and until (a) such Person ceases to be a Lender hereunder as a result of an assignment pursuant to Section 10.06 , (b) all of the Initial Loan Commitments and Initial Loans, if any, held by such Person have been assigned pursuant to Section 10.06 or (c) all of the Initial Loan Commitments, if any, held by any such Person have been terminated and the Obligations relating to such Person s Initial Loans (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made), if any, owing to such Person have been paid in full; provided , however , that the obligations of such Person as a Lender that the Loan Documents expressly provide survive the termination of the Commitments held by such Person and the payment in full of the Obligations owing to such Person shall survive such termination and payment. Initial LTV Level means [ ] . Interest Payment Date means (a) the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and December (commencing with the first such date to occur after the Amendment No. 4. Effective Date) and (b) the Maturity Date. Interest Period means (a) in the case of the initial Interest Period for the Initial Loan Borrowings, the period commencing on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, (b) in the case of the initial Interest Period for the Revolving Loans outstanding as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the period commencing on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, (c) in the case of the initial Interest Period for any Subsequent Loan Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Subsequent Loan Borrowing and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and (d) in the case of any subsequent Interest Period, the period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; provided that if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; provided , however , that if any Interest Period would otherwise extend beyond the Maturity Date, such Interest Period shall end on the Maturity Date. Other than with respect to any Stub Period, all determinations hereunder of LIBOR shall be determined based on an Interest Period of three (3) months, and, at the end of each Interest Period, subject to Section 3.02 , all outstanding Loans shall be continued as a Borrowing with an Interest Period of three (3) months. 
 24 

Investment means, as to any Person, (a) the purchase or other acquisition by such Person of Equity Interests or securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution by such Person to, Guarantee by such Person or assumption of Indebtedness by such Person of, or purchase or other acquisition by such Person of any Indebtedness or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) by such Person of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or substantially all of the assets of such Person. Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. Issuer means, collectively, (i) the Charter Issuer, (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer Merger Event, Newco (if applicable), and (iii) following the occurrence of a Spin-Off Event, Spinco for so long as any Shares of Spinco are Eligible Pledged Shares, and each of the foregoing being an Issuer provided that following the occurrence of an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, the resulting Delaware corporation shall be deemed to be an Issuer (except for purposes of the definition of Issuer 251(g) Merger Event ). Issuer 251(g) Merger Event means a merger of an Issuer pursuant to which such Issuer becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company; provided that such merger satisfies each of the following conditions: (a) Persons that beneficially owned (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) the voting stock of such Issuer immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) shares of voting stock representing 100 of the total voting power of all outstanding classes of voting stock of such holding company and such Persons proportional voting power immediately after such transaction, vis- -vis each other, with respect to the securities they receive in such transaction will be in substantially the same proportions as their respective voting power, vis- -vis each other, immediately prior to such transaction and (b) such transaction meets each of the requirements for a merger without a shareholder vote pursuant to Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. For purposes of this definition, voting stock means capital stock of any class or kind the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of the applicable issuer, even if the right to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency. Issuer Acknowledgment means the notification and acknowledgment from Charter substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto, pursuant to which, among other provisions, Charter provides certain acknowledgments to the Lenders in respect of the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereunder. Issuer Acquisition means, for any Issuer, the occurrence, effectiveness or consummation of any transaction or event pursuant to which such Issuer directly or indirectly becomes a beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) of (i) any Equity Interests in the Borrower or (ii) more than 5.0 of the Equity Interests issued by any of the following Persons: (x) the Parent or (y) the Borrower Sole Member. 
 25 

Issuer Delisting means, for any Issuer, the public announcement that the Shares of such Issuer are no longer listed or admitted for trading on the applicable Exchange, for any reason (other than as a result of an Issuer Merger Event or an Issuer Tender Offer) and such Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any other Designated Exchange. Issuer Event means, for any Issuer, the Triggering of (a) an Issuer Delisting or (b) an Issuer Trading Suspension. Issuer Merger Event means, for any Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, any (a) reclassification or change of the relevant Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 100 of the outstanding Shares of such Issuer (without regard to any actions needed) to another Person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of such Issuer with or into another Person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 100 of the outstanding Shares of such Issuer), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any Person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 of the outstanding Shares of such Issuer that results in such Person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 100 of the outstanding Shares of such Issuer or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of such Issuer with or into another entity in which such Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 100 of the outstanding Shares of such Issuer but results in the enterprise value of such Issuer being less than 100 of the enterprise value of the Person or Persons being acquired (prior to such acquisition), in each case determined by the Calculation Agent as of the date of the consummation of any such transaction; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event will not constitute an Issuer Merger Event. Issuer Tender Offer means, for any Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the respective Issuer) that results in such Person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, directly or indirectly, (i) greater than 50 and less than 100 of the outstanding shares of any class of Equity Interests of such Issuer to the extent any shares of such class constitute Pledged Shares or (ii) a majority of the voting power of all Equity Interests entitled to vote generally in an election of directors of such Issuer as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if, based upon the making of public filings, an Issuer Tender Offer is in connection with a proposed Issuer Merger Event such that promptly following the final expiration (and, in any event, within three (3) Business Days following such final expiration) of such Issuer Tender Offer (and, in any event, prior to the latest Maturity Date in effect) an Issuer Merger Event is likely to occur, as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent , (ii) if the Borrower tenders Pledged Shares within the 24 hour period prior to the expiration date of such Issuer Tender Offer and (iii) if the expiration date of such Issuer Tender Offer is extended following any tender of Pledged Shares by the Borrower pursuant to clause (ii) and withdrawal rights are available to shareholders generally, then the Borrower agrees to withdraw all Pledged Shares tendered pursuant to clause (ii) and, if following such withdrawal, Borrower re-tenders such Shares within the 24 hour period prior to the expiration date, as extended, of such Issuer Tender Offer clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), an Issuer Tender to Merger Event ), then such Issuer Tender Offer shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event (but, for the avoidance of doubt, the related Issuer Merger Event may still occur upon its effectiveness), unless the Calculation Agent later 
 26 

determines that an Issuer Merger Event is not likely to occur promptly following the final expiration of such Issuer Tender Offer, in which case such Issuer Tender Offer shall be deemed to have occurred on the Business Day following such determination unless such Issuer Tender Offer fails and the parties terminate the agreement that would have resulted in the Issuer Merger Event, in which case such Issuer Tender Offer shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event . Issuer Tender to Merger Event has the meaning specified in the definition of Issuer Tender Offer . Issuer Trading Suspension means, for any Issuer, any suspension of trading of the Shares of such Issuer by the applicable Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or otherwise) for more than seven (7) consecutive Scheduled Trading Days. Kodiak Margin Loan Agreement means that certain Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, by and among Broadband Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, as administrative agent and as calculation agent (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). The Kodiak Margin Loan Agreement was terminated on the Kodiak Pay-off Loan Funding Date. Kodiak Pay-off Loan Funding Date has the meaning specified in the Recitals. Kodiak Pay-off Loans has the meaning specified in the Recitals. Kodiak Payoff means (i) the satisfaction in full of all Obligations (under and as defined in the Kodiak Margin Loan Agreement) under the Loan Documents under and as defined in the Kodiak Margin Loan Agreement (other than in respect of (x) contingent obligations for which no claim has been made and (y) any Prepayment Amount (under and as defined in the Kodiak Margin Loan Agreement) that may be due by Broadband Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which has been waived by each Lender thereunder), in the case of the principal amount of loans, on a cashless roll basis with the proceeds of the incurrence of the Kodiak Pay-off Loans by the Borrower, and in the case of accrued interest, fees and other non-principal amounts, by repayment in cash) and (ii) the termination of all Commitments (under and as defined in the Kodiak Margin Loan Agreement). The Kodiak Payoff occurred on the Kodiak Pay-off Loan Funding Date. Laws means, with respect to any Person, collectively, all international, foreign, U.S. federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof applicable to such Person, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations, requirements and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. Lender means (a) each Initial Loan Lender, (b) each Revolving Lender, (c) each Additional Lender and (d) any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 10.06 unless and until (i) such Person ceases to be a Lender hereunder as a result of an assignment pursuant to Section 10.06 or (ii) the Commitments, if any, held by any such Person have been terminated and the Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim 
 27 

has been made), if any, owing to such Person have been paid in full; provided , however , that the obligations of such Person as a Lender that the Loan Documents expressly provide survive the termination of the Commitments held by such Person and the payment in full of the Obligations owing to such Person shall survive such termination and payment. Lender Appointment Period has the meaning specified in Section 9.06 . Liberty Broadband means Liberty Broadband Corporation, a Delaware corporation. Liberty Media means Liberty Media Corporation, a Delaware corporation. LIBOR means, with respect to any Interest Period or other period determined by the Administrative Agent with respect to any overdue amount, the per annum rate as determined by the Administrative Agent with such Interest Period (or other period) equal to the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period (or other period) as displayed on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Bloomberg screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Bloomberg page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; in each case, the Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or other period); provided that if the Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (or other period) (an Impacted Interest Period then LIBOR means the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Screen Rate for the longest period for which the Screen Rate is available that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period; and (b) the Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that Screen Rate is available) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if LIBOR as otherwise determined pursuant to this definition shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever. Loan means, individually or collectively, as the context may require, following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the Initial Loans, the Revolving Loans and the Additional Loans. Loan Document means any of this Agreement, the Notes, if any, the Agent Fee Letter (prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date), the Collateral Documents, the Issuer Acknowledgment, Amendment No. 1, Amendment No. 2, Amendment No. 3, Amendment No. 4, Amendment No. 5, Amendment No. 6, any Incremental Agreement and all other documents, instruments or agreements executed and delivered by the Borrower for the benefit of any Agent or any Lender in connection herewith on or after the Closing Date. 
 28 

Lock-Up has the meaning specified in the definition of Permissible Transfer Restrictions . Long Position means any option, warrant, convertible security, swap agreement or other security, contract right or derivative position, whether or not presently exercisable, in respect of the Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, that is (i) a call equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(b) of the Exchange Act, including any of the foregoing that would have been a call equivalent position but for the exclusion in Rule 16a-1(c)(6) of the Exchange Act, or (ii) otherwise constitutes an economic long position in respect of the Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the applicable Issuer s or the relevant Person s most recent filings with the SEC, to the extent such information is reported in such filings; provided that options, warrants and securities granted by the applicable Issuer (or, as to Spin-Off Shares, Spinco) which relate to securities that are not yet issued or outstanding shall not be deemed a Long Position , until such securities are actually issued and become outstanding. LTV Event Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(c) . LTV Margin Call Level means [ ] . LTV Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing (a)(i) the sum of (x) the then outstanding principal amount of the Loans (including any PIK Interest that has been added to the principal amount of the Loans), plus (y) all accrued and unpaid interest (including any PIK Interest that has been accrued and not yet added to the principal amount of the Loans) and fees thereon to and including such date, minus (ii) the face amount of Eligible Cash Collateral consisting of Cash and 99 of the fair market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the amount of Eligible Cash Collateral consisting of Cash Equivalents on deposit in the Collateral Accounts by (b) the Collateral Value. LTV Reset Level means [ ] . Mandatory Prepayment Event means the occurrence of (a) a Change of Control or (b) an Issuer Event. Mandatory Prepayment Notice means a notice delivered in accordance with Section 2.05 and substantially in the form of Exhibit L . Market Disruption Event means a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure, in each case, related to the relevant Shares. Market Reference Price means, as of any date of determination, the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the last bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last bid and the average last ask prices) of the relevant Shares on the applicable Exchange as reported in composite transactions for the applicable Exchange on (x) such date of determination, if such date of determination is an Exchange Day and the relevant determination is made following the close of trading on the Exchange on such Exchange Day and (y) otherwise, the immediately preceding day (or if such date is not an Exchange Day for such Exchange, the immediately preceding Exchange Day for such Exchange); provided that if a Market Disruption Event has occurred on such date, the Market Reference Price shall be the Market Reference Price determined on the immediately preceding Exchange Day for such Exchange; provided , further , that if a Market 
 29 

Disruption Event has occurred and continues to occur for more than three consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, the Market Reference Price of one such Share shall be equal to the applicable Market Reference Price (determined without giving effect to this proviso) on the immediately preceding day (or if such date is not an Exchange Day for such Exchange, the immediately preceding Exchange Day for such Exchange) multiplied by a percentage (expressed as a fraction) equal to (A) 100 less (B) the product of (i) 5 and (ii) the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days for which a Market Disruption Event has occurred less one, until a Market Reference Price is determined for an Exchange Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs. The Market Reference Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract . Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Borrower or the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any Loan Document; or (c) a material adverse effect on the ability of any Applicable Lender to exercise its remedies at the times and in the manner contemplated by the Collateral Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the imposition of Transfer Restrictions on the Pledged Shares other than the Permissible Transfer Restrictions). Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party (other than the Loan Documents) for which breach thereof could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Maturity Date means (i) with respect to all Initial Loans and Revolving Loans, May 12, 2024 (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) and (ii) with respect to any Additional Loans, the Maturity Date set forth in the relevant Incremental Agreement with respect to such Additional Loans; provided that such Maturity Date shall not be earlier than the Maturity Date for any then-outstanding Loans at the time such Additional Loans are incurred. Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . Maximum Share Number means up to [ ] CHTR Shares; provided that, in the event of a Share Price Event, Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Maximum Share Number and provide for a Maximum Share Number applicable to such Shares after the occurrence of a Share Price Event with respect to such Shares, the relevant Merger Shares or the relevant Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, as it deems reasonably necessary pursuant to Section 1.02(d) ; provided , further , that there shall be no double-counting of Eligible Pledged Shares subject to a Designation Notice (but with respect to which the Crediting Date has not yet occurred) and the corresponding number of Pledged Shares subject to an outstanding release request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.09(e) in connection with a Share Exchange. Merger Shares means shares of common stock into which the relevant Shares are reclassified, converted into or exchanged in connection with an Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event, as applicable, and are (or will be upon the consummation of such Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event, as applicable) listed for trading on a Designated Exchange and issued by an entity incorporated or organized under the law of the United States or any state thereof. 
 30 

Minimum Price means (a) prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, [ ] and (b) on and after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, [ provided that, in the event that any Share or Shares are released from the Liens under the Collateral Documents (other than in connection with a Corporate Transaction Event and/or a Permitted Share Release Event), the Minimum Price shall be [ provided , further , that, in the event of an Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Minimum Price and provide for a Minimum Price applicable to the Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, as it deems reasonably necessary pursuant to Section 1.02(d) . Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Newco means, in connection with an Issuer Merger Event, the issuer of the Merger Shares. Non-public Information means information which has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally, within the meaning of Regulation FD. Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing the Loans held by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit B . Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to the Loans, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest (whether in the form of any cash interest or PIK Interest) and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming the Borrower as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Organization Documents means (a) the certificate of formation of the Borrower adopted on July 13, 2017 and (b) its limited liability company operating agreement adopted on July 14, 2017, as amended and restated by that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of LBC Cheetah 6, LLC, by and between the Borrower Sole Member and the Independent Manager, and adopted on August 31, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date). Original Administrative Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Original Assignment Effective Time means Agency Assignment Effective Time under and as defined in Amendment No. 1. Original Calculation Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Original Initial Loan Commitment means the commitment, if any, of each Lender to make Original Initial Loans under this Agreement prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. 
 31 

Original Initial Loans means any term Loan made by a Lender to the Borrower prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.05 ). Parent means Liberty Broadband (and its successors). Parent Company has the meaning specified in Section 6.09(a) . Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . Payment Recipient has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(a) . Permissible Transfer Restrictions means: (a) the Existing Transfer Restrictions; (b) Transfer Restrictions arising from Permitted Liens (other than Liens described in clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Liens (c) Transfer Restrictions arising under the Loan Documents; (d) solely with respect to any Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Spin-Off Event, Issuer Merger Event, Spin-Off Shares or Merger Shares, any additional Transfer Restrictions that the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable sole discretion are (x) analogous to, and no more restrictive than, the Existing Transfer Restrictions or (y) not applicable to the Pledged Shares; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Permissible Transfer Restrictions with respect to any Spin-Off Shares or Merger Shares that are, in each case, Pledged Shares shall not include any additional holding period restrictions under Rule 144 on such Pledged Shares, or upon any resale of such Pledged Shares, or any such Pledged Shares being restricted securities as defined in Rule 144; (e) with respect to any Eligible Pledged Shares or any dividends or distributions thereon, any Transfer Restriction arising from a customary lock up imposed upon the Parent, the Borrower Sole Member or the Borrower in connection with an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, a Spin-Off Event, an Issuer Merger Event, an Issuer Tender Offer, an Issuer Acquisition or any Disposition of Pledged Shares not prohibited by this Agreement (any such customary lock up , a 
 32 

Lock-Up shall constitute a Permissible Transfer Restriction until (x) the consummation or effectiveness of the transaction constituting such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Spin-Off Event, Issuer Merger Event, Issuer Tender Offer, Issuer Acquisition or Disposition or (y) the termination of the documentation relating to such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Spin-Off Event, Issuer Merger Event, Issuer Tender Offer, Issuer Acquisition or Disposition without the consummation thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, such Lock-Up (A) will not be permitted in any way to limit the grant of a Lien on any Pledged Shares or other Collateral or a Lender s ability to exercise its rights and remedies hereunder or under the other Loan Documents with respect to any Pledged Shares or other Collateral or otherwise, and (B) shall not constitute a Permissible Transfer Restriction on and after the consummation or effectiveness of the related Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Spin-Off Event, Issuer Merger Event, Issuer Tender Offer, Issuer Acquisition or Disposition, as applicable; or (f) any other Transfer Restrictions that arise after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (x) for which an adjustment has been or is being made under clause (i) and/or clause (j) of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event or (y) with respect to which the Calculation Agent has determined that no such adjustment is necessary; it being understood and agreed that any such Transfer Restriction shall be deemed to be a Permissible Transfer Restriction both before and after giving effect to any such adjustment or such determination by the Calculation Agent that no such adjustment is necessary; provided that nothing contained in this clause (f) shall be construed to limit the adjustment rights under Section 1.02(d) with respect to clause (i) and/or clause (j) of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event . Permitted Assets means (i) Cash, Cash Equivalents, Permitted Securities, Shares and Collateral, (ii) proceeds of the foregoing consisting of Cash, Cash Equivalents, Permitted Securities, Shares and Collateral and (iii) dividends and distributions in respect of any Cash, Cash Equivalents, Permitted Securities, Shares, and/or Collateral. Permitted Derivatives Transactions means (i) exchangeable or convertible securities issued by the Parent or a Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower) referencing or convertible into Shares or shares of the Parent that, in each case, (a) are sold in a broadly distributed registered offering or Rule 144A transaction and (b) contain customary terms for such securities or terms that are comparable to those contained in exchangeable or convertible securities that have been previously issued and sold by any of GCI Liberty, Inc., Liberty Expedia Holdings, Inc., Liberty Media, Liberty Broadband, Qurate Retail and/or any of their respective subsidiaries; and (ii) a transaction relating to a number of Shares owned by the Parent or a subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower), which is not secured by Pledged Shares, that consists of (a) (x) put options purchased by the Parent or a subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower) Put Options and/or (y) call options sold by such party provided any such call options have a strike price greater than the strike price of the Put Options in the event that Put Options have been purchased in connection therewith), (b) forward transactions by the Parent or a subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower) as seller and/or (c) any other similar sale transaction that has the same economic effect (including associated trading activity), including any related loans customarily entered into in connection with such transactions described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c). Permitted Holder means any one or more of (a) Qurate Retail (or its successors), (b) Liberty Media (or its successors), (c) John C. Malone, Gregory B. Maffei, or any other executive officer or director of Liberty Media (or its successors), Qurate Retail (or its 
 33 

successors) or the Parent (or its successors), (d) each of the respective Affiliated Persons of the Persons referred to in clause (c) and (e) any Person a majority of the aggregate voting power of all the outstanding classes or series of the Equity Interests of which are beneficially owned by any one or more of the Persons referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d); provided that no Issuer or its Subsidiaries shall be, directly or indirectly, a Permitted Holder. For purposes of this definition, person and group have the meanings given to them for purposes of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provisions, and the term group includes any group acting for the purposes of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, or any successor provision. Permitted Liabilities means (a) all Contractual Obligations under the Loan Documents, (b) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges levied upon the Borrower or upon its income, profits or property, (c) all costs and expenses of the Independent Manager, (d) any other liabilities or obligations of any nature expressly allowed to be incurred by the Borrower pursuant to the definition of Special Purpose Entity , (e) liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or in connection with transactions not prohibited under the Loan Documents and (f) costs and expenses relating to the administration, ownership, management and Disposition of Permitted Assets which (A) do not exceed, at the date of determination, a maximum amount equal to 200,000 and (B) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred, or, if later, invoiced. Permitted Liens means (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document, (b) Permissible Transfer Restrictions, (c) inchoate Liens in respect of Taxes and claims permitted not to be paid in accordance with Section 6.06 and the other provisions of the Loan Documents and (d) the Liens of the Custodian to the extent expressly permitted under the Collateral Account Control Agreement. Permitted Securities means any of the following: (a) readily marketable direct obligations of the government of the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof that are obligations unconditionally guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the government of the United States that have a maturity of not greater than five (5) years; 
 (b) short-term commercial paper issued by United States corporations and rated at least A-l by S P or P-1 by Moody provided that the aggregate value of all commercial paper of any single issuer shall not exceed 10,000,000; 
 (c) indebtedness of any Person rated at least A by S P or A2 by Moody s with a maturity of five (5) years or less; provided that the aggregate value of all such indebtedness of any single issuer shall not exceed 10,000,000; and 
 (d) money market mutual funds; provided that such funds invest only in Cash, Cash Equivalents or other Permitted Securities and/or repurchase agreements for securities described in clause (a) above. 
 Permitted Share Release Event means the release of (a) any Share or Shares from the Liens under the Collateral Documents pursuant to a Share Exchange, (b) any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares prior to the occurrence of the Crediting Date with respect to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, (c) any Share or Shares in accordance with Section 2.09(l) 
 34 

and/or (d) any Unrestricted CHTR Shares that are not Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares and that are or have been pledged to the Lenders after the occurrence of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date and held in a Collateral Account subject to a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of an Applicable Lender created under the Collateral Documents. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. PIK Interest means the interest that accrues and is added to the outstanding principal balance of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(a)(ii) , which shall thereafter be deemed principal bearing interest at the Floating Rate. PIK Interest Election Notice means a notice provided by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.06(a)(ii)(A) and substantially in the form of Exhibit J , or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent. Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) whether or not subject to ERISA or the Code, established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA or any substantially similar non-U.S. law, any ERISA Affiliate. Platform has the meaning specified in Section 7.17 . Pledged Shares means, (i) on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, [ ] CHTR Shares, (ii) on and after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date and prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, [ ] CHTR Shares (such CHTR Shares unless and until they are released from the Liens securing the Obligations, the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares ), (iii) as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, (x) the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares and (y) up to [ ] Additional Restricted CHTR Shares (unless and until they are no longer Pledged Shares, the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares and (iv) after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, all Shares credited to any and all Collateral Accounts, in each case, for so long as the security interest and Liens granted in such Shares pursuant to the Security Agreement have not otherwise been terminated and released in accordance with the Loan Documents. Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: (a) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of any Shares, unless resulting in an Issuer Merger Event, or a free distribution or dividend of any Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue; 
 (b) a distribution, issuance or dividend to existing holders of any Shares of (i) any Shares, (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the relevant Issuer equally or proportionately with or prior to such payments to holders of any Shares, (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by any Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case as a dividend or distribution or for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 

 35 

(c) an extraordinary dividend with respect to any class of shares of any Issuer; 
 (d) a call by any Issuer in respect of any class of shares of such Issuer that is not fully paid; 
 (e) a repurchase by any Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries of the Shares of such Issuer whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than the repurchase by the Charter Issuer of its Shares; 
 (f) in respect of any Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from the Shares of such Issuer or Equity Interests of such Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent; provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights ; 
 (g) a Share Price Event; 
 (h) an Issuer Tender Offer; 
 (i) (i) the board of directors of any Issuer formally approves a Constrictive Amendment, (ii) a Constrictive Amendment is otherwise submitted to a shareholder vote, and the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that such Constrictive Amendment is likely to be approved; provided that if such Constrictive Amendment is not approved in the applicable shareholder vote, a Potential Adjustment Event shall be deemed not to have occurred and any adjustments made in connection therewith shall automatically cease to be effective, or (iii) a Constrictive Amendment is approved by the requisite shareholder vote; or 
 (j) (i) with respect to any Spin-Off Shares or Merger Shares, the imposition of any Transfer Restrictions (other than Permissible Transfer Restrictions) under or arising in connection with the Securities Act solely as a result of such Spin-Off Shares or Merger Shares, as applicable, being restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 (including any holding period restrictions under Rule 144(d)), except to the extent such Transfer Restrictions are no more restrictive than (including with respect to remaining duration) the Permissible Transfer Restrictions applicable to (A) with respect to such Spin-Off Shares, the Shares of the Issuer distributing such Spin-Off Shares and (B) with respect to such Merger Shares, the Shares of the Issuer undergoing such Issuer Merger Event, in each case, immediately prior to the relevant Spin-Off Event or Issuer Merger Event, as applicable, or (ii) the imposition of any Transfer Restrictions (other than any Transfer Restrictions described in clauses (a) through (e) of the definition of Permissible Transfer Restrictions under or arising in connection with any changes to the federal securities laws of the United States after the Closing Date. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event shall not result in a Potential Adjustment Event, and (ii) if a Potential Adjustment Event occurs with respect to any Pledged Shares that are Spin-Off Shares, (a) Borrower may elect, by notice to the Calculation Agent delivered promptly following notice of any adjustments as may be 
 36 

determined in accordance with Section 1.02(d) relating to such Potential Adjustment Event, to (1) exclude the Collateral Value of such Spin-Off Shares from the calculation of the LTV Ratio (A) to the extent that the LTV Ratio (calculated without giving any Collateral Value to such Spin-Off Shares) does not exceed the LTV Margin Call Level or (B) if the LTV Ratio exceeds the LTV Margin Call Level (calculated without giving any Collateral Value to such Spin-Off Shares), so long as the Borrower complies with the provisions of Section 2.09(a) in a manner that causes the LTV Ratio to be equal to or less than the LTV Reset Level, and (2) release such Spin-Off Shares from any Liens created under the Collateral Documents in accordance with Section 2.09(h)(iii) and, in any such event, the occurrence of any of the events set forth above shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event with respect to such Spin-Off Shares or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Shares other than the Shares of the Issuer subject to the relevant Potential Adjustment Event); provided that if (x) any such events occur during such time and subsequent to such time the Borrower desires to pledge Spin-Off Shares as Collateral in accordance with this Agreement, then prior to such pledge, the Calculation Agent (or the Lenders, to the extent permitted under Sections 2.05 or 2.09 shall be permitted to make such adjustments as may be determined in accordance with Section 1.02(d) , (y) the relevant Spin-Off Shares are so released, they shall cease to constitute Eligible Pledged Shares at all times thereafter, and (b) any adjustment made in accordance with Section 1.02(d) by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Potential Adjustment Event which impacts a ratio or valuation determined by reference to both Spin-Off Shares and other Shares shall take into account the proportionate value, as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent of such Spin-Off Shares and other Shares. primary obligor has the meaning specified in the definition of Guarantee . Prime Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the per annum rate quoted as the base rate on corporate loans in a different national publication (as selected by the Administrative Agent). The prime rate is a rate set by the Administrative Agent based upon various factors including the Administrative Agent s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by the Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. Pro Rata Basis means in proportion to each Lender s Applicable Percentage relating to the Loans under this Agreement, subject, in each case, to rounding to the nearest Share, 0.01 or item or unit of other securities or property, as applicable. Purchaser Representations means the following representations, warranties and agreements made by an assignee or participant, as applicable: (i) a representation and warranty that such assignee or participant is a QIB, a QP and an accredited investor as defined in Section 2(a)(15)(ii) of the Securities Act and is entering into such assignment or participation as principal and not for the benefit of any third party, (ii) a representation that such assignee or participant is not a natural person, a Defaulting Lender, any Person who, upon becoming a Lender under this Agreement, would constitute a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender, a Permitted Holder, the Parent, the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member, any Issuer or any Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender, the Parent, the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member or any Issuer, (iii) an acknowledgment that such assignee or participant fully understands any restrictions on transfers, sales and other dispositions in the Loan Documents or relating to any Collateral consisting of the Pledged Shares, (iv) an acknowledgment that such assignee or participant is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the assignment or participation 
 37 

and is currently able to afford a complete loss of such investment, (v) a covenant that such assignee or participant will only assign its Loans or sell its participation or participations therein pursuant to documentation including such Purchaser Representations, (vi) an acknowledgment by such assignee or participant that the Pledged Shares forming part of the Collateral cannot be sold by the Borrower without registration under, or in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements under, the Securities Act, (vii) an acknowledgment that such assignee or participant is not entering into such assignment or participation on the basis of any material Non-public Information with respect to the Borrower, any Issuer, their Subsidiaries or their securities, and, if applicable, it has implemented reasonable policies and procedures, taking into consideration the nature of its business, to ensure that individuals making investment decisions would not violate the laws prohibiting trading on the basis of material Non-public Information (it being understood that such assignee or participant may have material Non-public Information on the private side of its information wall, sometimes referred to as a Chinese Wall , at the time of such assignment or participation); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, material Non-public Information concerning the Borrower, any Issuer, their Subsidiaries or their securities shall not include any information made available to both the assignee and the assignor or both the participant and the seller of a participation interest, as the case may be, and (vii) an acknowledgment that it has made an independent decision to purchase its Loans or participation based on information available to it, which it has determined adequate for the purpose. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act. QP means a qualified purchaser within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. Qurate Retail means Qurate Retail, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Liberty Interactive Corporation f/k/a Liberty Media Corporation, in each case, a Delaware corporation). Ratable Share (a) of any amount means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the product of (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding at such time owed to such Lender, and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding at such time and (ii) such amount and (b) of any type of Collateral, means, with respect to any Applicable Lender at any time, the product of (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding at such time owed to such Applicable Lender, plus such portion of the Loans of each Agented Lender that such Applicable Lender is holding Collateral on behalf of, and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding at such time and (ii) the aggregate amount of such type of Collateral, subject to rounding to the nearest Share, 0.01 or item or unit of other securities or property, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares, the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares, any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares and any other Unrestricted CHTR Shares with different dates on which such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares or such other Unrestricted CHTR Shares, as applicable, become Pledged Shares shall each be deemed separate types of Collateral for purposes of this definition. Recipient means (a) any Agent and (b) any Lender. Register has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(a) . 
 38 

Regulation FD means Regulation FD as promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the branches, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release Share Price means [ ]. Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or, in each case, any successor thereto. Required Lenders means at any time Lenders holding at least a majority of the sum of (a) the then aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and (b) the aggregate principal amount of the unused Commitments (if any); provided that the outstanding Loans held by, and unused Commitments of, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means (a) the chief executive officer, the president, the chief legal officer, the chief administrative officer, the chief accounting officer, the principal financial officer, the chief corporate development officer, the chief portfolio officer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any vice president, any assistant vice president, the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member or the Parent, (b) solely for purposes of delivery of certificates pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iii) , the secretary or assistant secretary of the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member or the Parent and (c) solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other person duly authorized to act for and on behalf of the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member or the Parent, as applicable, so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent, in each case of clauses (a), (b) and (c), as such officer is acting on behalf of the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member on behalf of itself or the Borrower, or the Parent on behalf of itself, on behalf of the Borrower Sole Member or on behalf of the Borrower. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member or the Parent, as applicable, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower, the Borrower Sole Member on behalf of itself or the Borrower or the Parent on behalf of itself, on behalf of the Borrower Sole Member or on behalf of the Borrower, as applicable. Restricted Payment means, with respect to any Person, any dividend or other distribution (however denominated, including as yield and whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of such Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof). 
 39 

Restricted Transaction means, in respect of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including the Borrower: (i) any financing transaction, secured by or referencing the CHTR Shares (other than the Loans and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Permitted Derivatives Transactions), (ii) any grant, occurrence or existence of any lien on the CHTR Shares (other than (x) Liens securing the obligations under the Loan Documents, (y) Permitted Liens and (z) with respect to the Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower), Liens on CHTR Shares in connection with any Permitted Derivatives Transaction), or (iii) any swap, hedge or derivative transaction (including by means of a physically- or cash-settled derivative or otherwise) related to the CHTR Shares other than any Permitted Derivatives Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the following shall constitute a Restricted Transaction: (a) the financing hereunder and the other Loan Documents; (b) until the Cheetah Payoff occurs in accordance with this Agreement, under the Cheetah 4 Margin Loan Documents or under the Cheetah 5 Margin Loan Documents; (c) any sale or other transfer of the Equity Interests of the Parent or the Borrower and (d) any put , makewell right or similar right or transaction that is entered into with a party that is not a financial institution in connection with a strategic transaction. Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth on Schedule I under the column titled Total Revolving Commitment , or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.06 . The aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date is 1,150,000,000. Revolving Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or an outstanding Revolving Loan. Revolving Loan means a Loan made by the Lenders with Revolving Commitments to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b) . As of the occurrence of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (and prior to giving effect to the Revolving Loan Repayment), the Revolving Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.01(b)(ii) is 850,000,000. Immediately after giving effect to the Revolving Loan Repayment and prior to any Subsequent Loan Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans, the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Revolving Loans is 0.00. Revolving Loan Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans. Revolving Loan Repayment means the repayment by the Borrower of outstanding Revolving Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 850,000,000 which repayment shall occur substantially simultaneously with but immediately following the occurrence of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Rule 144 Reporting Event means that the Charter Issuer (a) has not filed all reports it is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months preceding the Control Share End Date (other than reports on Form 8-K) and/or (b) has otherwise failed to comply with the information requirements of Rule 144(c)(1) 
 40 

under the Securities Act during the 12 months preceding the Control Share End Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. S P means Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, or any successor thereto. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions. Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person Controlled by any such Person. Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which the applicable Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during the regular trading session (it being understood and agreed that any day on which an applicable Exchange is open for trading but is scheduled to close early in connection with a current or pending holiday shall constitute a regular trading session). SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. Secured Parties means, collectively, each of the Applicable Lenders, as collateral agent for the benefit of itself, its Agented Lenders and the Agents, and each such Applicable Lender, individually, being a Secured Party . Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D , by and among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Applicable Lenders. Share Exchange means upon the occurrence of a Crediting Date with respect to any of the Additional Restricted CHTR Shares (such shares, the Substitution Shares the substantially simultaneous release of any other Eligible Pledged Shares in accordance with Section 2.09(e) in an aggregate amount equal to the number of the Substitution Shares . Share Price Event means the occurrence, as of the close of business on any Scheduled Trading Day, of the Market Reference Price of any Pledged Shares being equal to or less than the Minimum Price for such Shares. Shares means, collectively, (i) the CHTR Shares and (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, Merger Shares and/or Spin-Off Shares, 
 41 

as applicable; provided that following the occurrence of an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, the shares of common stock issued by the resulting Delaware corporation shall be deemed to be Shares (except for purposes of the definition of Issuer 251(g) Merger Event ). Side Letter means the letter, dated as of May 18, 2016, from Charter and CCH I, LLC to the Parent and Advance/Newhouse Partnership. SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org (or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate from time to time). Solvency Certificate means a solvency certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G . Solvent means, with respect to any Person, that as of any date of determination, (i) the present fair value of such Person s assets exceeds the total amount of such Person s liabilities (including contingent liabilities), (ii) such Person has capital and assets sufficient to carry on its businesses, (iii) such Person is not engaged and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction for which its remaining assets are unreasonably small in relation to such business or transaction and (iv) such Person does not intend to incur or believe that it will incur debts and/or liabilities beyond its ability to pay such debts or liabilities as they become due. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. Special Purpose Entity means a limited liability company which, at all times since its formation and thereafter , shall be (i) organized solely for the following purposes set forth in clauses (a) through (e) below and (ii) operated in accordance with clauses (f) through (ff) below: (a) to acquire, own, hold, vote, sell, transfer, exchange, assign, dispose of, manage, encumber, pledge and otherwise deal with and in Permitted Assets in a manner not prohibited by the Loan Documents; 
 (b) to enter into and perform its obligations under or with respect to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and all documents, instruments or agreements executed and delivered in connection therewith and the borrowings thereunder and all Contractual Obligations not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; 
 (c) to receive and distribute to the Borrower Sole Member, in the sole discretion of the Borrower Sole Member, as the sole member and a manager of the Borrower, (i) the proceeds of borrowings under this Agreement as a dividend or a return of capital, (ii) any Permitted Assets, other than Collateral (except to the extent such Collateral has been released pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) and (iii) any proceeds of any of the foregoing, in each case to the extent not prohibited by the Loan Documents; 
 (d) to incur, issue, pay or discharge Permitted Liabilities; 

 42 

(e) to engage in any lawful act or activity and to exercise any powers permitted to limited liability companies organized under the laws of the State of Delaware that are related or incidental to and necessary, convenient or advisable for the accomplishment of the above mentioned purposes, including the power to maintain its legal existence , the power to incur reasonable fees, costs and expenses related to the ownership, administration and management of Permitted Assets and the power to discharge Permitted Liabilities incurred in the furtherance of the foregoing purposes, in each case, to the extent not expressly prohibited under the Loan Documents; 
 (f) has not engaged and will not engage in any business unrelated to the purpose of such limited liability company as set forth in this definition ; 
 (g) has not owned and will not own any asset or property other than Permitted Assets and incidental personal property necessary for the conduct of its business as permitted under this definition and the Loan Documents; 
 (h) has not bought or held and will not buy or hold any evidence of indebtedness issued by any other Person, other than Permitted Assets; 
 (i) to the fullest extent permitted by law, has not engaged in, sought or consented to and will not engage in, seek or consent to any dissolution, winding up or liquidation, in whole or in part, and, to the extent prohibited under the Loan Documents, has not and will not engage in any consolidation, merger or asset sale or amendment of its certificate of formation or operating agreement ; 
 (j) has not failed and will not fail to correct any known misunderstanding regarding the separate identity of such entity; 
 (k) has maintained and will maintain its own separate books, records and bank accounts; 
 (l) has maintained and will maintain its books, records, resolutions and agreements as official records at its offices at 12300 Liberty Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112 and not change the location of such books, records, resolutions and agreements without first providing the Administrative Agent at least thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice of such change in location; 
 (m) has maintained and will maintain a separate statement of assets and liabilities showing its assets and liabilities separate and apart from those of any other Person and not permit its assets and liabilities to be listed on the financial statements of any other Person; provided that the financial statements of an Issuer may be consolidated into the Borrower s financial statements to the extent required by GAAP; provided , further , that the Borrower s assets and liabilities may be included in the consolidated financial statements of the Parent and/or the Borrower Sole Member so long as (A) appropriate notations shall be made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of the Borrower and the Parent and/or the Borrower Sole Member and to include that the Borrower s assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debt and other obligations of the Parent, the Borrower Sole Member or any other Person and (B) such assets shall also be listed on the Borrower s own separate balance sheet; 

 43 

(n) has not commingled and will not commingle its funds or other assets with those of any other Person, except to the extent expressly permitted or required under the Loan Documents; 
 (o) except as otherwise expressly required or permitted by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, has held and will hold its assets in its own name, and has maintained and will maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from those of any other Person; 
 (p) [reserved]; 
 (q) is and intends to remain Solvent, and has paid and will pay its own debts and liabilities out of its own funds and assets (to the extent of such funds and assets) as the same shall become due, and will give prompt written notice to the Administrative Agent of the insolvency or bankruptcy filing of the Borrower or the Parent or the Borrower Sole Member; provided that the foregoing shall not require the Parent, the Borrower Sole Member or any other Person to make any additional contributions to the Borrower; 
 (r) has done or caused to be done, and will do or cause to be done, all things necessary to observe all limited liability company formalities and preserve its existence and good standing, and will not amend, modify or otherwise change any of the single purpose, separateness or bankruptcy remote provisions or requirements of its operating agreement or other organizational documents, in each case as described in this definition (except as required by law or approved by the Required Lenders or pursuant to Section 7.06 ); 
 (s) shall not enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower as would be obtainable by the Borrower at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; provided that (i) the Borrower may enter into any Contractual Obligation or any other transaction with an Affiliate expressly permitted under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) the Parent or the Borrower Sole Member may make additional capital contributions of Permitted Assets to the Borrower at such times, in such amounts and on such terms as they may, in their sole discretion, deem appropriate or advisable, and the Borrower may receive and deal with same, (iii) the Borrower may distribute, dividend or otherwise transfer the proceeds of the Loans and any other Permitted Assets, other than Collateral (except to the extent such Collateral has been released pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement), to the Parent or any of its other Affiliates and (iv) the Borrower may continue to acquire, own, hold, vote, sell, transfer, exchange, assign, dispose of, manage, encumber and otherwise deal with and in Permitted Assets (and exercise the Borrower s rights with respect thereto), in each case in a manner that is not prohibited by any provision of the Loan Documents; 
 (t) has no and will have no (x) Indebtedness other than Permitted Assets and Permitted Liabilities or (y) Contractual Obligations other than Permitted Assets, Liens not prohibited by Section 7.02 , Permitted Liabilities, the Stockholders Agreement, the Advance/Newhouse Proxy or Contractual Obligations ancillary or relating thereto or consisting of Lock-Ups or Contractual Obligations ancillary or relating thereto or entered into in connection with Dispositions not 

 44 

prohibited under this Agreement and containing customary obligations and undertakings customary for such Dispositions; 
 (u) has not assumed and will not assume, guarantee, become obligated for or hold out its credit as being available to satisfy the debts or obligations of any other Person, including any Affiliate of the Borrower, or the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other Person, including any such Affiliate; provided that the Borrower may effect the Cheetah Payoff and the Kodiak Payoff or distribute cash to its Affiliates for the purpose of effecting the Cheetah Payoff and the Kodiak Payoff, as applicable provided that such funds shall be used to effect the Cheetah Payoff and the Kodiak Payoff, as applicable); 
 (v) has not acquired and will not acquire obligations or securities of the Borrower Sole Member; 
 (w) has conducted, and will at all times conduct its business solely in its own name in a manner not misleading to other Persons as to its identity (including through the use of separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its own name); 
 (x) other than in connection with the Loan Documents, has not pledged and will not pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person; 
 (y) has held itself out and identified itself and will hold itself out and identify itself to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person and under its own name; 
 (z) has not made or permitted to remain and will not make or permit to remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or own or acquire any stock or securities of, any Person, except that the Borrower may invest in Permitted Assets and may make any loan or advance required or expressly permitted to be made pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Documents and permit the same to remain outstanding in accordance with such provisions; 
 (aa) has maintained and intends to maintain adequate capital (to the extent there is adequate cash flow from Permitted Assets) for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations; provided that the foregoing shall not require the Borrower Sole Member or, if the Parent is not the Borrower Sole Member, the Parent to make any additional contributions to the Borrower; 
 (bb) has not permitted and will not permit any Affiliate of the Borrower independent access to its bank accounts except for the duly authorized officers, employees and agents, of the Borrower Sole Member, or if the Parent is not the Borrower Sole Member, the Parent, in each case, acting on behalf of the Borrower Sole Member in its capacity as the manager of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the Organization Documents of the Borrower; 
 (cc) has not identified and will not identify the Borrower Sole Member or other Affiliates of the Borrower as a division or a department of the Borrower, and has not identified and will not identify itself as a department or division or part of any other Person except, in each case, as required by applicable Law with respect to Taxes or as provided by clause (m) above; 

 45 

(dd) has not formed, acquired or held and will not form, acquire or hold any Subsidiary (whether corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other) ; 
 (ee) has caused and will use its best efforts to cause its agents and other representatives to act at all times with respect to the business and affairs of such entity in compliance with the foregoing; and 
 (ff) has and will have an Independent Manager. 
 Spin-Off Event means a distribution, whether as a dividend or otherwise, of the common stock of any Person (other than a Person that is then an Issuer) by an Issuer to the holders of the Shares of such Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Spin-Off Shares means the shares of common stock of a Person (other than a Person that is then an Issuer) distributed to the holders of the Shares of such Issuer in connection with a Spin-Off Event and are (or will be upon the consummation of such Spin-Off Event) listed for trading on a Designated Exchange and issued by an entity incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof. Spinco means, in connection with a Spin-Off Event, the issuer of the Spin-Off Shares. Stockholders Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2015, by and among Charter, CCH I, LLC, Advance/Newhouse Partnership and the Parent, as amended by the Side Letter, and including the letter agreement between Charter and the Parent, dated February 23, 2021, which implements, facilitates and satisfies certain of the Parent s obligations under the Stockholders Agreement, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Stub Period shall mean, (a) unless a Loan is made on an Interest Payment Date, the initial Interest Period with respect to such Loan and (b) unless the Maturity Date is on an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date. Subsequent Loan Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans or Additional Loans, in each case, after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise Controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person; provided that no Issuer shall be included as a Subsidiary of the Borrower for any purposes under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. Substitution Shares has the meaning specified in Share Exchange. Successor Administrative Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 46 

Successor Calculation Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms, and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contract(s), (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contract(s) have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined in accordance with the methodology for determining termination value in such Swap Contract. Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic or off-balance sheet lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Threshold Amount means 500,000. Trading Disruption means the occurrence or existence during the one-half hour period ending on the scheduled close of trading on any Exchange Day of any material suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by such Exchange or otherwise) in any Shares that are Pledged Shares as determined by the Calculation Agent other than as a result of an Early Closure. Trading with the Enemy Act has the meaning specified in Section 5.19 . 
 47 

Tranche shall mean Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Transfer Restrictions means, with respect to any property (including, in the case of securities, security entitlements in respect thereof), any condition to or restriction on the ability of the holder thereof to sell, assign, pledge or otherwise transfer such property or to enforce the provisions thereof or of any document related thereto whether set forth in such property itself or in any document related thereto, including (i) any requirement that any sale, assignment, pledge or other transfer or enforcement of such property be subject to any volume limitations or be consented to or approved by any person, including the issuer thereof or any other obligor thereon, (ii) any limitations on the type or status, financial or otherwise, of any purchaser, pledgee, assignee or transferee of such property, (iii) any requirement of the delivery of any certificate, consent, agreement, opinion of counsel, notice or any other document of any person to the issuer of, any other obligor on or any registrar or transfer agent for, such property, prior to the sale, pledge, assignment or other transfer or enforcement of such property, (iv) any registration or qualification requirement or prospectus delivery requirement for such property pursuant to any federal, state or foreign securities law (including any such requirement arising under the Securities Act), (v) any condition to or restriction on the ability of a potential purchaser, assignee, pledgee or transferee to acquire such property from the holder thereof and (vi) any legend or other notification appearing on any certificate representing such property to the effect that any such condition or restriction exists; except that the required delivery of any assignment, instruction or entitlement order from the Borrower or any pledgor, assignor or transferor of such property, together with any evidence of the corporate or other authority of such Person, shall not constitute such a condition or restriction. Treasury Regulations means the final or temporary regulations that have been issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury pursuant to its authority under the Code, and any successor regulations. Triggering means, with respect to an Issuer Event that is an Issuer Trading Suspension or Issuer Delisting, the occurrence or effectiveness thereof; provided that no Triggering of an Issuer Trading Suspension or Issuer Delisting, as applicable, that relates to Spin-Off Shares, shall be deemed to have occurred (A) to the extent that such Spin-Off Shares are not included in the Collateral or (B) if such Spin-Off Shares are included in the Collateral, to the extent that at the time of the Issuer Trading Suspension or Issuer Delisting, as applicable, with respect such Spin-Off Shares, (1) the LTV Ratio (calculated without giving any Collateral Value to such Spin-Off Shares) does not exceed the LTV Margin Call Level or (2) if the LTV Ratio exceeds the LTV Margin Call Level (calculated without giving any Collateral Value to such Spin-Off Shares), the Borrower complies with the provisions of Section 2.09(a) in a manner that causes the LTV Ratio to be equal to or less than the LTV Reset Level (it being understood and agreed that any Mandatory Prepayment Notice given in connection with the Triggering of an Issuer Event in substantially the form of Exhibit L hereto shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement to provide a Collateral Shortfall Notice to the Borrower); provided , however , that, on and after the Triggering of an Issuer Event with respect to any Issuer of Spin-Off Shares, such Spin-Off Shares shall cease to constitute Eligible Pledged Shares at all times thereafter. Type means, as to any Loan, following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, whether it is (a) an Initial Loan, (b) a Revolving Loan or (c) an Additional Loan provided that Additional Loans that are subject to different terms and conditions, including with respect to Base Spread and Maturity Date, shall be treated as different Types of Loans). 
 48 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. Unrestricted CHTR Shares means all of the CHTR Shares that are Pledged Shares, other than the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares and any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares . U.S. Person means any Person who is a U.S. person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(B)(III) . USA PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.15 . USD LIBOR means the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollars. Valuation Percentage means, with respect to any Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as the case may be, the applicable percentage reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent, in an equitable manner as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to preserve for the Lenders and the Borrower the intent of the parties (including the intention expressed through definitions) and the fair value and risks in the Loans after non-binding consultation with the Borrower for up to three (3) Business Days during the period prior to the effectiveness of the related Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, as applicable (or such longer period of time as determined by the Calculation Agent), for purposes of determining the Collateral Value with respect to such Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as the case may be; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Valuation Percentage may be a percentage between 0 and 100 , inclusive, and (ii) the Calculation Agent may, but is not required to, determine the Valuation Percentage by reference to, among other factors and without limitation, applicable Transfer Restrictions other than Permissible Transfer Restrictions (whether in the hands of the Borrower or any Lender or Agent exercising its rights with respect thereto under the Loan Documents) and the liquidity of the relevant securities; provided , further , that if, in the reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent, the Valuation Percentage cannot reasonably be determined prior to or upon the effectiveness of the related Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, then the Valuation Percentage shall be a good faith estimate as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent 
 49 

which may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent as soon as practicable following such effectiveness in an equitable manner as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to preserve for the Lenders and the Borrower the intent of the parties (including the intention expressed through definitions) and the fair value and risks in the Loans and after non-binding consultation with the Borrower for up to three (3) Business Days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, with respect to such Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, no Transfer Restrictions other than Permissible Transfer Restrictions (whether in the hands of the Borrower or any Lender or Agent exercising its rights with respect thereto under the Loan Documents) apply and such Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, are (or, upon consummation of the relevant Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, will be (it being understood and agreed that such Shares shall not constitute Eligible Pledged Shares until such time as such Shares are listed for trading on a Designated Exchange)) listed for trading on a Designated Exchange, the Valuation Percentage shall be 100 with respect to such Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that each of the following conditions is satisfied: (A) the issuer of such Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, (i) has filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, for at least twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that such issuer was required to file such reports) and (ii) has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File (as defined in Rule 11 of Regulation S-T) required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, for at least twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that such issuer was required to submit and post such files), and (B) the Free Float of the Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner is at least [ ] percent ([ ] ). Upon receipt of written request from the Borrower following any determination of a Valuation Percentage, the Calculation Agent shall reasonably promptly provide the Borrower with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any calculation or determination made by it in determining such Valuation Percentage (including any quotations, market data or information from internal sources used in making such calculations, but without disclosing Calculation Agent s proprietary models or confidential information). Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning specified in Section 2.04 . Voluntary Prepayment Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.04 . Withholding Agent means the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 50 

1.02. Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word shall shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word will . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof (subject to any restrictions on, or an Event of Default resulting from, such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such Law and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder and any reference to any Law shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such Law as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) Following the occurrence of an Issuer Merger Event, Spin-Off Event or Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent (or the Required Lenders, but only to the limited extent permitted in and subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 2.05 and 2.09 may adjust, with respect to (x) in the case of an Issuer Merger Event, the Shares that are the subject of such Issuer Merger Event, (y) in the case of a Spin-Off Event, the Shares issued by the Issuer which is issuing Spin-Off Shares in connection with a Spin-Off Event and Spin-Off Shares issued in connection with such Spin-Off Event and (z) in the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Shares issued by the Issuer subject to such Potential Adjustment Event, one or more terms of any Loan Document, as applicable (including the definitions of Minimum Price, Maximum Share Number, Issuer Delisting, Issuer Event, Issuer Merger Event, Issuer Tender Offer, Issuer Trading Suspension, Share Price Event, LTV Margin Call Level, Initial LTV Level, LTV Reset Level or any other term or provision) as the same relate to such Shares, in an equitable manner as the Calculation Agent (or 

 51 

the Required Lenders, but only to the limited extent permitted in and subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 2.05 and 2.09 determines necessary to preserve for the Lenders and the Borrower the intent of the parties (including the intention expressed through definitions) and the fair value and risks in the Loans and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s), after non-binding consultation with the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent and Lenders may not adjust the determination of Valuation Percentage of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares if, pursuant to the definition thereof, such Valuation Percentage would be 100 . It is understood and agreed that (i) all determinations made by the Calculation Agent or the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement (whether under this Section 1.02(d) or otherwise) or the other Loan Documents will be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and, if made in accordance with such standard, and any other applicable standard set forth in the Loan Documents with respect to the determination being made, will be conclusive), (ii) the Calculation Agent (or any Lender) may consult with one or more Lenders or Agents in making such determinations, and (iii) the Calculation Agent shall consult on a non-binding basis with the Lenders in making determinations with respect to a Potential Adjustment Event arising out of a Share Price Event or under clause (j) of the definition thereof. 
 (e) Upon receipt of written request from the Borrower following any such determination of adjustments pursuant to Section 1.02(d) hereof, the Calculation Agent (or, if applicable, the Required Lenders) shall reasonably promptly provide the Borrower with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any calculation or determination made in determining such adjustments pursuant to Section 1.02(d) hereof (including any quotations, market data or information from internal sources used in making such calculations, but without disclosing the Calculation Agent s proprietary models or confidential information). 
 (f) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement, (ii) no Agent or Lender has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to the Borrower arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and the relationship between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other hand, in connection herewith, is solely that of debtor and creditor; and (iii) no joint venture is created hereby or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the parties hereto. 
 1.03. Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein 

 52 

and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders, as applicable, financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 1.04. Times of Day . 
 Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable) in the United States. 1.05. Timing of Payment and Performance. 
 When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (except as otherwise set forth herein or in any other Loan Document) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day and, in the case of any payment that accrues interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 1.06. Divisions. 
 For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person. 1.07. Rates. 
 The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to LIBOR, any component definition thereof or rates referenced in the definition thereof or any alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, comparable or successor rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, LIBOR or any other Benchmark, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. ARTICLE II THE LOAN S 
 2.01. The Loan s . 
 (a) Each Initial Loan Lender acknowledges and agrees that, automatically and without any further action by any party, upon the occurrence of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, 1,150,000,000.00 of the outstanding principal amount of the Original Initial Loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 4 will be outstanding hereunder as term Loans in the amount set forth next to each Lender s name on Schedule I under the column titled New Initial Loans and 

 53 

(b) Each Revolving Lender (i) acknowledges and agrees that, automatically and without any further action by any party, upon the occurrence of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the Original Initial Loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 4 in excess of the Initial Loans will be outstanding hereunder as outstanding Revolving Loans under this Agreement and (ii) severally agrees to make additional Revolving Loans to Borrower, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period in accordance with the terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment. 
 (c) Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of the Initial Loans may not be reborrowed. Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 2.02. Funding of the Loan s . 
 (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Commitments; provided that, in each case, the failure of any Lender to make its Loan shall not in itself relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender). Loans comprising any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (i) an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 or (ii) equal to the remaining available balance of the applicable Commitments. 
 (b) Each Lender shall make the proceeds of any Loans to be funded by it after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date available to the Administrative Agent who shall either (i) credit the account of the Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such proceeds or (ii) transfer by wire transfer such proceeds, in each case, in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 
 (c) To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall deliver a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m., in the case of (x) the Initial Loans, at least one (1) Business Day in advance of the proposed Borrowing, (y) Revolving Loans funded after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, not later than 11:00 a.m. at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may agree) and (z) Additional Loans, as applicable, at least three (3) Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may agree) prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each Borrowing Request delivered in connection with or after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date shall specify the following information in compliance with this Section 2.02 : 
 (i) that the requested Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of the Initial Loans, Revolving Loans or Additional Loans; 
 (ii) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing; 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

 54 

(iv) the location and number of the applicable account of the Borrower to which funds are to be disbursed; and 
 (v) with respect to the Initial Loans, Revolving Loans or Additional Loans, that the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 (solely in the case of the Initial Loans) and Sections 4.02(b) through (e) have been satisfied as of the date of the notice; 
 provided that a Borrowing Request may state that such request is conditioned upon the effectiveness of certain events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of such Borrowing) if such conditions are not satisfied. (d) There shall be no more than twelve (12) Tranches of Loans outstanding hereunder at any time. 
 2.03. Repayment of the Loan s . The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent on the Maturity Date, for the ratable account of the Lenders, the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding on such date together with all accrued interest thereon. Subject to Section 2.11(j) , the Administrative Agent shall forward to each Lender its Ratable Share of each such payment. 
 2.04. Voluntary Prepayments . The Borrower may, upon notice (which notice may be in the form attached as Exhibit H-2 hereto or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer) to the Administrative Agent (a Voluntary Prepayment Notice ), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay the Loans in whole or in part (a Voluntary Prepayment in an amount equal to the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans being prepaid and (y) all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.04 ; provided that, except with respect to any prepayments made pursuant to Section 2.09(a) , (i) such Voluntary Prepayment Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m., two (2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may agree) and (ii) any prepayment shall be either (A) in an aggregate principal amount of at least 5,000,000 and a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof or (B) the entire principal amount of such Type of Loans then outstanding and being prepaid. Each such Voluntary Prepayment Notice shall specify the date of such prepayment, the amount of principal being prepaid, whether the Loans being prepaid are Initial Loans, Revolving Loans or Additional Loans. The Borrower shall make such prepayment, together with all accrued interest thereon and any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.04 on the date specified in such Voluntary Prepayment Notice, and all such amounts shall be due and payable on such date; provided that a Voluntary Prepayment Notice delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of certain events, including, without limitation, the closing of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such conditions are not satisfied. Subject to Section 2.11(j) , any Voluntary Prepayment described in this Section 2.04 shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the ratable accounts of the applicable Lenders of the Type or Types of 

 55 

Loans being prepaid. The Administrative Agent shall forward to each Lender its Ratable Share of each such payment with respect to the relevant Type of Loans being prepaid. 2.05. Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (a) On the first Business Day following the delivery of a Mandatory Prepayment Notice from the Calculation Agent to the Borrower (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) stating that a Mandatory Prepayment Event has occurred (which need not be continuing) provided that, subject to the last sentence of Section 2.05(b) , if the Calculation Agent fails to deliver such Mandatory Prepayment Notice by 5:30 p.m. on the date the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs, any Lender may deliver or cause to be delivered the Mandatory Prepayment Notice in respect of such Mandatory Prepayment Event to the Borrower (with a copy thereof to each other Lender and Agent) with the same effect as if such Mandatory Prepayment Notice was delivered by the Calculation Agent; provided , further , that any failure to so deliver a copy of a Mandatory Prepayment Notice to any Lender or Agent shall not invalidate the effectiveness of such Mandatory Prepayment Notice) the Borrower shall prepay the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans, together with all accrued interest thereon and shall pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.04 and all other Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made). 
 (b) For purposes of the delivery and receipt of any Mandatory Prepayment Notice (including under Section 10.02 ), (i) the Borrower consents to the delivery of such Mandatory Prepayment Notice by electronic communications and (ii) the Borrower s normal business hours shall be 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., each Business Day. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event that a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs following any Potential Adjustment Event, Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, then the Calculation Agent and the Lenders agree not to send a Mandatory Prepayment Notice until such time as Calculation Agent has made its (or, subject to the terms and conditions of the proviso to this sentence, the Required Lenders have made their) determination as to the appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made to (i) the Minimum Price, (ii) the Maximum Share Number, (iii) the LTV Margin Call Level and/or (iv) the LTV Reset Level, in each case, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Section 1.02(d) ; provided that, if the Calculation Agent fails to make its determination with respect to such adjustments by 5:30 p.m. on the date the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs, the Required Lenders provided that the outstanding Loans held by, and unused Commitments of, the Calculation Agent and its Affiliates shall be excluded for purposes of making such determination of Required Lenders) may make such adjustments, if any, in each case, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Section 1.02(d) , with the same effect as if they were made by the Calculation Agent. 
 (c) Subject to Section 2.11(j) , any prepayment described in this Section 2.05(a) shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the ratable accounts of the Lenders , and each prepayment described in subsection (d) shall be made for the ratable accounts of the Revolving Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall forward to each Lender its Ratable Share of each such payment. 
 (d) If for any reason the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans at any time exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time, Borrower 

 56 

shall immediately prepay the Revolving Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to such excess after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Each such payment shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages solely in respect of the Revolving Loans. 
 2.06. Interest and Fees . 
 (a) Ordinary Interest . 
 (i) The Loans shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the first day of such period to the last day thereof at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Floating Rate for such Interest Period. Subject to Section 2.06(a)(ii) , Section 2.06(a)(iii) and Section 2.09(f)(i) , accrued interest shall be payable by the Borrower in cash in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for the Loans upon determination of such interest rate. 
 (ii) PIK Interest. 
 (A) At the Borrower s election, interest may be payable entirely as PIK Interest. If the Borrower has delivered a PIK Interest Election Notice in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.06(a)(ii)(A) , on the applicable Interest Payment Date, all accrued and unpaid interest shall be added to the principal amount of the Loans and shall, thereafter, be deemed an extension of additional Loans pursuant to the terms of, and subject to, the Loan Documents. PIK Interest shall be allocated ratably to the principal amounts of the Loans of each Lender in accordance with the Ratable Share of the Loans of such Lender. Unless the context otherwise requires, for all purposes hereof, references to principal amount of Loans refers to the original face amount of the Loans plus any increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Loans as a result of payments of PIK Interest. The entire unpaid balance of all PIK Interest shall be immediately due and payable in full in immediately available funds on the Maturity Date. Unless the Borrower delivers a PIK Interest Election Notice to the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Borrower will, subject to the immediately succeeding clause (B) below, be deemed to have elected for each Interest Period, to make interest payments in cash as set forth in Section 2.06(a)(i) . 
 (B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the addition of PIK Interest to the aggregate principal amount of the Loans shall not result in a reduction of the aggregate principal amount of unused Commitments hereunder. 
 (b) (i) With the exception of any accrued and unpaid interest that is applied to increase the aggregate principal amount on the Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(ii) , if any amount due and payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, to the 

 57 

fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (x) the Floating Rate applicable to such amount and (y) 2.0 for each day until such amount and any interest thereon is paid in full. 
 (ii) With the exception of any accrued and unpaid interest that is applied to increase the aggregate principal amount on the Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(ii) , accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Except as expressly provided herein, interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 (d) Commitment Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee equal to (i) [ ] [ ] basis points) per annum on the daily unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of each Revolving Lender during the period from and including the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date to but excluding the earlier to occur of the date on which (i) the Availability Period with respect to such Revolving Commitment expires or (ii) the Revolving Commitment terminates. Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears (x) on each Interest Payment Date and (y) on the date that the Revolving Commitment expires or terminates. Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (including on the first day but excluding the last day). The Administrative Agent shall forward to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment. 
 (e) Administrative Agent Fees . The Borrower shall pay the Administrative Agent the fees and other amounts at the times and in the amounts specified in, and in accordance with, the Agent Fee Letter. 
 (f) USD LIBOR Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document: 
 (i) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of USD LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month USD LIBOR tenor settings. On the earlier of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of USD LIBOR have either permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative and (B) the Early Opt-in Effective Date, if the then-current Benchmark is USD LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 

 58 

(ii) Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 
 (iii) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time with the consent of the Borrower and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, the Borrower or any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.06 . 
 (v) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or USD LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent shall reinstate any 

 59 

such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 2.07. Computations . All computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year); provided that all computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to LIBOR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on the Loans for the day on which the Loans are made, and shall not accrue on the Loans, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that if the Loans are repaid on the same day on which it is made, the Loans shall, subject to Section 2.11(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder, including pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.06 , shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Any Interest Period stated to end on a day numerically corresponding to a given day in a specified month thereafter shall, if there is no corresponding day, end on the last Business Day of such month. 
 2.08. Termination of Commitments . 
 (a) The (i) Original Initial Loan Commitments automatically terminated upon the funding of the relevant Original Initial Loans and (ii) the Initial Loan Commitments automatically terminated upon the funding of the Initial Loans on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.08(c) below, the Revolving Commitments and any Additional Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate at 5:00 p.m. on the last Business Day of the applicable Availability Period; provided that such termination shall not occur if the failure to fund within the applicable Availability Period results solely from the action or inaction of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in violation of the terms of this Agreement. The Additional Loan Commitments of each applicable Additional Lender shall be reduced, Dollar for Dollar, by the amount of each Additional Loan made by such Additional Lender. Subject to Section 2.05 , the Commitments of each Lender shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero upon the delivery of a Mandatory Prepayment Notice. 
 (c) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate any unused Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce any unused Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m. (Noon) two (2) Business Days prior to the date of termination or partial reduction, and (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Subject to Section 2.11(j) , any reduction of Commitments shall be applied to the Commitments of each Lender ratably, according to the Commitments held by each Lender. All fees accrued with respect thereto until the effective date of any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination or reduction. 
 2.09. LTV Maintenance; LTV Notice . 

 60 

(a) If, upon the close of business on any Scheduled Trading Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the LTV Ratio exceeds the LTV Margin Call Level (a Collateral Shortfall ), the Calculation Agent shall deliver a Collateral Shortfall Notice to the Borrower; provided that, subject to the last sentence of this Section 2.09(a) , if the Calculation Agent has failed to deliver such Collateral Shortfall Notice by 5:30 p.m. on the date on which such Collateral Shortfall occurs, if any Lender determines that a Collateral Shortfall has occurred, such Lender may (subject to the last sentence of this Section 2.09(a) deliver or cause to be delivered a Collateral Shortfall Notice to the Borrower (with a copy thereof to each other Lender and Agent) with the same effect as if such Collateral Shortfall Notice had been delivered by the Calculation Agent; provided , further , that any failure to so deliver a copy of a Collateral Shortfall Notice to any Lender or Agent shall not invalidate the effectiveness of such Collateral Shortfall Notice. The Borrower shall: 
 (i) no later than 2:00 p.m. on the first Business Day following delivery of a Collateral Shortfall Notice from the Calculation Agent or a Lender (the Business Day of such delivery of such Collateral Shortfall Notice, a Collateral Shortfall Notice Day inform the Calculation Agent (or such Lender, as applicable) that it intends to satisfy such Collateral Shortfall Notice; 
 (ii) no later than Noon on the second Business Day following a Collateral Shortfall Notice Day, provide the Calculation Agent with SWIFT or Fedwire instructions for delivery of any funds to be used to prepay the Loans, if applicable, as contemplated in clause (iii) below; provided that it is understood and agreed that so long as the Borrower otherwise complies with clause (iii) below, any failure of the Borrower to timely provide the Calculation Agent (or, if a Lender delivered such Collateral Shortfall Notice, such Lender) with SWIFT or Fedwire instructions as required in this clause (ii) shall not result in a Default or Event of Default; and 
 (iii) no later than 4:00 p.m. on the second Business Day after a Collateral Shortfall Notice Day, (A) voluntarily prepay the Loans in accordance with Section 2.04 (including payment of all accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans so prepaid, amounts owing under Section 3.04 and/or (B) cause Cash or Cash Equivalents, that will constitute Eligible Cash Collateral upon such delivery, and/or additional Shares, that will constitute Eligible Pledged Shares upon such delivery, to be delivered to the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender in accordance with Section 3 of the Security Agreement, in each case, in an amount sufficient to reduce the LTV Ratio to be equal to or less than the LTV Reset Level, as of the date or payment and/or delivery, all as determined by the Calculation Agent . 

 61 

For purposes of delivery and receipt of any Collateral Shortfall Notice and Section 10.02 with respect to any such Collateral Shortfall Notice, (i) the Borrower consents to the delivery of such Collateral Shortfall Notice by electronic communications and (ii) the Borrower s normal business hours shall be 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. each Business Day. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event that the LTV Ratio exceeds the LTV Margin Call Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent, following a Potential Adjustment Event, a Spin-Off Event or an Issuer Merger Event, then the Calculation Agent and the Lenders agree not to send a Collateral Shortfall Notice until such time as the Calculation Agent has made its (or, subject to the terms and conditions of the proviso to this sentence, the Required Lenders have made their) determination as to the appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made to (i) the Minimum Price, (ii) the Maximum Share Number, (iii) the LTV Margin Call Level and/or (iv) the LTV Reset Level, in each case, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Section 1.02(d) ; provided that, if the Calculation Agent fails to make its determination with respect to such adjustments by 5:30 p.m. on such Collateral Shortfall Notice Day, the Required Lenders provided that the outstanding Loans held by, and unused Commitments of, the Calculation Agent and its Affiliates shall be excluded for purposes of making such determination of Required Lenders) may make such adjustments, if any, in each case, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Section 1.02(d) with the same effect as if they were made by the Calculation Agent. (b) Upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Borrower of the LTV Ratio, as determined in accordance with the definition of Market Reference Price within one (1) Exchange Day after the Borrower s date of such request. It is understood and agreed that any determination of the LTV Ratio made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Section 2.09 or otherwise will be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and, if made in accordance with such standard will be conclusive). 
 (c) If, following the announcement (whether by an Issuer or any relevant third party) of (i) a Spin-Off Event or (ii) a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that, if completed, would reasonably be expected to lead to an Issuer Merger Event, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines, following non-binding consultation with the Borrower during the same consultation period described in the definition of Valuation Percentage , that the securities or any other property that would be distributed to the holders of shares constituting the Pledged Shares, in connection with such Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, as the case may be, would not meet the criteria for a Valuation Percentage of 100 set forth in the proviso to the definition of Valuation Percentage , and in connection with the completion of such distribution, the Borrower would be required, pursuant to Section 2.09(a) , to deliver any additional Cash or Cash Equivalents that will constitute Eligible Cash Collateral and/or additional Shares that will constitute Eligible Pledged Shares (based on the applicable Valuation Percentage reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent for purposes of determining the Collateral Value with respect to such Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, as the case may be, as set forth in the definition of Valuation Percentage and any other adjustments to be made pursuant to Section 1.02(d) ), then the Calculation Agent shall determine the amount of Cash, Cash Equivalents and/or Shares that will constitute Eligible Cash Collateral and/or Eligible Pledged Shares, as applicable, upon such delivery, to be delivered to the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender in accordance with Section 3 of the Security Agreement for the LTV Ratio not to exceed the LTV Margin Call Level as a result of such distribution (the LTV Event Amount ). 

 62 

Within one (1) Business Day after the Calculation Agent determines the LTV Event Amount, which determination shall occur not more than eight (8) Business Days prior to the date on which such a distribution is scheduled to occur (or such shorter period of time if the scheduled distribution is less than eight (8) Business Days following the public announcement), the Calculation Agent shall deliver a notice to the Borrower setting forth the LTV Event Amount. No later than 4:00 p.m. on the earlier to occur of the (i) third Business Day after delivery of such notice and (ii) the date of such distribution, the Borrower shall cause Cash, Cash Equivalents and/or Shares that will constitute Eligible Cash Collateral and/or Eligible Pledged Shares, as applicable, upon such delivery, to be delivered to the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender in accordance with Section 3 of the Security Agreement, in an amount equal to the LTV Event Amount. With effect from such delivery of the LTV Event Amount, the Calculation Agent shall adjust the Collateral Value in its commercially reasonable sole discretion to give effect to the foregoing determinations, with such adjustment terminating upon the earliest to occur of (i) the determination of a Valuation Percentage with respect to such securities upon their distribution and (ii) the announcement by any Issuer or relevant third party of the withdrawal or abandonment of such Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, as the case may be (it being understood that the withdrawal or abandonment of any such Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, as the case may be, does not preclude the occurrence of another Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event) . If, following the delivery of Eligible Cash Collateral and/or Eligible Pledged Shares in the requisite LTV Event Amount, any Issuer or relevant third party announces the withdrawal or abandonment of such Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event, or the Calculation Agent determines following consummation of such Issuer Merger Event or Spin-Off Event that the Valuation Percentage is greater than initially determined for purposes of calculating the LTV Event Amount, then, upon receipt of a written request therefor from the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall promptly originate an instruction or entitlement order to the Custodian directing the release and transfer of any applicable Collateral constituting the LTV Event Amount from the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender to the Borrower (or the Borrower s designee) such that the LTV Ratio does not exceed the LTV Margin Call Level as calculated by the Calculation Agent to correspond to the revised Valuation Percentage provided that the Borrower may elect to maintain in the Collateral Account all or any portion of such LTV Event Amount permitted to be so released). Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the Calculation Agent sending notice of an LTV Event Amount, the Calculation Agent shall make all other adjustments pursuant to Section 1.02(d) hereof and any LTV Event Amount shall be calculated based on such adjustments. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including in this Section 2.09(d)) or in any other Loan Documents, on and after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, other than in connection with a Corporate Transaction Event and/or a Permitted Share Release Event, the Borrower may not request the release of any Pledged Shares constituting Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares or other Collateral (other than Eligible Cash Collateral), and no Pledged Shares constituting Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares or other Collateral (other than Eligible Cash Collateral) shall be released from, the Lien securing the Obligations at any time when the Market Reference Price does not exceed the Release Share Price (except any release in connection with a rebalance of Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14 , and/or a transfer of Collateral in connection with an assignment between or among Lenders or potential Lenders in accordance with the Loan Documents). The Borrower may not withdraw any Collateral from the Collateral Accounts, except (i) in accordance with clauses (c) through (f) and/or clause (h) of this Section 2.09 , (ii) with the prior written consent of each Lender or (iii) in connection with a Disposition and/or Restricted Payment, as applicable, of Pledged Shares held in the Collateral Accounts as permitted under Section 7.04 and 

 63 

Section 7.07 , respectively; provided that, at the time of any such withdrawal, in the event the Collateral consists of Shares (other than Spin-Off Shares) and Spin-Off Shares, the Calculation Agent may, in an equitable manner as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to preserve for the Lenders and the Borrower the intent of the parties and the fair economic value and risks in the Loans before giving effect to the Spin-Off Event relating to such Spin-Off Shares, after non-binding consultation with the Borrower, determine the required ratio of the value (determined based on the Market Reference Price) of the Shares of the relevant Issuer relating to such Spin-Off Event constituting Collateral to the value (determined based on the Market Reference Price) of the Spin-Off Shares relating to such Spin-Off Event constituting Collateral, in each case, after giving effect to such withdrawal, to be withdrawn; provided , further , that, in the event such ratio results in the value (determined based on the Market Reference Price) of the Shares issued by a particular Issuer constituting [ ] or more of the value (determined based on the Market Reference Price) of the Collateral consisting of Pledged Shares remaining after giving effect to such withdrawal, then the Borrower may elect to include Shares issued by such Issuer in the Collateral in a percentage in excess of [ ] of the value (determined based on the Market Reference Price) of the Collateral consisting of Pledged Shares, and other Shares not issued by such Issuer shall be permitted to be released to the extent otherwise permitted under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this clause (d). 
 (e) Except as contemplated under Section 2.09(l) hereto, Collateral shall be released from the Liens created under the Collateral Documents as follows: 
 (i) the Calculation Agent and each Applicable Lender shall have received a written notice from the Borrower requesting a release of such Collateral on the date specified therein (which date shall be no earlier than the Business Day immediately following the first Business Day on which the Calculation Agent and the Applicable Lenders have received such notice by 1:00 p.m. (or such shorter period as the Calculation Agent and the Applicable Lenders may agree) ), including the amount and type of Collateral requested to be released; 
 (ii) after giving effect to such release and any other release otherwise requested or effected pursuant to this Section 2.09(e) and any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.04 , the LTV Ratio would be equal to or less than the Initial LTV Level; 
 (iii) no Event of Default shall exist or would occur immediately after giving effect to such release; and 
 (iv) on the date of such release the Borrower is not required to make any prepayment and/or provide additional Collateral under Section 2.05 or Section 2.09(a) (and will not be required to take any such action as a result of the proposed release). 
 Any such notice delivered pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (i) shall contain a representation and warranty by the Borrower to the items set forth in the immediately preceding clauses (ii) and (iii) (and if such notice is given in connection with the Share Exchange, also as to the matters set forth in clause (y) of the immediately following paragraph). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (w) in connection with a release of any Pledged Shares under this Section 2.09(e) in connection with a Share Exchange, the condition of the 
 64 

immediately preceding clause (ii) shall not be a condition precedent to such release of the Pledged Shares (for the avoidance of doubt, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the number of the Substitution Shares) so long as such release does not cause a violation of Section 221.3(f) of Regulation U of the FRB, (x) no release of the Pledged Shares under this Section 2.09(e) in connection with a Share Exchange shall occur, if any Mandatory Prepayment Event or Collateral Shortfall has occurred and is continuing immediately prior to such release or would result therefrom, (y) to the extent the Control Share End Date has not occurred with respect to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, the Borrower will not request a Share Exchange with respect to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares in an amount that exceeds [ ] Additional Restricted CHTR Shares per Control Share Month (with unused amounts in any Control Share Month being carried over to the next succeeding Control Share Month) and (z) with respect to any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares that are otherwise eligible to be subject to a Share Exchange, to the extent the Control Share End Date has not occurred with respect to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, the Borrower will not request a Share Exchange in the event a Rule 144 Reporting Event has occurred and is continuing prior to such date; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Rule 144 Reporting Event, any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares that are not the subject of a Share Exchange in any Control Share Month that occurs during such Rule 144 Reporting Event may be carried over to the next succeeding Control Share Month during which a Share Exchange may be effectuated. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this Section 2.09(e) , the Calculation Agent shall be permitted, without the consent of the Lenders (but the Calculation Agent shall give each Applicable Lender prompt notice thereof), and hereby agrees, on the date specified in such written notice of the Borrower (which date shall be no earlier than the Business Day immediately following the first Business Day on which the Calculation Agent and the Applicable Lenders have received such notice by 1:00 p.m. (or such shorter period as the Calculation Agent and the Applicable Lenders may agree)), to release such Collateral from the Liens created under the Collateral Documents and send written directions to the Custodian, as provided and in accordance with the Collateral Account Control Agreement, to transfer such Collateral to an account or accounts as directed by the Borrower in such written notice; provided however, upon receiving written notice from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.09(e)(i) , if any Applicable Lender acting in a commercially reasonable manner disputes in good faith that the conditions set forth in Section 2.09(e) have been satisfied and subsequently notifies the Calculation Agent of such dispute prior to release, then absent manifest error on behalf of such Applicable Lender, the Calculation Agent shall not release such Lender s Collateral from Liens under the Collateral Documents; provided , further , that the release of Collateral pursuant to Section 2.09(f) shall not be subject to the requirements of this Section 2.09(e) . Collateral of the type requested to be released by the Borrower shall be released from any Lien created under the Collateral Documents (A) on a ratable basis among the Applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Ratable Shares of the amount and type of Collateral being released and (B) in an aggregate amount equal to the lowest of (I) the amount of Collateral requested to be released by the Borrower in such written notice, (II) an amount of Collateral with a value such that, after giving effect to such release and any other release otherwise requested or effected pursuant to this Section 2.09(e) and any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.04 , the LTV Ratio would not be greater than the Initial LTV Level and (III) the aggregate amount of such type of Collateral 
 65 

requested to be released by the Borrower held in the Collateral Accounts; provided that each type of Pledged Shares subject to such release (it being understood that, for this purpose, the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares, the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares , and any other Pledged Shares required to be held in separate Collateral Accounts shall be treated as a separate type of Pledged Shares from other Pledged Shares) shall be allocated to each Collateral Account in an aggregate number (rounded down to the nearest Share) in accordance with each Applicable Lender s Ratable Share. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the case of an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event , Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event , (i) upon receipt of a written request therefor from the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall and may, without the consent of any Lender) promptly originate an instruction or entitlement order to the Custodian directing the release and transfer of any Pledged Shares subject to such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event but excluding , for the avoidance of doubt, (A) any Shares or other shares received or to be received by the Borrower or that the Borrower is entitled or otherwise has any right or a claim to receive in connection with any such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event and (B) any and all proceeds in respect of any such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event) upon or following the occurrence of such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event , regardless of whether the conditions to release of Collateral set forth in this Section 2.09(e) are otherwise met , (ii) to the extent it is necessary for the Calculation Agent or any Applicable Lender to take action under the Collateral Documents to cause the Pledged Shares subject to such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event to cease to be Pledged Shares upon the occurrence of such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event, then the Calculation Agent or such Applicable Lender shall take such action (and each Secured Party authorizes the taking of such actions by the Calculation Agent and such Applicable Lender), and (iii) to the extent it is necessary for the Borrower to take action to cause (x) any Shares, Permitted Assets, other assets, consideration or proceeds received in respect of such Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, Issuer Merger Event or Issuer Tender to Merger Event or (y) any Shares tendered in the tender offer relating to an Issuer Tender to Merger Event where (A) such tender offer is not settled within three (3) Business Days following any tender of Shares by the Borrower in such tender offer, (B) such Shares are properly withdrawn prior to expiration or (C) such tender offer is terminated prior to such Shares being accepted by the offeror , in the case of each of clause (x) and clause (y) , to constitute Collateral pledged under the Security Agreement to each Applicable Lender, on a ratable basis, Borrower agrees to take such actions as may be reasonably requested by the Calculation Agent or any Lender to confirm or ensure that such Shares, Permitted Assets, other assets, consideration, proceeds or previously tendered Shares promptly constitute Collateral pledged under the Security Agreement to each Applicable Lender, on a ratable basis, and, if Shares, Permitted Assets, other assets, consideration, proceeds or previously tendered Shares are so pledged, then, to the extent such Shares, Permitted Assets, other assets, consideration, proceeds or previously tendered Shares may be held in an account subject to the Collateral Account Control Agreement, the Borrower will take such actions as may be reasonably requested by the Calculation Agent or any Lender to cause such Shares, Permitted Assets, other assets, consideration, proceeds or previously tendered Shares to be held in accounts subject to the Collateral Account Control Agreement. 
 66 

(f) (i) Upon receipt by the Calculation Agent of written notice from the Borrower requesting the release and application of Eligible Cash Collateral for the purpose of either (1) making an interest payment on the Loans then due and payable or (2) repaying or prepaying any PIK Interest, the Calculation Agent shall be permitted , without the consent of the Lenders (but the Calculation Agent shall give each Applicable Lender and the Administrative Agent prompt notice thereof), on the date specified in such notice (which date shall be no earlier than the Business Day immediately following the first Business Day on which the Calculation Agent has received such notice by 1:00 p.m.), to release such Eligible Cash Collateral from the Liens created under the Collateral Documents and cause the Administrative Agent to apply such released Eligible Cash Collateral as directed by the Borrower in such written notice. 
 (ii) Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this Section 2.09(f) , Eligible Cash Collateral shall be released from any Lien created under the Collateral Documents (A) among the Applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective ratable basis of the Eligible Cash Collateral being released and (B) in an aggregate amount equal to the lowest of (I) the amount of Collateral requested to be released by the Borrower in such written notice and (II) the aggregate amount Eligible Cash Collateral requested to be released by the Borrower held in the Collateral Accounts, and an amount equal to the amount of Eligible Cash Collateral released by each Applicable Lender shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the preceding clause (i) to the Obligations owing to such Applicable Lender and its Agented Lenders. (g) In addition to transfers made pursuant to Section 2.09(a) or (c) or in connection with Dispositions under Section 7.04(a) , (b) or (c) , the Borrower may transfer (i) Cash, Cash Equivalents and/or Shares that will constitute Eligible Cash Collateral and Eligible Pledged Shares, as applicable, upon such transfer or, in respect of any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares upon the occurrence of the Crediting Date with respect to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, and (ii) assets other than Cash, Cash Equivalents and Shares that each of the Lenders has consented to in writing to be included as Collateral (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) , into the Collateral Accounts on any Business Day, and the Calculation Agent shall adjust the LTV Ratio accordingly which shall become effective one (1) Business Day after the posting of such additional Collateral, as applicable (except in the case of (x) Section 2.09(a) or (c) or in connection with a Disposition under Section 7.04(a) , (b) or (c) , which such adjustments shall be effective on the date of delivery of Eligible Cash Collateral and/or Eligible Pledged Shares and (y) Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, which subject adjustments shall be effective on the applicable Crediting Date); provided that, except in the case of Section 2.09(a) or (c) or Section 7.04(a) , (b) or (c) , the Calculation Agent shall only be required to make such adjustment with respect to a transfer by the Borrower having a Collateral Value of at least 1,000,000. 
 (h) If (i) any Constrictive Amendment referred to in clause (i)(ii) of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event is not approved in the applicable shareholder vote such that a Potential Adjustment Event shall be deemed not to have occurred and any adjustments made in connection therewith shall automatically cease to be effective (in each case, as provided in such clause (i)(ii)), then, upon receipt of a written request therefor from the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall (without the consent of any Lender) promptly originate an instruction or entitlement order to the Custodian directing the release and transfer of any applicable Collateral posted as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event from the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender 

 67 

to the Borrower (or the Borrower s designee) such that the LTV Ratio does not exceed the LTV Margin Call Level as calculated by the Calculation Agent without giving effect to such adjustments, (ii) there occurs a Triggering of an Issuer Event with respect to any Issuer of Spin-Off Shares, and such Spin-Off Shares shall cease to constitute Eligible Pledged Shares at all times thereafter, then, so long as the LTV Ratio does not exceed the LTV Margin Call Level or, if a Collateral Shortfall Notice is received, Borrower cures a Collateral Shortfall in accordance with Section 2.09(a), upon receipt of a written request therefor from the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall (without the consent of any Lender) promptly originate an instruction or entitlement order to the Custodian directing the release and transfer of such Spin-Off Shares from the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender to the Borrower (or the Borrower s designee) or (iii) there occurs a Potential Adjustment Event with respect to any Spin-Off Shares and Borrower elects to exclude the Collateral Value of such Spin-Off Shares from the calculation of the LTV Ratio as provided in the last paragraph of the definition of Potential Adjustment Event and otherwise complies with the provisions of such paragraph, then, so long as the LTV Ratio does not exceed the LTV Margin Call Level, upon receipt of a written request therefor from the Borrower, the Calculation Agent shall (without the consent of any Lender) promptly originate an instruction or entitlement order to the Custodian directing the release and transfer of such Spin-Off Shares from the Collateral Account of each Applicable Lender to the Borrower (or the Borrower s designee). 
 (i) To the extent that the Borrower elects or is required to transfer or deposit Shares, Cash, Cash Equivalents or any other item of Collateral into any Collateral Accounts, the Borrower shall effect such transfer or deposit by transferring or depositing into each Applicable Lender s Collateral Account, such Shares, Cash, Cash Equivalents or any other item of Collateral in accordance with their Ratable Shares of such item of Collateral. 
 (j) At the reasonable request of any Agent, the Custodian, any Applicable Lender or the Borrower, the parties hereto agree to execute and deliver such documents, agreements or instruments as are reasonably requested to evidence and/or give effect to the release of Liens described in this Section 2.09 . 
 (k) To the extent an assignment of Loans or Commitments by any Lender pursuant to Section 10.06 requires the distribution or reallocation of Collateral, the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.09 shall not apply to any such distribution or reallocation. 
 (l) Regardless of whether any conditions to release of Collateral set forth in clauses (c) , (e) , (f) or (h) of this Section 2.09 or in connection with a Disposition as permitted by Section 7.04 or Section 7.07 are met but only so long as such release does not cause a violation of Section 221.3(f) of Regulation U of the FRB, upon receipt by the Calculation Agent of written notice from the Borrower requesting the release of (x) any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares prior to the occurrence of a Share Exchange with respect to such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares or (y) any Pledged Shares that exceed the Maximum Share Number, the Calculation Agent shall be, in each case, permitted, without the consent of the Lenders (but the Calculation Agent shall give each Applicable Lender and the Administrative Agent prompt notice thereof), and agrees, on the date specified in such notice (which date shall be no earlier than the second Business Day immediately following the Business Day on which the Calculation Agent has received such notice by 1:00 p.m.), 

 68 

to release such Additional Restricted CHTR Shares or Pledged Shares from the Liens created under the Collateral Documents. 
 2.10. Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and, to the extent the Borrower is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of the Borrower s regarded owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes), shall maintain in the United States a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of Lenders and each Lender s Commitment and Ratable Share of the Loans (and stated interest with respect thereto) from time to time (the Register ). The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender (with respect to such Lender s portion of any Loan) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Administrative Agent shall record in the Register each Lender s Commitment, the initial principal amount of each Loan, stated interest thereon, and each repayment or prepayment in respect of the principal amount thereof, and any assignment thereof, and any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and each Lender, absent manifest error; provided that failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect any Obligations. 
 (b) Notes . No promissory note shall be required to evidence the Loans by the Lenders to the Borrower. Upon the request of a Lender, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Lender a Note (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), which shall evidence such Lender s Ratable Share of the applicable Loans in addition to the foregoing accounts or records. A Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Ratable Share of such Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 2.11. Payments Generally . 
 (a) All payments to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, except with respect to Taxes as provided in Section 3.01 . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Agent Account in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 3:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 3:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest shall continue to accrue. 
 (b) Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, the Loans, each payment or prepayment of principal of the Loans, each payment of interest on the Loans and each other payment hereunder shall be allocated among the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their Ratable Shares of the Loans provided that, if the Borrower makes an election pursuant to Section 2.11(j) , such payment shall be allocated to the Lenders holding Loans of the Type so prepaid pro rata in accordance with their Ratable Shares of the Loans of such Type). The Administrative Agent agrees to forward to the Lenders such principal, interest and other payments on the same Business Day as such amounts are received, collected or applied by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower, unless the Administrative Agent receives such amounts after 11:00 a.m., in which case such payments may be forwarded by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders on the next Business Day. 

 69 

(c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Loan that such Lender will not make available to Administrative Agent such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Loan, Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such Applicable Percentage of such Loan available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its Applicable Percentage of such Loan available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the Floating Rate. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loan to Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to such Lender to but excluding the date such Lender or the Borrower repays such amount to the Administrative Agent. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (d) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Except as expressly set forth herein, if any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or the date for the performance of any covenant shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment or performance, as applicable, shall be made on the next following Business Day, and, for payments, such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate a Lender to obtain the funds for its Ratable Share of the Loans in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for its Ratable Share of the Loans in any particular place or manner. 

 70 

(g) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable credit extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (h) The obligations of Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 
 (i) A ll payments (including prepayments and any other amounts received hereunder other than payments and amounts received in connection with the exercise of the Agents and each Applicable Lenders rights after an Event of Default) made by the Borrower to Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document shall be applied to amounts then due and payable in the following order: (i) to any expenses and indemnities payable by the Borrower to any Agent under any Loan Document, (ii) ratably to any expenses and indemnities payable by the Borrower to any Lender under any Loan Document, (iii) subject to Section 2.11(j) , to any accrued and unpaid interest and fees due under this Agreement, (iv) subject to Section 2.11(j) , to principal payments on the outstanding Initial Loans, Revolving Loans and/or Additional Loans (if any) pro rata and (v) to the extent of any excess, to the payment of all other Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 (j) N otwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall apply to or restrict (i) the payment of the Commitment Fee, other fee or interest payable with respect to any Initial Loans, Revolving Commitment, Revolving Loans, Additional Loan Commitments and/or Additional Loans, as applicable, (ii) the reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments and/or Additional Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 2.08 (and payments of Commitment Fees due on the date of any such termination) or (iii) the prepayment of any Initial Loans, Revolving Loans and/or Additional Loans (if any), whether in full or in part, pursuant to Section 2.04 , Section 2.05 or Section 2.09(a) , in each case, on a non-pro rata basis with respect to any other Type of Loans as the Borrower shall elect; provided that if the Borrower does not make such election prior to or concurrently with delivering a Voluntary Prepayment Notice, if applicable, any such payments will be applied on a pro rata basis to the outstanding Initial Loans, Revolving Loans and/or Additional Loans (if any). 
 2.12. Sharing of Payments, Etc . Each Lender agrees that, in the event that any Lender shall obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on the Loans owing to such Lender under this Agreement through the exercise of a right of setoff, banker s lien, counterclaim or otherwise (including pursuant to a Debtor Relief Law) (excluding, in each case, any exercise of remedies by an Applicable Lender with respect to its Applicable Collateral or by amounts received by an Applicable Lender with respect to its Applicable Collateral under a Debtor Relief Law) in excess of its Ratable Share of the amounts owed to it hereunder (or, if the Borrower makes an 

 71 

election pursuant to Section 2.11(j) , in excess of its Ratable Share of amounts owed to it hereunder with respect to Loans of the Type so prepaid), such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such fact and purchase (for cash at face value) from the other Lenders a participation in their portion of the Loans, in such amounts and with such other adjustments from time to time, as shall be equitable in order that all Lenders share such payment in accordance with their respective ratable portion as provided for in this Agreement. Each Lender further agrees that if a payment to a Lender (which is obtained by such Lender through the exercise of a right of setoff, banker s lien, counterclaim or otherwise) shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored, each Lender which shall have shared the benefit of such payment shall, by repurchase of a participation theretofore sold, return its share of that benefit to each Lender whose payment shall have been rescinded or otherwise restored. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing such a participation may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all rights of payment, including setoff, banker s lien or counterclaim, with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.12 shall not apply to any exercise by an Applicable Lender of remedies against the Collateral controlled by such Applicable Lender or the assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments otherwise permitted hereunder. 
 2.13. Defaulting Lender . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
 (a) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver, consent or adjustment with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and in Section 8.01 . 
 (b) Reallocation of Payments . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to any Agent hereunder; second , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default has occurred), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund future Loans under this Agreement; fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth , so long as no Event of Default has occurred, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its Ratable Share and (y) such Loan were made at a time 

 72 

when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.13(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c) Commitment Fees . No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.06(d) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (d) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Ratable Share of the Loans, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 2.14. Rebalancing . 
 (a) If, on any date, any Applicable Lender gives written notice to the Calculation Agent, or the Calculation Agent otherwise becomes aware, that (i) any posting or release of Collateral did not occur on a ratable basis among the Applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Ratable Shares of the amount and type of Collateral being posted or released (other than in connection with any distribution of Collateral in connection with an assignment pursuant to Section 10.06 ), (ii) or the Collateral is not held among the Applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Ratable Shares (including with respect to the types of Collateral held by each Applicable Lender) for any other reason (other than as a result of a Lender exercising remedies in accordance with the Loan Documents) or (iii) Collateral needs to be distributed in connection with an assignment pursuant to Section 10.06 , then on, or as promptly as practicable following, such date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Applicable Lenders of such circumstances and, on, or as promptly as practicable following the date of such notice, the Applicable Lenders shall cause any transfers of Collateral from the Collateral Accounts that they control to Collateral Accounts controlled by other Applicable Lenders as may be necessary, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to ensure that the Collateral is held among the Applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Ratable Shares (including with respect to the types of Collateral held by each Applicable Lender). Each Lender agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Calculation Agent and the Custodian to effect such rebalancing, including, for the avoidance of doubt, by submitting written instructions to the Custodian to effect such transfers. The Borrower 

73 

hereby consents to, and to the extent necessary will cooperate in good faith with, such transfers . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no rebalancing shall be required to the extent the circumstances described in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 2.14(a) result from (x) a Lender waiving amounts owing to it, whether principal, interest or otherwise, in accordance with Section 10.01(a) or (y) a Lender releasing all or any portion of the Collateral, other than in connection with Section 2.09 or pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the other Loan Documents.
 (b) Each of the Lenders and the Borrower hereby authorizes the Calculation Agent to deliver a Collateral Reallocation Instruction to the Custodian, with a copy to the Borrower, (i) in order to instruct the Custodian to effect any rebalancing described in the preceding clause (a) and (ii) in connection with any Subsequent Loan Borrowing to the extent necessary to ensure that the Collateral is held on a Pro Rata Basis. Each Lender agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Calculation Agent and the Custodian to effect any such reallocation, including, for the avoidance of doubt, by submitting written instructions to the Custodian to effect such reallocation and any related transfers of Collateral. The Borrower hereby consents to, and to the extent necessary will cooperate in good faith with, such transfers.
 2.15. Additional Commitments and Loans. 
 (a) The Borrower may, at its option, from time to time following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, by delivery of a written notice to the Administrative Agent, obtain Additional Loan Commitments (any term loans made with respect to such Additional Loan Commitments being herein referred to as Additional Loans provided that (i) the aggregate amount of Additional Loan Commitments obtained since the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date shall not exceed 200,000,000, (ii) the Borrower shall not be permitted to obtain Additional Loan Commitments on more than nine (9) occasions (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent) and (iii) there shall be no more than ten (10) Tranches of Loans and/or Commitments outstanding hereunder at any time. Each such notice (x) shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the requested date on which such Additional Loan Commitments are to be effective (the Additional Loans Closing Date (or such shorter time as the Administrative Agent may agree) and shall specify the amount of the Additional Loan Commitments to be obtained and the applicable Additional Loans Closing Date and (y) may not be delivered at any time that (1) there is an existing Event of Default or (2) a Mandatory Prepayment Notice has been delivered to the Borrower. Additional Loan Commitments may be made and provided by any existing Lender (but no existing Lender will have an obligation to provide Additional Loan Commitments, nor will the Borrower have any obligation to approach any existing Lenders to provide any Additional Loan Commitments) or by any Eligible Assignee; provided that the Administrative Agent shall have a consent right (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) with respect to the addition of any Eligible Assignee as an Additional Lender that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund.
 (b) The terms and provisions of any Additional Loan Commitments shall be identical to the Initial Loan Commitments and the terms and provisions of any Additional Loans made with respect thereto shall be identical to the Initial Loans; provided , however , that (i) the Base Spread and any upfront fees of or relating to any such Additional Loans may be at the then-

74 

market rates and (ii) the Maturity Date for such Additional Loans may be the same as or later than (but shall be no earlier than) the Maturity Date for any then-existing Loans.
 (c) The effectiveness of any Additional Loan Commitments on the applicable Additional Loans Closing Date and the occurrence of any extension of credit thereunder shall be subject only to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, as applicable: (A) execution and delivery of an Incremental Agreement by the Borrower and each Person agreeing to provide such Additional Loan Commitment, as applicable, (B) notice of such Incremental Agreement, together with a copy of the executed Incremental Agreement and a certificate from a Responsible Officer certifying that the conditions set forth in this Section 2.15 with respect to such Additional Loan Commitments and Additional Loans have been satisfied shall have been delivered to the Agents, (C) each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 and (D) such other conditions as the Borrower and each Person agreeing to provide such Additional Loan Commitment, as applicable, shall agree in the applicable Incremental Agreement. In addition, in connection with the effectiveness of any Additional Loan Commitment, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent customary supplemental opinions, corporate resolutions, certificates and other customary documents, in each case as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of any Additional Loans in accordance with Section 6.09 . In connection with any Additional Loan Commitments, the Borrower and each Additional Lender agrees to (i) unless the applicable Additional Lender is an existing Applicable Lender and the establishment of a Collateral Account and the execution and delivery of joinders to the Security Agreement and the Collateral Account Control Agreement is not necessary due to such Additional Lender s existing Collateral Account and Collateral Account Control Agreement, (x) establish a separate Collateral Account with the Custodian, (y) enter into a joinder to the Collateral Account Control Agreement with respect to such Collateral Account and a joinder to the Security Agreement (which joinders shall be acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent) and (z) if reasonably requested by the Custodian, enter into a customer account agreement or other agreement with the Custodian and (ii) make appropriate amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to reflect any administrative, technical or similar changes as are reasonably requested by the Applicable Lenders, the Additional Lenders or the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall deliver to such Additional Lender a Form U-1 or Form G-3 Purpose Statement or, if applicable, an amendment to a Form U-1 or Form G-3 Purpose Statement previously delivered to such Additional Lender in its capacity as a Lender hereunder, duly executed by a Responsible Officer (in each case, unless such Additional Lender has confirmed that it does not require either such form).
 (d) Any Additional Loan Commitments shall become effective and become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Agreement to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Person agreeing to provide such Additional Loan Commitments, as applicable (and, upon the effectiveness thereof, (i) any Person providing such Commitments that is not then a Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement and (ii) any Person providing any Additional Loan Commitments shall become an Additional Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement). Notwithstanding anything in Section 10.01 to the contrary, each Incremental Agreement may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary, in the 

75 

reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.15 , including to reflect any new Lenders and their Commitments (it being understood and agreed that the consent of the Required Lenders shall not be required to establish Additional Loan Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.15 or to effect such amendments).
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 3.01. Taxes . 
 (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 (b) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01(d) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall also, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(e) below, net of any amounts the Administrative Agent has received as a set off against such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01(e) below; provided that if the Borrower is required to directly indemnify the Administrative Agent pursuant to this sentence, the Administrative Agent shall take all steps reasonably requested by the Borrower in order to ensure that the Borrower is subrogated to the Administrative Agent s right to collect from the applicable Lender. 

76 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify (i) the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) the Administrative Agent, and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) the Administrative Agent, and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subsection (e) . 
 (f) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (g) Status of Lenders . 
 (i) Any Lender or Agent that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender or Agent, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender or Agent is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s or Agent s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender or Agent to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender or Agent. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
 (A) any Lender or Agent that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such 

77 

Lender or Agent becomes a Lender or Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender or Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 (B) any Foreign Lender or Agent that is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender or such Agent becomes a Lender or Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender or Agent claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower (or, to the extent the Borrower is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of the Borrower s regarded owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax 

78 

Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C) any Foreign Lender and any Agent which is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender or Agent becomes a Lender or Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender or Agent under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender or Agent were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender or Agent shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender or Agent has complied with such Lender s or Agent s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender and Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.01 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such 

79 

indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (h) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection (h) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (i) Tax Documentation by the Borrower . To the extent it is legally entitled to do so, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable Laws, when reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and promptly upon the obsolescence, invalidity or expiration of any form previously provided by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation or certification prescribed by applicable Laws and such other reasonably requested information, certification or documentation as will permit the Administrative Agent to determine that a sale of the Collateral would not be subject to any withholding with respect to Taxes. 
 (j) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 3.02. 3.02 Illegality . If a Lender determines (after consultation with the Administrative Agent) that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for the Lender to make, maintain or fund any Loan, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the LIBOR component of the Floating Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of a Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue its portion of the Loans as Floating Rate Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, upon demand from the Lender, either (i) convert such Lender s portion of the Loans to a Base Rate Loan, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain its portion of the Loans as Floating Rate Loans to such day or, immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain its portion of the Loans or (ii) prepay such Lender s portion of the Loans, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain its portion of the Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain its portion of the Loans as Floating Rate Loans. Upon any such prepayment, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid. 

80 

3.03. Increased Costs; Reserves . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as eurocurrency liabilities )), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, a Lender; 
 (ii) subject any Lender or Agent to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
 (iii) impose on a Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or the portion of the Loans made by such Lender; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or Agent of making, continuing or maintaining its portion of the Loans (or of maintaining its obligation to make its portion of the Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Agent hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or Agent, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Agent such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) Capital Requirements . If a Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or its holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of its holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or such Lender s portion of the Loans to a level below that which such Lender or its holding company could have achieved on such Lender s portion of the Loans but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of its holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of an Agent or Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Agent or Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.03 and delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Agent or Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of an Agent or Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03 shall not constitute a waiver of such Agent s or such Lender s, as the case may be, right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate an Agent or Lender pursuant to the 

81 

foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Agent or Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 3.04. Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of a Lender from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
 (a) any payment or prepayment of the Loans on a day other than an Interest Payment Date (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); or 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make available on any date specified herein its portion of the Loans) to prepay or borrow the Loans on any date or in the amount specified herein; 
 including any loss of anticipated profits (other than Base Spread) and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain its portion of the Loans or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Floating Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor, over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market. 3.05. Mitigation Obligations . 
 (a) If a Lender requests compensation under Section 3.03 , or the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to a Lender, an Agent or any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender or Agent pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if a Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender or Agent, as the case may be, at the request of the Borrower, shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking the Loans, or its portion thereof, hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates and to take any other actions reasonable in the sole judgment of such Lender or Agent, if, in the sole judgment of such Lender or Agent, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.03 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or Agent to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not 

82 

otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or Agent. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by a Lender or Agent in connection with any such designation, assignment or action. 
 (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.03 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.05(a) , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or declines to approve an amendment, waiver or consent that is approved by the Required Lenders, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.03 or Section 3.01 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that: (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.06(e) ; 
 (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.03 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
 (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law; and 
 (v) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender declining to approve an amendment, waiver or consent that is approved by the Required Lenders, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE LOAN 
 4.01. Conditions Precedent to Closing Date and Initial Funding Date . The effectiveness of this Agreement (this and each other capitalized term and each section referenced used in this Section 4.01 being used, solely for the purposes of this Section 4.01 , as defined or set forth in this Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date) and the obligation of the Initial Loan Lenders to make 

83 

the extension of the Initial Loans hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) Receipt by the Administrative Agent of the following, each of which shall be originals or electronic image scans (e.g., pdf (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer, if applicable, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) executed counterparts of the following Loan Documents, sufficient in number for distribution to each Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower: (A) this Agreement, (B) the Security Agreement, (C) the Collateral Account Control Agreement, (D) the Issuer Acknowledgment and (E) the Fee Letter; 
 (ii) if requested by any Initial Loan Lender, a Note executed by the Borrower; 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
 (iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each of the Borrower and the Borrower Sole Member is duly organized or formed under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of formation and each other jurisdiction where it is conducting business; 
 (v) an executed Compliance Certificate attaching the Borrower Financial Statements; 
 (vi) the legal opinion of each of (x) Baker Botts L.L.P., counsel to the Borrower, and (y) Sidley Austin LLP, special counsel to the Borrower, in each case, addressed to the Lenders and the Agents , as to such matters as the Lenders and the Agents may reasonably request; 
 (vii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower, and the validity against the Borrower of the Loan Documents, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; 
 (viii) a Solvency Certificate of the Borrower executed by a Responsible Officer thereof; 

84 

(ix) evidence of the results of searches for Liens and judgments against the Borrower satisfactory to the Initial Loan Lenders; 
 (x) all applicable know your customer and other account opening documentation required by the USA PATRIOT Act to be provided by the Borrower. 
 (b) In order to meet certain requirements under the Security Agreement relating to the Collateral and to create in favor of each Applicable Lender a valid, perfected First Priority security interest in such Applicable Lender s Ratable Share of the Collateral, the Borrower shall have: 
 (i) delivered or transferred the Initial Pledged Shares to the Custodian (and such Initial Pledged Shares shall be held in or credited to the Collateral Accounts of each Applicable Lender based on its Ratable Share of the Collateral); and 
 (ii) satisfied the Collateral Requirement. 
 (c) No Issuer Event shall have occurred, and no event or transaction shall have been announced that if consummated or completed would constitute an Issuer Event. 
 (d) Subject to Section 10.04(a) , the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Initial Loan Lenders and the Agents to the extent invoiced two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute a reasonable estimate of such reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by the Agents and such Initial Loan Lenders through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower, such Initial Loan Lenders and the Agents). 
 (e) The Organization Documents of the Borrower shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each Initial Loan Lender, and the Independent Manager shall have been duly appointed. 
 (f) The fees payable to the Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.06 shall have been paid. 
 (g) The Borrower shall have executed and delivered a Liberty Assumption Instrument (as defined in, and in accordance with, the Stockholders Agreement) to Advance/Newhouse Partnership and Charter. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that the Cheetah Payoff shall occur on or promptly after the Funding Date (and, in any event, within two (2) Business Days after the Funding Date). 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.03(c) , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented 

 85 

to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 4.02. Conditions Precedent to all Loans . The obligation of each Lender to make any Loan (including the Initial Loans, the Revolving Loans and any Additional Loans) shall be subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) The Borrower shall have delivered a Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent signed by the Borrower in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (b) Each of the representations and warranties made by the Borrower set forth in Article V hereof and the other Loan Documents (provided that the representation and warranty contained in Section 5.20 shall not be made as of the date of any Borrowing to the extent such Borrowing occurs after the Closing Date) shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality, in which case to that extent it shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Loan with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent such representations and warranties are already qualified by materiality, in which case to that extent they shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date). 
 (c) No Default shall exist as of the date of such Borrowing or would result from the making of the Loans or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (d) The LTV Ratio as of such date, after giving effect to the Loans made on such date, shall be equal to or less than the Initial LTV Level. 
 (e) The Borrower shall have delivered to each Lender a Form U-1 or Form G-3 or an amendment to a Form U-1 or Form G-3 previously delivered to such Lender hereunder, duly executed by a Responsible Officer (in each case, unless such Lender has confirmed that it does not require either such form). 
 (f) The Calculation Agent shall have received confirmation from the Custodian that (i) if a Collateral Reallocation Instruction has been delivered to the Custodian, the reallocation described therein has been completed, and (ii) after giving effect to the making of such Loans, each Applicable Lender has its Ratable Share of each type of Collateral in its Collateral Accounts (it being understood that, for this purpose, the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares, the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares and any other Pledged Shares required to be held in separate Collateral Accounts shall be treated as a separate type of Pledged Shares from other Pledged Shares). 
 (g) No Mandatory Prepayment Event shall have occurred within the preceding two (2) Business Days prior to such Borrowing, and no Mandatory Prepayment Notice shall have been delivered to the Borrower. 

86 

(h) With respect to the funding of any Loans made after the Closing Date, the Cheetah Payoff and the Kodiak Payoff shall have occurred. 
 Each Borrowing Request shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions specified in Section 4.01 (solely with respect to the Original Initial Loans borrowed by the Borrower on the Closing Date) and Section 4.02 , as applicable, have been satisfied on and as of the date of the making of a Loan. ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Agents that as of the Closing Date and as of the date of any Borrowing hereunder (provided such representation and warranty contained in Section 5.20 shall not be made as of the date of any Borrowing that occurs after the Closing Date): 5.01. Existence, Qualification and Power . The Borrower (a) is duly organized or formed and validly existing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents (to the extent a party thereto), and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its respective business requires such qualification or license, except to the extent the failure to so qualify has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.02. Authorization; No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of each Loan Document to which it is party has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of its respective Organization Documents; (b) result in any breach, or default under, any Contractual Obligation to which it is a party or by which it is bound or affecting the Pledged Shares, including under the Stockholders Agreement; (c) result in the creation or imposition of any Transfer Restriction or Lien on the Collateral (other than the Permissible Transfer Restrictions) under, or require any payment to be made under, any Contractual Obligation, including under the Stockholders Agreement; (d) violate any written corporate policy of any Issuer applicable to the Borrower or, to the Borrower s knowledge, affecting the Borrower; (e) violate any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Borrower is subject; or (f) violate any Law, except, in the case of clauses (b), (d), (e), and (f), where any such breach or violation, either individually or in the aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.03. Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower, as the case may be, in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws 

87 

affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 5.04. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Borrower Financial Statements show all Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower as of the date thereof that are individually in excess of 100,000, including liabilities for taxes, Contractual Obligations and Indebtedness as at the dates thereof. 
 (b) Since the date of the Borrower Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.05. Disclosure . The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of the Collateral is subject, and all other matters known to the Borrower, that individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information (other than projections and other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry nature) (collectively, the Disclosures concerning the Borrower furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document, when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were or are made, not misleading (giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date (in the case of Disclosures delivered prior to the Closing Date) or prior to a Borrowing under Section 2.02 (in the case of Disclosures delivered prior to such Borrowing)). 
 5.06. Litigation . There are no actions, suits, investigations, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its property that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07. No Default . The Borrower is not in default under or with respect to any Material Contract, any agreement with any Issuer or any agreement applicable to the Pledged Shares. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.08. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its respective properties except in such instances which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (b) the failure to so comply, either 

88 

individually or in the aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.09. Taxes . The Borrower has timely filed all material Tax returns and reports required to be filed with any Governmental Authority, and has paid all material Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed by any Governmental Authority upon it or its properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed written Tax assessment against the Borrower and there is no current or, to the Borrower s knowledge, pending audit or other formal investigation of the Borrower by any Governmental Authority, in each case, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower does not have, and has never had, a trade or business or a permanent establishment in any country other than the United States. Each of the Borrower, and, unless the Parent is the Borrower Sole Member, the Borrower Sole Member is disregarded as an entity separate from the Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Parent is a domestic corporation within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 5.10. Assets; Liens . The Borrower has no assets other than Permitted Assets and does not engage in any business or conduct any activity, nor has it since its formation engaged in any business or conducted any activity other than (i) the acquisition, ownership, holding, voting, sale, transfer, exchange, assignment, Disposition or management of, or other dealings in or with, Permitted Assets and/or Permitted Liabilities, (ii) the performance of the transactions contemplated by the Permitted Liabilities and performance of ministerial activities and payment of taxes and administrative fees necessary for compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) any transaction permitted under Section 7.04 , 7.05 or 7.07 hereunder. Except for the Liens created by the Loan Documents, Permitted Liens and other Liens not prohibited by Section 7.02 (Liens), the assets of the Borrower are subject to no Liens. Other than the Loan Documents, any other agreements not prohibited under the Loan Documents (including agreements with respect to Permitted Liabilities), the Borrower s Organization Documents, Permissible Transfer Restrictions and the documents whereby the Borrower acquired the Pledged Shares and other Collateral, the Borrower is not, nor has it been since its formation, a party to any contract or other agreement or arrangement. 
 5.11. Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except as have been obtained or made and, to the extent applicable, remain in effect and for filings or recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered for filing and/or recordation, as of the Closing Date. 
 5.12. Governmental Regulation . The Borrower is not subject to regulation under any federal or state statute or regulation which may limit their ability to incur the indebtedness contemplated hereunder or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 

89 

5.13. ERISA and Related Matters . The Borrower is not subject to any material obligations or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, with respect to any Plan. None of the assets of the Borrower are or could be deemed to be plan assets (as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA) or assets of any Plan pursuant to any substantially similar non-U.S. or other law. 
 5.14. Organization Documents . The Borrower is in compliance with the terms and provisions of its Organization Documents. 
 5.15. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 
 (a) None of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the Loans and the use of proceeds thereof) will violate Regulations T, U and X of the FRB. 
 (b) None of the Borrower or any Person Controlling the Borrower is, or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated under the Loan Documents none of the Borrower or any Person Controlling the Borrower will be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 5.16. Subsidiaries; Equity Interests . The Borrower has no Subsidiaries. The Borrower has no Investment in any Person other than in Permitted Assets. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are directly owned by the Borrower Sole Member. 
 5.17. Solvency . The Borrower is, and upon the incurrence of any Obligations by the Borrower on any date on which this representation and warranty is made or deemed made, the Borrower will be, Solvent. 
 5.18. Trading and Other Restrictions . 
 (a) The Eligible Pledged Shares are not subject to any restrictions on disposition by the Borrower, other than Permissible Transfer Restrictions. 
 (b) The Pledged Shares are not subject to any shareholders agreement that includes any Transfer Restrictions, other than Permissible Transfer Restrictions. 
 5.19. USA PATRIOT Act . To the extent applicable, the Borrower is in compliance with the (i) Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Department of the Treasury (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (collectively, the Trading with the Enemy Act ), (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act and (iii) The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959) (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act (together with the Trading with the Enemy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act, Anti-Terrorism Laws ). Neither the Borrower nor, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer, any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Borrower (a) is currently (i) the subject of any Sanctions or (ii) located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or (b) has been engaged in any transaction with any Person who, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is now or was then the subject 

90 

of Sanctions or located, organized or residing in a Designated Jurisdiction. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ). 5.20. No Material Non-public Information . The Borrower is not entering into the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby on the basis of any material Non-public Information in respect of any Issuer that could reasonably be expected to result in a significant decline in the aggregate market value of the Shares of such Issuer. No information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower to a Lender in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby is material Non-public Information in respect of any Issuer. 
 5.21. Bulk Sale and Private Sale . The Borrower understands that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the exercise of remedies pursuant to the Security Agreement, (a) a commercially reasonable bulk sale of the Eligible Pledged Shares may occur which may result in a substantially discounted realization value with respect to the Eligible Pledged Shares compared to the then current market price and (b) a commercially reasonable private sale of the Eligible Pledged Shares may occur which may result in less proceeds than a public sale. 
 5.22. Status of Shares. Except to the extent the same have not been included in the calculation of Collateral Value, Shares held in, or to be deposited in, any Collateral Account (i) is of the same class as securities listed on a national exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or quoted in a U.S. automated inter-dealer quotation system, (ii) qualify (or, upon deposit or crediting, will qualify) as Eligible Pledged Shares (determined for the purpose of this clause (ii) as if clause (e) of the definition thereof was deleted), (iii) is registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, is maintained in the form of book-entry on the books of DTC and is allowed to be settled through DTC s regular book-entry settlement services, (iv) [reserved] and (v) other than with respect to a Merger Share or Spin-Off Share, (x) in respect of the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares, as of the Closing Date, had a holding period (for purposes of Rule 144) of at least twelve (12) months in the hands of the Borrower and (y) in respect of (A) the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares, as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, had a holding period (for purposes of Rule 144) of at least twelve (12) months in the hands of the Borrower and (B) in respect of any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, as of the date such CHTR Shares became Pledged Shares, had a holding period (for purposes of Rule 144) of at least twelve (12) months in the hands of the Borrower. 
 (b) The Loans contemplated hereunder are entered into by the Borrower in good faith and at arm s length and are bona fide loans. The Loans are not entered into with an expectation that the Borrower would default in its obligations thereunder. The Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including without limitation, the pledge of the Pledged Shares) are bona fide pledges to secure the Borrower s obligations under the Loan Documents. Such Collateral Documents are not entered into by the Borrower with the intent of facilitating a disposition of any Shares subject to the Collateral Documents. 
 5.23. Special Purpose Entity/Separateness . 

91 

(a) The Borrower is a Special Purpose Entity in all material respects. 
 (b) The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 5.23 shall survive for so long as any amount (other than any contingent obligation as to which no claim has been asserted) remains payable to a Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.24. Reporting Obligations . The Borrower or the Parent, as applicable, has complied, and will comply, in all material respects, with its reporting obligations with respect to the Shares and the Loan Documents under Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act, to the extent applicable, and applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction, including any required filings with the SEC . 
 5.25 Restricted Transactions . None of the Parent, the Borrower, or their respective Subsidiaries is a party to a Restricted Transaction. 5.26. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Parent has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions; and the Borrower, and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, each of the officers, employees, directors and agents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of the directors, officers, or employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any agents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the Loans made hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Loan, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate the Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as the Loans or other Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied: 6.01. Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower and within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, an unaudited statement of assets and liabilities as at the end of such fiscal year or fiscal quarter, as applicable, in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the assets and liabilities of the Borrower, each in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 6.02. Certificates; Other Information . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

92 

(a) concurrently with the delivery of any statement of assets and liabilities referred to in Section 6.01 , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer; 
 (b) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by the Borrower, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other similar inquiry by such agency regarding the Loans, the Collateral, or the financial or other operational results of the Borrower; 
 (c) promptly, after request therefor, a statement of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 or 16a-1(a)(2) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares beneficially owned by each Controlling Shareholder, to the extent such information is not reported in such Controlling Shareholder s most recent filings with the SEC (or if such Controlling Shareholder does not file with the SEC); and 
 (d) promptly, after request therefor, such additional information regarding compliance by the Borrower with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request in writing (including any information that any Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its obligations under any know-your-customer or anti-money laundering laws or regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation). 
 6.03. Notices . 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly and in any event within two (2) Business Days after the Borrower obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence, notify the Administrative Agent of: 
 (i) the occurrence of any Default or Mandatory Prepayment Event; 
 (ii) any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including as a result of (A) a breach or non-performance by the Borrower of, or any default under, a material Contractual Obligation of the Borrower, (B) any material actual or threatened litigation, investigation, subpoena, regulatory action, proceeding or suspension between the Borrower and any Governmental Authority, or (C) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding of any Governmental Authority against the Borrower; 
 (iii) the occurrence of a Change of Control; 
 (iv) [reserved]; and 
 (v) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Borrower not required by pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board or the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

93 

(b) The Borrower and the Borrower Sole Member shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent upon receiving a notice of resignation of the Independent Manager of the Borrower. 
 Each notice delivered pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto except, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, to the extent (x) such information is subject to confidentiality obligations with a third party which prevents disclosure of such information or (y) such information is subject to attorney-client privilege or (z) the sharing of which information is prohibited by any applicable Law. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 6.04. Preservation of Existence, Etc . The Borrower shall (a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence as a limited liability company under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business; except in the case of this clause (b), where the failure to so preserve, renew or maintain, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.05. Special Purpose Entity/Separateness . 
 (a) The Borrower shall be and shall continue to be a Special Purpose Entity in all material respects. 
 (b) The Borrower shall not permit any Agent or Lender or any Affiliate of any Agent or Lender to appoint the individual serving as Independent Manager. 
 6.06. Payment of Taxes and Claims . The Borrower will pay all material Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses or franchises, or for which it otherwise is liable, before any penalty or fine accrues thereon, and all material claims (including claims for labor, services, materials and supplies) for sums that have become due and payable and that by law have or may become a Lien upon any of its properties or assets, prior to the time when any penalty or fine shall be incurred with respect thereto; provided that no such Tax or claim need be paid to the extent (i) either the amount thereof is immaterial or the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) adequate reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been made or provided therefor and (iii) such proceedings could not reasonably be expected to result in the sale, forfeiture or loss of any portion of the Collateral or any interest therein. The Borrower shall not change its status as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless the Administrative Agent shall have provided its prior written consent to such change, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and, at all times that it is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it will have Parent, a domestic corporation within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, as its regarded owner (directly or indirectly through another disregarded entity) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

94 

6.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contracts . The Borrower shall (a) comply with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees of a Governmental Authority applicable to it or to its business or property except where the failure to comply or to perform, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) perform its obligations under all of its Material Contracts, except where the failure to comply or to perform, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 6.08. Books and Records . The Borrower shall maintain proper books of record and account as are reasonably necessary to prepare the information required by Section 6.01 . Without at least thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree to) prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall not maintain any of the Borrower s books and records at any office other than at the address indicated in Schedule 10.02 . 
 6.09. Use of Proceeds . 
 (a) The proceeds of the Initial Loans, together with the proceeds of the Revolving Loans made on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date shall be deemed used as described in Section 2.01 . As of and following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the proceeds of each other Loan made hereunder will be used by the Borrower for any purpose not prohibited hereunder, including, without limitation, (i) for distribution as a dividend or a return of capital to the equity or limited liability company interests of Parent or any other Person owning Equity Interests in the Borrower (a Parent Company ), (ii) for the purchase of margin stock and (iii) otherwise for general corporate purposes. 
 (b) The Borrower shall not use, and the Borrower shall procure that its Subsidiaries, the Parent, or any other Parent Company of the Borrower and the directors, officers, employees and agents of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Parent and any other Parent Company of the Borrower, shall not use, the proceeds of the Loans (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 (c) The Borrower has no contemplated plans to use the proceeds of any Loan to pay any debt or fees owed to, or engage in specific transactions with, any Person known by it to be a non-bank Affiliate of a Lender. 
 6.10. Purpose Statement . Upon request from a Lender or an Agent, the Borrower shall deliver to such Lender or Agent a completed Form U-l Purpose Statement or Form G-3 Purpose Statement, as applicable, each as published by the FRB. 

95 

6.11. Further Assurances . The Borrower shall promptly, at its sole cost and expense, execute and deliver to the Agents and the Lenders such further instruments and documents, and take such further action, as the Agents may, at any time and from time to time, reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and purpose of the Loan Documents and to establish and protect the rights, interests and remedies created, or intended to be created, in favor of the Secured Parties hereby and thereby; provided that, notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, at the reasonable request of the Lenders, each Lender, each Agent and the Borrower agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Custodian to open an additional (and, if requested, separate) Collateral Account for each Lender for purposes of holding any other Shares pledged after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as the Loans or other Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied: 7.01. Restricted Transaction . The Borrower shall not, and shall cause the Parent and the Borrower s and the Parent s respective Subsidiaries not to, enter into any Restricted Transaction. 
 7.02. Liens . The Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien, and the Borrower shall cause its Subsidiaries not to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien, upon the Collateral, other than Permitted Liens. 
 7.03. Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, other than Permitted Liabilities. 
 7.04. Dispositions . The Borrower shall not make any Disposition of Pledged Shares or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition of Pledged Shares, other than: 
 (a) so long as no Mandatory Prepayment Event or Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Dispositions of Pledged Shares and the proceeds thereon; provided that (A) such Pledged Shares would be permitted to be released pursuant to Section 2.09(c) , (e) or (h) , (B) the Calculation Agent shall have received a written notice from the Borrower requesting a release of such Collateral (and the Calculation Agent shall give each Applicable Lender prompt notice thereof) on the date specified therein (which date shall be no earlier than the Business Day immediately following the first Business Day on which the Calculation Agent has received such notice by 1:00 p.m.), including the amount and type of Collateral requested to be released and (C) solely in the case of Pledged Shares being released pursuant to Section 2.09(e) , after giving effect to the release of such Pledged Shares from the Collateral Accounts in connection with such Disposition, if the LTV Ratio would be greater than the Initial LTV Level, the Borrower shall, concurrently with settlement of such Disposition (or, if earlier, the proposed release of Pledged Shares from the Collateral Accounts in connection therewith) and as a condition to release of such Pledged Shares from the Collateral Accounts, either (1) prepay the outstanding Loans in an amount sufficient to cause the LTV Ratio to be equal to or less than the Initial LTV Level after giving effect to such release, accrued interest to the date of such payment on the principal amount paid and any amount required pursuant to Section 3.04 , or (2) deposit Cash and/or Cash Equivalents, that will constitute Eligible Cash Collateral, in the Collateral Accounts controlled by the Applicable Lenders 

96 

in accordance with Section 3 of the Security Agreement in such amount sufficient to, after giving effect to such posting and such release, cause the LTV Ratio to be equal to or less than the Initial LTV Level; 
 (b) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.07 ; provided that the Borrower shall not make any Disposition of Pledged Shares (other than Restricted Payments permitted pursuant to Section 7.07 pursuant to this Section 7.04 at any time that the Borrower possesses any material Non-public Information in respect of the Issuer of such Pledged Shares; and 
 (c) other Dispositions made in connection with the consummation of an Issuer 251(g) Merger Event, an Issuer Merger Event, an Issuer Tender to Merger Event or a Potential Adjustment Event; 
 provided , however , that, in no event shall a Disposition (or entry of an agreement to make a Disposition) (other than in connection with a Corporate Transaction Event and/or a Permitted Share Release Event) be permitted pursuant to this Section 7.04 on or after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date at any time when the Market Reference Price does not exceed the Release Share Price. 7.05. Investments . The Borrower shall not make any Investments other than in Permitted Assets and any other assets that may become Permitted Assets after the Closing Date and, in each case, the proceeds thereof, so long as such proceeds constitute Permitted Assets hereunder. 
 7.06. Amendments or Waivers of Organization Documents . The Borrower shall not directly or indirectly agree to any amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification to, or waiver of (including, without limitation, by way of merger), (i) any provision in the Borrower s Organization Documents relating to the Independent Manager, Independent Manager Matters or the Borrower being a Special Purpose Entity, or (ii) any other provision of the Borrower s Organization Documents after the Closing Date, except (in the case of this clause (ii)) to the extent the same could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.07. Restricted Payments . The Borrower shall not declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment of Collateral, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may incur obligations to make and/or make Restricted Payments consisting of (a) the proceeds of the Loans, (b) Pledged Shares and the proceeds thereon or therefrom if and to the extent such Pledged Shares can be disposed of pursuant to Section 7.04(a) , and (c) Eligible Cash Collateral and the proceeds therefrom if and to the extent such Eligible Cash Collateral would be permitted to be released pursuant to Section 2.09 ; provided , however , that, in no event shall a Restricted Payment (or incurrence of an obligation to make a Restricted Payment) of Collateral (other than pursuant to a Corporate Transaction Event and/or a Permitted Share Release Event) be permitted pursuant to this Section 7.07 on or after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date at any time when the Market Reference Price does not exceed the Release Share Price. 
 7.08. No Impairment of Collateral . The Borrower shall not take any action that would knowingly impair any Applicable Lender s security interest in the Collateral (except for any actions 

97 

taken with respect to Dispositions, Restricted Payments, Investments and/or releases of Collateral, in each case, otherwise permitted or not restricted by the Loan Documents). 7.09. Fundamental Changes . The Borrower shall not dissolve, liquidate, merge or consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) other than to the Secured Parties as provided in the Loan Documents. 
 7.10. Limitation on Borrower s Activities . The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in any business or conduct any activity other than, so long as not prohibited under the Loan Documents, (v) activities permitted under clauses (a) through (e) of the definition of Special Purpose Entity , (w) the acquisition, ownership, holding, voting, sale, transfer, exchange, assignment, disposition or management of, or other dealings in or with, Permitted Assets and/or Permitted Liabilities, (x) the performance of its obligations with respect to Permitted Liabilities, (y) performance of ministerial activities and payment of Taxes and administrative fees necessary for compliance with Permitted Liabilities and (z) the maintenance of its legal existence, including the ability to incur reasonable fees, costs and expenses in the ordinary course relating to such maintenance, (ii) enter into any Contractual Obligation, other than Permitted Liabilities or any other transaction or agreement between itself and any Person other than as not prohibited under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including with respect to Dispositions of Permitted Assets or (iii) have any employees or sponsor, maintain or contribute to, any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or any multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA. 
 7.11. Status of Shares . The Borrower shall not transfer any Shares to the Collateral Accounts nor provide a Designation Notice in respect of any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares unless such Shares shall (i) be of the same class as securities listed on a national exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or quoted in a U.S. automated inter-dealer quotation system, (ii) upon such transfer to a Collateral Account or subject to a Designation Notice, as the case may be, qualifies as an Eligible Pledged Share determined for the purpose of this clause (ii) as if clause (e) of the definition thereof was deleted ), except to the extent the same has not been included in the calculation of Collateral Value, (iii) be registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, be maintained in the form of book-entry on the books of DTC and are allowed to be settled through DTC s regular book entry settlement services, (iv) not be otherwise subject to any Transfer Restrictions (whether in the hands of the Borrower or any Lender or Agent exercising its rights with respect thereto under the Loan Documents) except for Permissible Transfer Restrictions and (v) other than in respect to Merger Shares or Spin-Off Shares, (x) in respect of the Existing Unrestricted Pledged Shares, as of the Closing Date, had a holding period (for purposes of Rule 144) of at least twelve (12) months in the hands of the Borrower and (y) in respect of (A) the November 2022 Restricted Pledged Shares, as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, had a holding period (for purposes of Rule 144) of at least twelve (12) months in the hands of the Borrower and (B) in respect of any Additional Restricted CHTR Shares, as of the date such CHTR Shares became Pledged Shares, had a holding period (for purposes of Rule 144) of at least twelve (12) months in the hands of the Borrower. 
 7.12. Investment Company . The Borrower shall not become, nor permit any Person Controlling the Borrower, to become, or become required to be, registered as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 

98 

7.13. Transactions with Affiliates . The Borrower shall not enter into any transaction of any kind with or make any payment or transfer to any Affiliate of the Borrower whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than (i) Investments or Restricted Payments not prohibited under this Agreement, (ii) the Borrower s acquisition, ownership, holding, sale, transfer, exchange, assignment, disposition or management of, or other dealings with respect to, Permitted Assets (and the exercise of the Borrower s rights with respect thereto in a manner that is not prohibited by any provision of the Loan Documents) and/or Permitted Liabilities, (iii) dividends, distributions or Dispositions of Permitted Assets not prohibited under Section 7.04 or Section 7.07 hereunder and (iv) any other transaction permitted by clause (s) of the definition of Special Purpose Entity . 
 7.14. No Subsidiaries . The Borrower shall not have, form, create, organize, incorporate or acquire any Subsidiaries (including by a division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws)) or conduct any business or hold any assets through any Subsidiary. 
 7.15. ERISA and Related Matters . The Borrower shall not: 
 (a) maintain, contribute or incur any obligation to, or agree to maintain, contribute or incur any obligation to, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to maintain, contribute or incur any obligation to or agree to maintain, contribute or incur any obligation to, any Plan where such obligation or agreement could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
 (b) engage in or permit any transaction that would result in the assets or property of the Borrower being deemed to be plan assets (as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA) or assets of any Plan pursuant to any substantially similar non-U.S. or other law. 
 7.16. Regulation of the Board of Governors . The Borrower shall not take any actions that would cause the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to violate, or result in a violation of, Regulations T, U, or X. 
 7.17. Certification of Public Information . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Borrower shall not provide any Lender or Agent with any material Non-public Information with respect to any Issuer, its Subsidiaries or their securities. Concurrently with the delivery of any document, notice or other communication regarding the transaction by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents (each, a Communication ), the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented that such Communication does not contain any such material Non-public Information, with respect to any Issuer, its Subsidiaries or their securities. If any Communication is required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement and is being distributed through Debtdomain, IntraLinks/IntraAgency, SyndTrak or another relevant website or other information platform (the Platform ), such Communication shall not contain any such material Non-public Information. 
 7.18. Name, Form and Location . The Borrower shall not change its name or the name under which it does business, the form or jurisdiction of its organization, or the location of its chief executive office without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

99 

7.19. Limitation on Certain Sales . At all times during the period from, and including, the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(b)(i)(x) with respect to Section 2.09(a) , a Mandatory Prepayment Event (or an event that, with the passage of time, would result in a Mandatory Prepayment Event) or an acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 8.02 to, and including, the date twenty (20) calendar days immediately following the completion or termination of the related foreclosure by the Applicable Lenders under the Security Agreement, the Borrower will not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell short, sell any call option or other right or warrant to purchase, purchase any put option, lend, hedge any long position in or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any Shares or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Shares, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of any Shares or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. 
 7.20. Anti-Terrorism Laws . The Borrower shall not, and the Borrower shall cause its Subsidiaries and the Parent or any other Parent Company of the Borrower not to, in each case: 
 (a) (i) violate any Anti-Terrorism Laws or (ii) engage in any transaction, investment, undertaking or activity that conceals the identity, source or destination of the proceeds from any category of prohibited offenses designated from time to time by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development s Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (or any successor organization or task force); or 
 (b) (i) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction related to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to any Anti-Terrorism Law or (ii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempt to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law or the FCPA. 
 7.21. Dispositions of Shares by Parent. The Borrower shall cause the Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower) not to Dispose of any CHTR Shares if the effect of any such Disposition would be to cause the amount of credit extended hereunder to exceed the maximum loan value (as defined in Regulation U of the FRB) of the collateral directly or indirectly securing such credit. 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01. Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower fails to pay when and as required to be paid herein any amount of principal of or interest on the Loans or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, including by reason of any payment required pursuant to Section 2.03 , 2.04 , 2.05 or 2.06 ; provided that if any payment of any amounts other than principal due and payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document is not paid when due, such failure shall not be an Event of Default unless such failure continues unremedied for five (5) days after the Borrower receives notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; or 

100 

(b) Other Defaults . 
 (i) Covenants . The Borrower (x) fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Sections 2.09(a) or (d) provided that if a release of Collateral occurs in contravention of Section 2.09(d) or upon the unilateral action of the Custodian and such Collateral is returned within one (1) Business Day of delivery of notice from the Lenders to the Borrower that such release was erroneous and the conditions for such release had not been met, no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred) or Sections 6.03 or 6.04(a) or Article VII of this Agreement, (y) fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.05 of this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues unremedied for five (5) Business Days after the earlier of the date on which (A) the Borrower becomes aware of such failure or (B) the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure or (z) fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified elsewhere in this Section 8.01 contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues unremedied for thirty (30) days after the earlier of the date on which (A) the Borrower becomes aware of such failure or (B) the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure; or 
 (ii) Restricted Transactions . The Parent or any of its Subsidiaries enters into a Restricted Transaction; or 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document or in any certificate, financial statement or other document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be false, incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 
 (d) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . The Borrower institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, ad hoc manager or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, ad hoc manager or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of the Borrower, as the case may be, and the appointment continues undischarged for sixty (60) days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to the Borrower or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of the Borrower, as the case may be, and continues undismissed for thirty (30) days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
 (e) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Borrower admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of the Borrower and is not released or vacated within sixty (60) days after its issue or levy; or 
 (f) Judgments . There is entered against the Borrower a judgment, decree or order for the payment of money that (x) individually or taken together with any other such 

101 

judgments, decrees and/or orders exceeds the Threshold Amount and (y) is not fully covered by insurance as to which a solvent insurance company that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower has not denied coverage and (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced upon such judgment or order or (B) such judgment, order or decree shall not have been vacated, discharged or stayed within sixty (60) days from entry; or 
 (g) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any provision of any Loan Document at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) or termination in accordance with the terms thereof ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document applicable to it or the Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or 
 (h) Lien Defects . Subject to the Borrower s cure rights set forth in clause (b) of this Section 8.01 , any Lien created by any of the Collateral Documents shall, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, at any time fail to constitute a valid and perfected Lien on all of the Collateral purported to be subject thereto, securing the Obligations purported to be secured thereby, subject to no prior or equal Lien (except as permitted hereunder), or the Borrower shall so assert in writing, other than any such failure arising or resulting primarily from any action or inaction on the part of a Secured Party or the Custodian; or 
 (i) Cross-Default . (i) The Borrower shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) in excess of the Threshold Amount, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after the expiration of any grace or cure period applicable thereto); or (ii) any event or condition occurs that results in any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Borrower in excess of the Threshold Amount becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any such Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any such Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (or to require an offer to purchase or redeem or prepay to be made to the holders of such Indebtedness or a payment be made under any Indebtedness constituting a guaranty of Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount), but in each case, only after the expiration of any grace or cure period applicable thereto; provided that this clause (k) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, and in connection therewith such secured Indebtedness which is due is repaid. 
 8.02. Remedies upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing: 
 (a) the Administrative Agent may and, upon request from the Required Lenders, shall, and each Lender may individually (as to its own Loans and Commitments) (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments of the Lenders (or if a Lender is taking such action individually, the Commitment of such Lender, as applicable) and (ii) declare the unpaid principal amount of the Loans (or if a Lender is taking such action individually, the Loans owing to such 

102 

Lender, as applicable), all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to all Lenders or (if a Lender is taking such action individually, to such Lender, as applicable), to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; and 
 (b) each Applicable Lender may exercise all rights and remedies available to it under the Loan Documents (including the enforcement of any and all Liens created pursuant to the Collateral Documents) and applicable Law; 
 provided that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(d) or 8.01(e) , the Commitments of all Lenders shall automatically terminate and the unpaid principal amount of the Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without further act of any Lender or Agent. If any Lender elects to take any of the foregoing actions individually (without the Administrative Agent acting on behalf of such Lender), such Lender shall notify the other Lenders and the Administrative Agent of such election and action prior to or substantially concurrently with the taking of such action. 8.03. Application of Funds . (a) After the exercise of any remedies as provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower on account of the Obligations of all Lenders (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts received by any Person, including the Administrative Agent, in connection with the exercise of any remedies by an Applicable Lender with respect its Applicable Collateral, pursuant to the Collateral Account Control Agreement as provided for in Section 8.02(b) after giving effect to clause (b) below, subject to the provisions of Section 2.13 , shall be applied: 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Agents and amounts payable under Sections 3.01 , 3.03 and 3.04 payable to each Agent in its capacity as such; Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders arising under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Sections 3.01 , 3.03 and 3.04 , ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; Fifth , to payment of any other Obligations ratably to the Secured Parties according to such Obligations owing to the Secured Parties; and Sixth , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations (other than contingent or indemnity 

 103 

obligations for which no claim has been made) have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in connection with the exercise of any remedies by an Applicable Lender with respect to its Applicable Collateral all proceeds received by any Applicable Lender with respect to any sale of, any collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of such Applicable Lender s Applicable Collateral, shall be applied by such Applicable Lender against the Obligations as provided in Section 6(g) of the Security Agreement and such Applicable Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof. 8.04. Certain Provisions Related to Applicable Lenders . 
 (a) For the avoidance of doubt, each Applicable Lender may choose to exercise any remedies provided for herein or in any other Loan Document, or refrain from exercising such remedies, in its sole discretion with respect to its Applicable Collateral (as defined in the Collateral Account Control Agreement). No Applicable Lender shall have any fiduciary or other express or implied duties to the other Lenders in connection with the exercise of remedies with respect to its Applicable Collateral or otherwise and no Lender shall interfere with such exercise of remedies, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by each Applicable Lender in its capacity as collateral agent for the benefit of itself, each of its Agented Lenders and each of the Agents (solely, in the case of each Agent, to the extent of such Applicable Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Obligations owing to such Agent in its capacity as an Agent and not as a Lender, Applicable Lender, Agented Lender or otherwise) in accordance with the terms thereof. No Lender shall claim (or support any claim by any third party) that a sale or other disposition of such Applicable Lender s Applicable Collateral by such Applicable Lender was not commercially reasonable. Each Applicable Lender shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of its Applicable Collateral in its possession if such Applicable Collateral is accorded treatment reasonably equal to that which such Applicable Lender accords its own property. 
 (b) In connection with any assignment by a Lender, the Borrower agrees to (i) (x) unless the applicable assignee elects to be an Agented Lender with respect to such assigned interest or is an existing Applicable Lender and the establishment of a Collateral Account and the execution and delivery of joinders to the Collateral Account Control Agreement is not necessary due to such Applicable Lender s existing Collateral Account and Collateral Account Control Agreement or (y) otherwise, (I) establish a separate Collateral Account with the Custodian, (II) enter into a joinder to the Collateral Account Control Agreement with respect to such Collateral Account and a joinder to the Security Agreement (which joinders shall be acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent) and (III) if reasonably requested by the Custodian, enter into a customer account agreement or other agreement with the Custodian and (ii) make appropriate amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to reflect any administrative, technical or similar changes as are reasonably requested by the Applicable Lenders, the assignee, the Calculation Agent or the Administrative Agent. 

104 

(c) Upon any Applicable Lender s sale or other disposition of its Applicable Collateral pursuant to this Agreement and the Security Agreement, the security interest of each other Person in such Collateral shall automatically terminate. Each Agent and Lender will execute, deliver and file such documents (including UCC-3 financing statements), if any, reasonably requested by an Applicable Lender to evidence such Lender s release of its security interest in the Collateral pledged to the foreclosing Applicable Lender that has been sold or otherwise disposed of. 
 (d) Each Lender agrees that it will not challenge or question or support any other Person in challenging or questioning in any proceeding the validity, attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien of any Applicable Lender under any Collateral Document or the validity or enforceability of the priorities, rights or duties with respect to the Collateral established by the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE IX AGENTS 
 9.01. Authorization and Authority . 
 (a) Each Lender and each other Agent hereby irrevocably appoints BNP Paribas to act on its behalf as the Calculation Agent and BNP Paribas, New York Branch, to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent, in each case hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes each Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Agent shall act solely as an agent of Lenders and any other Agent and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for the Borrower. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 (b) Each of the Agents hereby irrevocably appoints each Applicable Lender and each of the Agented Lenders of an Applicable Lender hereby irrevocably appoints each such Applicable Lender, in each case, as its collateral agent for the benefit of itself, each such Agented Lender and the Agents to act on its behalf for purposes of the Collateral Account Control Agreement to which it is a party, Section 8.03 and the Security Agreement and authorizes each Applicable Lender to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are contemplated by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Applicable Lender shall act solely as an agent of each of its Agented Lenders and each of the Agents (solely, in the case of each Agent, to the extent of such Applicable Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Obligations owing to such Agent in its capacity as an Agent and not as a Lender, Applicable Lender, Agented Lender or otherwise) and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any other obligation towards or fiduciary relationship or trust with or for the Borrower, any other Lender or any Agent. 

105 

(c) The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions, except as the same relate to the performance or observance of any of the provisions set forth in Section 9.06 , Section 9.08 and Section 9.11 , which are also for the benefit of, and are binding upon, the Borrower. 
 9.02. Agent Individually . 
 (a) Each Person serving as an Agent hereunder that is also a Lender shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not such Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include each Person serving as an Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not an Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 (b) Each Lender understands that each Person serving as an Agent, acting in its individual capacity, and its Affiliates (collectively, an Agent s Group are engaged in a wide range of financial services and businesses (including investment management, financing, securities trading, corporate and investment banking and research) (such services and businesses are collectively referred to in this Section 9.02 as Activities and may engage in the Activities with or on behalf of the Borrower or its Affiliates. Furthermore, an Agent s Group may, in undertaking the Activities, engage in trading in financial products or undertake other investment businesses for its own account or on behalf of others (including the Borrower and its Affiliates and including holding, for its own account or on behalf of others, equity, debt and similar positions in the Borrower or its Affiliates), including trading in or holding long, short or derivative positions in securities, loans or other financial products of one or more of the Borrower and its Affiliates. Each Lender understands and agrees that in engaging in the Activities, an Agent s Group may receive or otherwise obtain information concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates (including information concerning the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents) which information may not be available to any of the Lenders that are not members of an Agent s Group. No Agent nor any member of such Agent s Group shall have any duty to disclose to any Lender or use on behalf of the Lenders, and shall not be liable for the failure to so disclose or use, any information whatsoever about or derived from the Activities or otherwise (including any information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof) or to account for any revenue or profits obtained in connection with the Activities, except that an Agent shall deliver or otherwise make available to each Lender such documents as are expressly required by this Agreement to be transmitted by an Agent to the Lenders. 
 (c) Each Lender further understands that there may be situations where members of an Agent s Group or their respective customers (including the Borrower and its Affiliates) either now have or may in the future have interests or take actions that may conflict with the interests of any one or more of the Lenders (including the interests of the Lenders hereunder). Each Lender agrees that no member of an Agent s Group is or shall be required to restrict its 

106 

activities as a result of the Person serving as an Agent being a member of such Agent s Group, and that each member of an Agent s Group may undertake any Activities without further consultation with or notification to any Lender. None of (i) the Loan Documents, (ii) the receipt by an Agent s Group of information (including Information) concerning the Borrower or its Affiliates (including information concerning the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) nor (iii) any other matter shall give rise to any fiduciary, equitable or contractual duties (including any duty of trust or confidence) owing by an Agent or any member of such Agent s Group to any Lender including any such duty that would prevent or restrict an Agent s Group from acting on behalf of customers (including the Borrower or its Affiliates) or for its own account. 
 9.03. Duties of the Agents; Exculpatory Provisions . 
 (a) An Agent s duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are solely ministerial and administrative in nature and no Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein or therein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, an Agent (i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein) (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting); provided that an Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent or any of its Affiliates to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay (if any) under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. No Agent shall be required to expend or risk its own funds in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (b) No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.01 or Section 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or the event or events that give or may give rise to any Default or Event of Default unless and until the Borrower or any Lender shall have given notice to such Agent describing such Default or Event of Default and such event or events. 
 (c) No Agent nor any member of an Agent s Group shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty, representation or other information made or supplied in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 

107 

(ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith or the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of the information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms, conditions or provisions set forth herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, or as to the use of the proceeds of the Loans, or as to the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than (but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to an Agent. 
 (d) Nothing in this Agreement shall require an Agent or any of its Related Parties to carry out any know your customer or other checks in relation to any Person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Agents that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by an Agent or any of its Related Parties. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, no Agent, in its capacity as such, shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as such Agent hereunder or thereunder. 
 (f) If the Administrative Agent shall request instructions from the Required Lenders with respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received instructions from the Required Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, the Lenders shall not have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of its acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders. 
 9.04. Reliance by Agent . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any telephonic or electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of the Loans that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless an officer of an Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated hereby shall have received notice in writing to the contrary from such Lender (in accordance with Section 10.02 prior to the making of the Loans. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

108 

9.05. Delegation of Duties . An Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Documents by or through any one or more agents or sub agents appointed by such Agent, and such Agent and any such agent or sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties; provided that, in each case, that no such delegation to an agent, sub agent or a Related Party shall release an Agent from any of its obligations hereunder. Each such agent or sub agent and the Related Parties of an Agent and each such agent or sub agent shall be entitled to the exculpatory benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 (as though such Persons were an Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. An Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or sub agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such agent or sub agent. 
 9.06. Resignation of an Agent. An Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor in consultation with the Borrower (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank (x) with an office in New York, New York and (y) a combined capital surplus of 1,000,000,000. If a Person serving as an Agent is a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender, or, subject to the provisions of Section 2.09 , the Calculation Agent has failed to deliver a Collateral Shortfall Notice or any Agent that is not also a Lender hereunder has failed to act as required by the terms of this Agreement, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person, remove such Person as Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower (except when an Event of Default exists), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after any retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (such 30-day period, the Lender Appointment Period ), then such retiring Agent may appoint, on behalf of the Lenders, a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any such successor be a Defaulting Lender. In addition, and without any obligation on the part of the retiring Agent to appoint, on behalf of the Lenders, a successor Agent, a retiring Agent shall, at any time upon or after the end of the Lender Appointment Period, notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted appointment as successor Agent and of the effective date of such retiring Agent s resignation, which effective date shall be no earlier than three (3) Business Days after the date of such notice. Upon the resignation effective date established in such notice, or the date on which the Required Lenders remove an Agent as set forth above, and regardless of whether a successor Agent has been appointed and accepted such appointment, the retiring or removed Agent s resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective and (i) the retiring or removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations as an Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, but shall not be relieved of any of its obligations as a Lender, and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06 . Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as an Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties as an Agent of the retiring, retired or removed Agent (other 

109 

than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring, retired or removed Agent) and the retiring, retired or removed Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations as an Agent hereunder and/or under the other Loan Documents but shall not be relieved of any of its obligations as a Lender (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring, retired or removed Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring, retired or removed Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Agent was acting as an Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) if at any time a Lender is serving as an Agent and such Person ceases to be a Lender hereunder, such Person shall be deemed to have provided its notice of resignation as Agent, which notice shall be automatically effective as of the date such Person ceased to be a Lender hereunder and (b) if at any time a Person is serving as both the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent, if at any time such Person ceases to be either the Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent hereunder, such Person shall be deemed to have provided its notice of resignation as Calculation Agent or as Administrative Agent, respectively, in each case, which notice shall be automatically effective as of the date such Person ceased to be the Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent hereunder. 9.07. Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders . 
 (a) Each Lender confirms to the Agents, each other Lender and each of their respective Related Parties that it (i) possesses (individually or through its Related Parties) such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable, without reliance upon any of the Agents, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, of evaluating the merits and risks (including tax, legal, regulatory, credit, accounting and other financial matters) of (x) entering into this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, (y) making the Loans and (z) taking or not taking actions hereunder, (ii) is financially able to bear such risks and (iii) based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, has performed its own analysis and made its own decision (credit, legal and otherwise) that entering into this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and that the making of the Loans are suitable and appropriate for it. 
 (b) Each Lender acknowledges that (i) it is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agents, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, made its own appraisal and investigation of all risks associated with, and its own credit analysis and decision to enter into, this Agreement based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate and (iii) it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agents, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, continue to be solely responsible for making its own appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with, and its own decisions (credit, legal and otherwise) to take or not take action under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement 

110 

or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, which may include, in each case: 
 (i) the financial condition, status and capitalization of the Borrower; 
 (ii) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with this Agreement; 
 (iii) determining compliance or non-compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of the Loans and the form and substance of all evidence delivered in connection with establishing the satisfaction of each such condition; and 
 (iv) the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of any other information delivered by the Agents, any other Lender or by any of their respective Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with this Agreement. 
 9.08. Lenders Rights with Respect to Collateral . 
 (a) Each Lender (other than an Agented Lender), upon becoming a Lender hereunder, shall establish a Collateral Account with the Custodian. The Borrower (or in the case of any Lender taking pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, the applicable assignor) shall instruct the Custodian to transfer to such Collateral Account (or, in the case of an Agented Lender, to the relevant Applicable Lender s Collateral Account) such Lender s Ratable Share of the Collateral (including, ratably, the Pledged Shares and any other Collateral and, if applicable, any proceeds in respect of the Eligible Assignee s Ratable Share of the Collateral); provided that, in the case of an Agented Lender, if the relevant Applicable Lender is the assignor, such Agented Lender and Applicable Lender may agree to retain such Collateral in the existing Collateral Accounts or to transfer such Collateral to a new Collateral Account over which such Applicable Lender has, or purports to have, control. 
 (b) Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the parties hereto hereby agree that (i) after and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Applicable Lender shall have the right individually to require the Custodian to realize upon any of its Applicable Collateral and to apply the proceeds thereof to the repayment of such Applicable Lender s (and, ratably, its Agented Lenders , if applicable) portion of the Loans and other Obligations as provided in Section 6(g) of the Security Agreement and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by such Applicable Lender on its Applicable Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code), such Applicable Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Applicable Collateral at any such sale or other disposition, subject to Section 6(b) of the Security Agreement. 

111 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, each Lender shall (and, if such Lender is an Agented Lender, such Agented Lender shall instruct its Applicable Lender to) (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any other Lender) take such actions as shall be necessary and proper or reasonably requested by the Borrower to effect a release of such Lender s security interest in any Collateral, (i) subject to, and in accordance with, Section 7(n) of the Security Agreement, when all Obligations of such Lender (other than unmatured contingent indemnification obligations) have been paid in full and all Commitments of such Lender have terminated or expired or (ii) when such Collateral is expressly permitted to be released pursuant to Section 2.09 . 
 (d) Each Agent hereby further authorizes each Applicable Lender and each of the Agented Lenders of an Applicable Lender hereby further authorizes each such Applicable Lender, in each case, to enter into the Loan Documents as secured party on behalf of and for the benefit of itself, each of its Agented Lenders and each of the Agents (solely, in the case of each Agent, to the extent of such Applicable Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Obligations owing to such Agent in its capacity as an Agent and not as a Lender, Applicable Lender, Agented Lender or otherwise) and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Loan Documents. Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.10 , the Lenders and the Agents irrevocably authorize each Applicable Lender (as to its Applicable Collateral) and each Lender and each Agent irrevocably authorizes the Calculation Agent, at its option and in its discretion, as applicable, to release any Lien on any Collateral (i) upon termination of the aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) (or, in the case of any Applicable Lender, upon the termination of the aggregate Commitments held by, and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been made) owing to, such Applicable Lender and its Agented Lenders or Agents (solely, in the case of each Agent, to the extent of such Applicable Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Obligations owing to such Agent in its capacity as an Agent and not as a Lender, Applicable Lender, Agented Lender or otherwise), as applicable) or (ii) that is expressly permitted to be released pursuant to Section 2.09 . 
 9.09. Withholding Taxes . To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective or for any other reason, or if Administrative Agent reasonably determines that a payment was made to a Lender pursuant to this Agreement without deduction of applicable withholding Tax from such payment, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. 
 9.10. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loans shall then be due and 

112 

payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, but shall not be obligated, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other obligations that are owing and unpaid to the Agents or the Lenders under the Loan Documents and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Agents (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Agents and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Agents under the Loan Documents) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the obligations owed by the Borrower hereunder or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 9.11. Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party such Lender (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the Borrower, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the 

113 

Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 
 (i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 
 (ii) such Payment Recipient shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.11(b) . 
 (c) Each Payment Recipient hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower or any Loan Party shall continue to be deemed to have performed its payment obligations with respect to any amount subject to such set-off, netting or application pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any other Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Payment Recipient at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Tranche with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return 

114 

Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any other Payment Recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). No Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Secured Party under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower except to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds of the Borrower ; provided however the foregoing shall not apply if all or any portion of the Erroneous Payment includes funds of the Borrower or any of its respective affiliates or subsidiaries in an amount in excess of the amounts authorized or approved by the Borrower for such payment, in which case the Administrative Agent shall immediately commence actions in accordance with this Section 9.11 to recover the Erroneous Payment (or, if applicable, the portion of the Erroneous Payment that was not authorized by the Borrower). 
 (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

115 

(g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.01. Amendments, Etc . (a) No amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same (i) shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower and (ii) notice of such amendment, modification, waiver or consent, together with an executed copy of such amendment, modification waiver or consent, is provided to the Agents, and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that no amendment, modification, waiver or consent shall be effective if the effect thereof would be to: 
 (i) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment, modification or waiver that increases the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments and Loans permitted to be incurred hereunder shall require the consent of the Required Lenders (it being understood and agreed that this proviso shall not prohibit any Incremental Agreement in accordance with Section 2.15 (as in effect on the Closing Date and as amended with the consent of the Required Lenders)) ; 
 (ii) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or any Note without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders) ; 
 (iii) (x) amend, modify or waive any condition set forth in Section 4.02 (other than Section 4.02(d) as to any Borrowing of Revolving Loans without the written consent of each Revolving Lender (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders) , (y) amend, modify or waive any condition set forth in Section 4.02 (other than Section 4.02(d) as to any Borrowing of Additional Loans without the written consent of each Additional Lender (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders) or (z) amend, modify or waive the condition set forth in Section 4.02(d) without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that the waiver of any Default or the amendment, waiver or other modification of any representation, warranty, covenant or other provision of the Loan Documents (other than 

116 

Section 4.02 effected in accordance with this Section 10.01 shall not require the separate consent of the Additional Lenders); 
 (iv) waive, reduce or postpone any scheduled repayment or mandatory prepayment of a Loan or Note under Section 2.03 or Section 2.05 (but not voluntary prepayment) without the consent of the Lender holding such Loan or Note (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders); 
 (v) reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or any fee payable to any Lender hereunder without the consent of such affected Lender (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders); 
 (vi) extend the time for payment of any such interest or fees without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders); 
 (vii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (it being understood that any such amendment, modification or waiver shall not require the separate consent of any other Lenders, including the Required Lenders); 
 (viii) except as otherwise permitted under Section 1.02(d) , decrease the Minimum Price or increase the Maximum Share Number, the LTV Margin Call Level, the Initial LTV Level or the LTV Reset Level without the consent of each Lender; 
 (ix) (x) amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of this Section 10.01 or any other provision of this Agreement that specifies the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder or (y) change the definition of Required Lenders without the consent of each Lender; 
 (x) amend the definition of Ratable Share , Pro Rata Basis or Applicable Percentage , or change Section 2.12 or Section 2.14 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing required thereby, in each case, without the consent of each Lender; 
 (xi) amend, modify or waive Section 7.01 , Section 7.02 , Section 7.03 , Section 7.04(a) , Section 7.08 , Section 7.11 , Section 7.18 , or Section 7.19 without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (xii) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under any Loan Document without the consent of each Lender; or 
 (xiii) amend, modify or waive Section 2.09 without the consent of each Lender; 

117 

provided , further , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) upon the occurrence of any Issuer Merger Event, Spin-Off Event or Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent may, without the consent of any other party but in consultation with each other Lender, (i) make corresponding adjustments to one or more of the terms of the Loan Documents in an equitable manner as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to preserve for the Lenders the fair value of the Loans then in effect and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s), (B) if, following the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent, to the extent the Administrative Agent is a party to the applicable Loan Document, and/or the Calculation Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified an ambiguity, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent, to the extent the Administrative Agent is a party to the applicable Loan Document, and/or the Calculation Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision to correct such ambiguity, inconsistency, error or omission, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Documents if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof, (C) the Borrower and the Persons providing any Additional Loan Commitments may enter into any Incremental Agreement (and any amendments thereto) in accordance with Section 2.15 without the consent of any other Lender, (D) an alternate interest rate may be adopted in replacement of LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, as provided in the definition of LIBOR and (E) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than the Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. Any such adjustments pursuant to the immediately preceding proviso shall be binding on all parties to the Loan Documents (other than, in the case of the Collateral Account Control Agreement, the Custodian (unless the Custodian consents thereto)) and all such parties shall enter into such documentation required to reflect such adjustments. (b) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of Article IX as the same applies to any Agent, or any other provision hereof as the same applies to the rights or obligations of any Agent, in each case without the consent of such Agent. 
 10.02. Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile transmission, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given 

118 

by telephone shall be made to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 . 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been delivered, received or given (as applicable) when received; notices sent by facsimile transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered, received or given (as applicable) when sent (except that, if not delivered, received or given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been delivered, received or given (as applicable) at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to any Person hereunder or under the other Loan Documents may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by such Person. An Agent, a Lender or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications . 
 Unless a Person otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed delivered, received or given (as applicable) when sent provided that, if the sender receives electronic notification that the message containing such notice or other communication is undeliverable, such notice or other communication shall not be deemed delivered, received or given, as applicable); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered, received or given (as applicable) at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed delivered, received or given (as applicable) upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that if such notice or communication is not sent during normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed delivered, received or given upon the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Collateral Shortfall Notice, Borrowing Request, Voluntary Prepayment Notice, Mandatory Prepayment Notice, PIK Interest Election Notice, and any notice delivered pursuant to Section 2.09(e) and any notice of termination or reduction of Commitments may be delivered electronically. (c) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Borrower, an Agent and a Lender may change its address, facsimile number or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other party. 
 (d) Reliance . Each Lender and Agent shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices reasonably believed by it to have been given by or on behalf of the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Lenders, the Agents and each of their Related Parties from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice reasonably 

119 

believed by it to have been given by or on behalf of the Borrower in accordance with this Section 10.02 . All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with a Lender or an Agent may be recorded by such Lender or Agent and the Borrower hereby consents to such recording. 
 (e) The Platform . ANY ELECTRONIC PLATFORM PROVIDED BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS, FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall any Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or any Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet. 
 (f) The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the other Agents materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder, including, without limitation, any Communications (collectively, the Borrower Materials ), by posting the Borrower Materials on the Platform, (ii) the Agents and the Lenders are authorized to treat the Borrower Materials as not containing any material Non-public Information, and (iii) the Borrower Materials may be distributed to the Lenders and Agents through a portion of the Platform designated as Public Side Information . 
 10.03. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure by an Agent or a Lender to exercise, and no delay by an Agent or a Lender in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lenders, the Agents and their Affiliates (which, in the case of legal expenses, shall be limited to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single counsel selected together by the Agents and the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single special counsel to the Lenders and the Agents in each relevant specialty (in each case, except allocated costs of in-house counsel)) in connection with (A) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents provided that the Borrower s obligation to pay such documented counsel fees, charges and disbursements under this clause (A) shall be capped at [ ] in the aggregate for the 

120 

Amendment No. 4 and the other Loan Documents related thereto), (B) the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (C) the enforcement or protection of the rights of the Lenders, the Agents and their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including (I) the rights of the Lenders, the Agents and their Affiliates under this Section 10.04 or in connection with the Loans made hereunder and (II) all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Loans; provided that solely in the case of any actual or potential conflict of interest as determined by an affected Agent or Lender, such expenses may include the fees, charges and disbursements of one additional counsel (and one special counsel) for each similarly situated group of Agents and/or Lenders. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Lender, each Agent and each of their Related Parties (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (which, in the case of legal expenses, shall be limited to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single counsel for all Indemnitees and the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single special counsel for all Indemnitees in each relevant specialty (in each case except allocated costs of in-house counsel) for any of the foregoing); provided that solely in the case of any actual or potential conflict of interest as determined by the affected Indemnitee, such expenses may include the fees, charges and disbursements of one additional counsel for the affected Indemnitees as a whole incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the Loans or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, brought by any Person (including the Borrower and its Affiliates), and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available for (A) losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (I) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (II) a material breach under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by such Indemnitee (other than a material breach by the Administrative Agent) or disputes between and among Indemnitees (other than disputes against the Administrative Agent or any other Agent in such capacity or which involves an act or omission by the Borrower or its Affiliates) and (B) any settlement entered into by such person without the Borrower s written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (iv) any increased costs, compensation or net payments incurred by or owed to any Indemnitee to the extent addressed in Sections 3.03 , 3.04 or 3.05 , except to the extent set forth therein. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under clause (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid 

121 

by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to such Agent or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for such Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of Lenders under this clause (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.11(g) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each party hereto shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party or an Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the Loans or the use of the proceeds thereof. No party hereto or Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable by the Borrower on demand therefor. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in the first sentence of Section 2.10(a) , in Article III , in the penultimate sentence of Section 10.02(d) , in this Section 10.04 and in Section 10.05 shall survive the repayment of all Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 10.05. Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to an Agent or the Lenders (or an Agent on behalf of the Lenders), or a Lender or an Agent exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Lender or Agent in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred. 
 10.06. Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and a Lender may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of 

122 

this Section 10.06 , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (c) of this Section 10.06 or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (c) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees and Affiliates of the Lenders and the Agents) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 Assignments by a Lender . A Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees, all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Loans at the time owing to it or Commitments hereunder held by it at the time) pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that unless an Event of Default exists and is continuing or such assignment is to Lender or an Affiliate or Approved Fund of a Lender, such assignment shall be subject to the consent of the Borrower, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (and which will be deemed given with respect to the Lenders previously identified as acceptable by the Borrower in writing (with a copy to the Administrative Agent)) and each such assignment pursuant to this Section 10.06(b) shall be either (i) in an aggregate amount of not less than 10,000,000 or (ii) an assignment of all of a Lender s rights and obligations hereunder. From and after the effective date specified in the Assignment and Assumption, and subject to the recordation thereof in the Register pursuant to Section 2.10(a) , such Eligible Assignee shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Lender, have the rights and obligations of such Lender under this Agreement; provided that such Eligible Assignee shall not be entitled to receive greater amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 than those to which such Eligible Assignee s assignor would have been entitled, at the time of the assignment, had no such assignment been made, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the assignment was effected. Such Lender shall, to the extent of the interest so assigned, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment of all of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.03 , 3.04 , 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver new or replacement Notes to such Lender and the assignee (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), and shall execute and deliver any other documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to give effect to such assignment and to provide for the administration of this Agreement after giving effect thereto. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (c) of this Section 10.06 . Upon any assignment pursuant to this Section 10.06(b) , (I) the applicable Eligible Assignee shall execute and deliver to the Borrower, the Calculation Agent and the Administrative Agent a joinder to each of the Security Agreement and the Collateral Account Control Agreement (unless (x) such Eligible Assignee elects to be an Agented Lender in the Assignment and Assumption entered into by such Eligible Assignee or (y) such Eligible Assignee is an existing Lender and such joinders are not required as a result of the existing Security Agreement and Collateral Account Control Agreement) as set forth in the Security Agreement and the Collateral Account Control Agreement, respectively, and (II) the 

 123 

Borrower shall deliver to such assignee a Form U-1 or Form G-3 Purpose Statement or, if applicable, an amendment to a Form U-1 or Form G-3 Purpose Statement previously delivered to such assignee in its capacity as a Lender hereunder, duly executed by a Responsible Officer (in each case, unless such assignee has confirmed that it does not require either such form). Any Lender that assigns any or all of its Loans pursuant to this Section 10.06(b) shall (unless and for so long as the applicable Eligible Assignee elects to be an Agented Lender) cooperate in good faith with the Agents to effect transfers of Collateral to Collateral Accounts under the control of such Eligible Assignee, including, for the avoidance of doubt, by submitting written instructions to the Custodian to effect the relevant transfers, and the assigning Lender and such Eligible Assignee hereby consent to such transfers. The Borrower hereby agrees to execute any such documents that may be reasonably requested to effect such transfers. The Administrative Agent shall acknowledge an assignment reasonably promptly upon receipt of an Assignment and Assumption that is executed by the Borrower (except where such assignment is not subject to the consent of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 10.06(b) and such Assignment and Assumption so specifies, which such specification may be relied upon by the Administrative Agent without further inquiry). (b) Participations . A Lender may at any time, with the prior written consent of the Borrower (unless an Event of Default exists and is continuing or such participation is to Lender or an Affiliate or Approved Fund of a Lender), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, sell participations to any Eligible Assignee (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the portion of any Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the Borrower, the other Lenders and the Administrative Agent for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that would require the consent of all of the Lenders or such Lender. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 and 3.03 (subject to the limitations and requirements of those Sections) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 ; provided that the Participant (A) shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 to the extent of any Taxes imposed as a result of such Participant s failure to provide the forms required under Section 3.01(g) if it were a Lender (it being understood that the Participant shall provide such forms to the participating Lender instead of the Borrower), (B) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.05 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section, and (C) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.03 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.05(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.12 as though it were a 

124 

Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and, to the extent the Borrower is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of the Borrower s regarded owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes), maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in the Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that the Loans or such other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) Certain Pledges . A Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under a Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank. 
 (d) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Ratable Share of the Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this subsection (e), then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 (e) Delegation of Duties . Any Lender may perform all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers (including any such duties, rights and powers as an Applicable Lender, if applicable) by or through its Related Parties, and such delegation shall not, by itself, constitute an assignment; provided that no such delegation shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. 
 10.07. Confidentiality . The Lenders and the Agents agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to any other 

125 

Lender or Agent or their respective Affiliates and to their and their Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (and its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower, (h) to the Custodian in its capacity as such or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07 or (y) becomes available to a Lender or Agent or any of their Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower . For purposes of this Section 10.07 , Information means all information received from or on behalf of the Borrower or the Parent relating to the Borrower or the Parent, other than any such information that is available to a Lender or Agent on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or the Parent or which is public information. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 10.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any of its Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or its Affiliates shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or any such Affiliate different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.13(b) and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of a Lender and its Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including 

126 

other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 10.09. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If a Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of such Lender s portion of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Lender may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude Voluntary Prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations. 
 10.10. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto (including, without limitation, each Person that is a Lender on the Closing Date, the Calculation Agent and the Borrower). Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any certificate delivered hereunder or thereunder, via telecopy or email (e.g., pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or certificate; provided that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 10.11. Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Lenders and the Agents, regardless of any investigation made by any Lender or Agent or on its behalf and notwithstanding that any Lender or Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Loan, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 
 10.12. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, 

127 

invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 10.13. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc . (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE, COUNTY AND CITY OF NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SUBSECTION (b) OF THIS SECTION 10.13 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

128 

10.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). 10.15. USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender and Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into Law October 26, 2001)) (the USA PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. The Borrower agrees to provide such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by such Lender or Agent in order to assist such Lender or Agent in maintaining compliance with its procedures, the USA PATRIOT Act and any other applicable Laws. 
 10.16. Bankruptcy Code . The parties hereto agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, this Agreement is a securities contract as such term is defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code, qualifying for protection under Section 555 of the Bankruptcy Code; all deliveries and transfers of cash, securities or other property and all payments and grants of security interests made or required to be made under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or contemplated hereby or thereby are transfers made and margin payments or settlement payments made by or to (or for the benefit of) a financial institution (each as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) within the meaning of Sections 362(b)(6) and/or (27) and Sections 546(e) and/or 546(j) of the Bankruptcy Code; and all obligations under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent obligations in respect of termination values , payment amounts or other transfer obligations within the meaning of Sections 362 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 10.17. No Recourse to Affiliates of Borrower . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT ANY AMOUNTS OWED, OR CLAIMS OR LIABILITIES INCURRED BY, THE BORROWER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, SHALL BE SATISFIED FROM THE ASSETS OF THE BORROWER, AND NO RECOURSE WHETHER BY SETOFF OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE HAD TO THE ASSETS OF ANY DIRECTOR, OFFICER, EMPLOYEE, SHAREHOLDER, INVESTMENT MANAGER, MEMBER, INDEPENDENT MANAGER OR LIMITED OR GENERAL PARTNER OF THE BORROWER, OR OF ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE LOANS ARE MADE WITH FULL RECOURSE TO THE BORROWER AND CONSTITUTE DIRECT, GENERAL, UNCONDITIONAL AND UNSUBORDINATED INDEBTEDNESS OF THE BORROWER. 
 10.18. Conflicts . The parties acknowledge that (a) there is no hedging arrangement relating to any Loan between any Lender or any of its Affiliates on one hand and the Borrower or 

129 

any of its Affiliates on the other hand, (b) there is no understanding between any Lender or any of its Affiliates on one hand and the Borrower or any of its Affiliates on the other hand regarding any hedging related to any Loan by any Lender or its Affiliates and (c) there is no arrangement or understanding for any Lender or its Affiliates to provide, and each Lender agrees not to provide and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its Affiliates not to provide, the Borrower with any information regarding how, when or whether such Lender or its Affiliates hedges, or will hedge, any Loan; provided that neither the Borrower nor any Affiliate of the Borrower will request such information from the Lender or any Affiliate of the Lender. The Borrower will not seek to control or influence how, when or whether Lender will make any purchases or sales (within the meaning of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B)(3) under the Exchange Act) under any Loan entered into under this Agreement, including any Lender s decision to enter into any hedging transactions or to conduct foreclosure sales of any shares of Pledged Shares made in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents. The Borrower acknowledges that: (i) during the term of the Loans, any Lender and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to establish, adjust or unwind its hedge position with respect to its portion of the Loans; (ii) any Lender and its affiliates may also be active in the market for the Shares other than in connection with any hedging activities in relation to its portion of the Loans; (iii) any Lender shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities in Shares or other securities shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate; and (iv) any market activities of any Lender and its affiliates with respect to the Shares may affect the market price and volatility of the Shares, as well as the LTV Ratio, each in a manner that may be adverse to the Borrower. 10.19. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . The words execute , execution , signed , signature and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, any Assignment and Assumption, amendment or other modification, Borrowing Request, waiver or consent) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 
 10.20. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that: (a)(i) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, (ii) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and 

130 

accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) each of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person, and (ii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent or any of the Lenders has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) each of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any of the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, each of the Lenders or their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 10.21. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 [ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank ] 

 131 

[SIGNATURE PAGES INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

 132 

SCHEDULE 10.02 TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES BORROWER: LBC Cheetah 6, LLC, as the Borrower 12300 Liberty Boulevard Englewood, Colorado 80112 Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Facsimile No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with a copy to: LBC Cheetah 6, LLC, as the Borrower 12300 Liberty Boulevard Englewood, Colorado 80112 Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Facsimile No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Authorized persons for telephonic notices: [Separately provided]. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: BNP Paribas, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent BNP Paribas [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with a copy to: [Separately provided] Strategic Equity Solutions BNP Paribas [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] 

CALCULATION AGENT: [Separately provided] Strategic Equity Solutions BNP Paribas [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] LENDERS: BNP Paribas [Separately provided] Strategic Equity Solutions BNP Paribas [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Mizuho Bank, Ltd. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] With copies to: Mizuho Securities USA LLC [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Mizuho Securities USA LLC [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada 

[Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with copies to: Royal Bank of Canada [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch SEF Trading [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Facsimile No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch Structured Equity Financing [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Facsimile No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] MUFG Union Bank, N.A. MUFG Union Bank, N.A. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America, N.A. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with a copy to: 

Bank of America, N.A. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce [Separately provided] [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with copies to: Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Citibank, N.A. Citibank, N.A. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch c/o Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] With a copy to: [Separately provided] Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] 

with copies to: Morgan Stanley Co. LLC [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] In each case, with copies to the following: [Separately provided] Soci t G n rale Soci t G n rale [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] with a copy to the following email addresses: [Separately provided] UBS AG, London Branch UBS AG, London Branch [Separately provided] Attention: [Separately provided] Telephone No.: [Separately provided] Email: [Separately provided] 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-21>
 3
 lbrda-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 As of December 31, 2022 A table of subsidiaries of Liberty Broadband Corporation is set forth below, indicating as to each the state or jurisdiction of organization and the names under which such subsidiaries do business. Subsidiaries not included in the table are inactive or, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Entity Name Domicile Alaska United Fiber System Partnership AK BBN, Inc. AK Bortek, LLC DE Broadband Holdco, LLC DE Celebrate Interactive LLC (fka Celebrate Interactive Holdings, LLC) DE Communication Capital, LLC (fka Communication Capital Corp.) DE Cycle30, Inc. AK Denali Media Anchorage, Corp. AK Denali Media Holdings, Corp. AK Denali Media Juneau, Corp. AK Denali Media Southeast, Corp. AK GCI Cable, Inc. AK GCI Communication Corp. AK GCI Fiber Communication Co., Inc. AK GCI Holdings, LLC DE GCI NADC LLC AK GCI SADC LLC AK GCI Wireless Holdings, LLC AK GCI, LLC DE Grizzly Merger Sub 1, LLC DE Integrated Logic, LLC AK Kodiak-Kenai Cable Company, LLC AK Kodiak Kenai Fiber Link, Inc. AK LBC Cheetah 1, LLC DE LBC Cheetah 5, LLC DE LBC Cheetah 6, LLC DE LMC Cheetah 1, LLC DE LMC Cheetah 4, LLC DE LMC Social, LLC DE LV Bridge, LLC DE Potter View Development Co., Inc. AK Provide Gifts, Inc. DE Supervision, Inc. AK The Alaska Wireless Network, LLC DE Unicom, Inc. AK United Utilities, Inc. AK United2, LLC AK United-KUC, Inc. AK Ventures Holdco, LLC DE 

Ventures Holdco II, LLC DE Yukon Tech, Inc. AK Yukon Telephone Company, Inc. AK 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 lbrda-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements Nos. 333-200436, 333-200438, 333-233258, and 333-251570) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-251569) on Form S-3/ASR of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Liberty Broadband Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 lbrda-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2
 
 A42.3 Alternative consent when the registration statement contains or incorporates financial statements of more than one entity or reports of more than one auditor 
 Exhibit 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement Nos. 333-200436, 333-200438, 333-233258 and 333-251570 on Form S-8 and No. 333-251569 on Form S-3ASR of Liberty Broadband Corporation of our report dated January 26, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Charter Communications, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting which report is incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K of Liberty Broadband Corporation dated February 17, 2023. /s/ KPMG LLP St. Louis, Missouri February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 lbrda-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Gregory B. Maffei, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Liberty Broadband Corporation, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 6 

Date: February 17, 2023 /s/ GREGORY B. MAFFEI Gregory B. Maffei President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 lbrda-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Brian J. Wendling, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Liberty Broadband Corporation, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 lbrda-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Liberty Broadband Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 17, 2023 /s/ GREGORY B. MAFFEI Gregory B. Maffei President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: February 17, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 lbrda-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 lbrda-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 lbrda-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 lbrda-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

