<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_883984_0000883984-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17548334</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>481340</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2713059</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6177049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4246210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3597520</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000883984-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227173130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000883984-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		152
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ICU MEDICAL INC/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883984
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				330022692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34634
		FILM NUMBER:		23676854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		951 CALLE AMANECER
		CITY:			SAN CLEMENTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92763-6212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-366-2183

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		951 CALLE AMANECER
		CITY:			SAN CLEMENTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92763-6212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000883984-23-000009.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 icui-20221231.htm
 10-K

icui-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File No. 
 
 ICU MEDICAL, INC. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered (Global Select Market) 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. o Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company," in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Small reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of registrant s common stock, .10 par value, as of January 31, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ICU Medical, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 37 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 40 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 57 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 108 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 109 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 111 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 112 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 112 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 112 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 113 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 116 
 Signatures 
 116 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 Various portions of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and documents referenced herein, describe trends in our business and finances that we perceive and state some of our expectations and beliefs about our future. These statements about the future are forward looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we may identify them by using words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "will," "continue," "could," "may," and by similar expressions and statements about aims, goals and plans. The forward looking statements are based on the best information currently available to us and assumptions that we believe are reasonable, but we do not intend the statements to be representations as to future results. They include, without limitation, statements about: 
 
 future growth; future operating results and financial condition (including, among other things, anticipated sales; accruals for restructuring charges, production costs; gross margins; litigation expense; future SG A and R D expenses; manufacturing expenses; our expectations regarding liquidity and capital resources over the next twelve months; source of funds for capital purchases and operations; future tax rates; alternative sources of capital or financing; changes in working capital items such as receivables and inventory; and income taxes); 
 
 factors affecting our operating results, such as the impact of an increase in shipping costs; loss of a strategic relationship; change in demand for our products; domestic and international sales; expansion in international markets, future increases or decreases in sales of certain products and in certain markets and distribution channels; maintaining strategic relationships and securing long-term and multi-product contracts with large healthcare providers and major buying organizations; increases in systems capabilities; introduction, development and sales of new products; benefits of our products over competing systems; qualification of our new products for the expedited Section 510(k) clearance procedure; possibility of lengthier clearance process for new products; planned increases in marketing; warranty claims; rebates; product returns; bad debt expense; amortization expense; inventory requirements; lives of property, plant and equipment; manufacturing efficiencies and cost savings; unit manufacturing costs; establishment or expansion of production facilities inside or outside of the U.S.; planned new orders for semi-automated or fully automated assembly machines for new products; adequacy of production capacity; our plans to repurchase shares of our common stock; asset impairment losses; relocation of manufacturing facilities and personnel; effect of expansion of manufacturing facilities on production efficiencies and resolution of production inefficiencies; the effect of costs to customers and delivery times; business seasonality and fluctuations in quarterly results; customer ordering patterns and the effects of new accounting pronouncements; and 
 
 new or extended contracts with manufacturers and buying organizations; dependence on a small number of customers; loss of larger distributors and the ability to locate other distributors; the outcome of our strategic initiatives; regulatory approvals and compliance; outcome of litigation; patent protection and intellectual property landscape; patent infringement claims and the impact of newly issued patents on other medical devices; competitive and market factors, including continuing development of competing products by other manufacturers; improved production processes and higher volume production; innovation requirements; consolidation of the healthcare provider market and downward pressure on selling prices; distribution or financial capabilities of competitors; healthcare reform legislation; foreign exchange risk; commodity price risk; plans to convert existing space; acquisitions of other businesses or product lines. 
 
 the impact of acquisitions, including our recently completed acquisition of the Smiths Medical business and the integration of acquired businesses and product lines (including the Smiths Medical business). 
 
 The forward looking statements in this report on Form 10-K are only predictions and are based largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may effect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described under the sections in this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Summary Risk Factors, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for 

management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 

Risk Factors Summary 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our securities. Principal risks and uncertainties include: 
 
 We are dependent on single and limited source third-party suppliers, which subjects our business and results of operations to risks of supplier business interruptions, and a loss or degradation in performance in our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Damage to any of our manufacturing facilities or disruption to our supply chain network could impair our ability to produce our products. 
 
 Prolonged periods of inflation, rising interest rates and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates as a result of the current global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted how we, our suppliers and our customers operate and the duration, and the extent to which this will impact our business, future results of operations, liquidity and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 
 
 Significant sales through distributors expose us to risks that could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies or expense reductions associated with cost reduction and restructuring efforts and may experience a decline in our profitability, business disruptions or other adverse consequences to our business as a result. 
 
 If we are unable to compete successfully with our competitors, we may be unable to maintain market share, in which case our sales may not grow and our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
 Product development requires substantial investment that may be difficult for us to fund and may be challenging to recover through commercial product sales. 
 
 If demand for our products were to decline significantly, we might not be able to recover the cost of our expensive automated molding and assembly equipment and tooling, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Continuing pressures to reduce healthcare costs and inadequate coverage and reimbursement may adversely affect our prices. If we cannot reduce manufacturing costs of existing and new products to counteract such pricing pressures, our sales may not grow and our profitability may decline. 
 
 Failure to protect our information technology systems against security breaches, service interruptions, or misappropriation of data could disrupt operations, compromise sensitive data, and expose us to liability, possibly causing our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA, other government agencies or notified bodies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain, or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, cleared, approved, certified, or commercialized in a timely manner, or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with foreign, federal, and state data privacy and security laws, regulations and standards may adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance. 

We are subject to certain fraud and abuse and transparency laws, which, if violated, could subject us to substantial penalties. Additionally, any challenge to or investigation into our practices under these laws could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to, and thus could harm our business. 
 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to defend and enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, if our products are found to infringe patents or other proprietary rights owned by others or if the cost to protect our patents or other proprietary rights becomes excessive or as our patents expire. 
 
 Our operations may be adversely impacted by our exposure to risks related to foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Any significant changes in U.S. trade, tax or other policies that restrict imports or increase import tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 International sales pose additional risks related to competition with larger international companies and established local companies and our possibly higher cost structure. 
 
 The Smiths Medical acquisition completed in January 2022 has resulted in organizational changes and significant growth to our business. If we fail to effectively manage this growth and change to our business in a manner that preserves our reputation with customers and the key aspects of our corporate culture, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 The actual impact of the Smiths Medical acquisition on our financial results may be worse than the assumptions we have used. 
 
 As a result of the Smiths Medical acquisition, we have used a significant portion of our cash on hand and incurred a substantial amount of debt to finance the cash consideration portion and certain other amounts paid in connection with the Smiths Medical acquisition, which could adversely affect our business, including by restricting our ability to engage in additional transactions or incur additional indebtedness. 
 
 See Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the detailed discussion of the above risk factors. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 First person pronouns used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such as we, us, and our, refer to ICU Medical, Inc. ICU and its subsidiaries unless context requires otherwise. 
 
 Company Background and Overview of Business 
 
 ICU develops, manufactures and sells innovative medical products used in infusion therapy, vascular access, and vital care applications. ICU's product portfolio includes ambulatory, syringe, and large volume IV pumps and safety software; dedicated and non-dedicated IV sets, needlefree IV connectors, peripheral IV catheters, and sterile IV solutions; closed system transfer devices and pharmacy compounding systems; as well as a range of respiratory, anesthesia, patient monitoring, and temperature management products. 
 
 Headquartered in San Clemente, California, ICU was founded in 1984. Our primary customers are acute care hospitals, wholesalers, ambulatory clinics and alternate site facilities, such as outpatient clinics, home health care providers, and long-term care facilities. Since our inception we have grown organically and through acquisition. 
 
 In February 2017, we acquired Pfizer Inc. s Pfizer Hospira Infusion Systems HIS business. The HIS acquisition complemented our legacy non-dedicated infusion sets and oncology business by expanding our product portfolio to include a complete intravenous infusion therapy product-line from IV solutions to IV pumps to non-dedicated infusion sets. 
 
 In November 2019, we acquired Pursuit Vascular, Inc. Pursuit ). Pursuit was a privately-held medical device company with a primary focus on innovative catheter disinfecting products and technologies to reduce costly bloodstream infections and lower healthcare costs. Pursuit s primary product is the ClearGuard HD cap, which is used for the maintenance of hemodialysis catheters. 
 
 In January 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical 2020 Limited Smiths Medical ), the holding company of Smiths Group plc s global medical device business. The Smiths Medical acquisition complemented and broadened our preexisting product portfolio by adding syringe and ambulatory infusion devices, vascular access, and vital care products, and significantly strengthened and expanded our global market reach. 
 
 Products 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our primary product offerings are listed below. Our product offerings related to our Smiths Medical acquisition are listed separately as we integrate that business. 
 
 Infusion Consumables 
 
 Infusion therapy sets, used in hospitals and ambulatory clinics, consist of a tube running from a bottle or plastic bag containing a solution to a catheter inserted in a patient s vein, that may or may not be used with an IV pump. Closed System Transfer Devices CSTD and hazardous drug compounding systems are used to prepare and deliver hazardous IV medications such as those used in chemotherapy, which, if released, can have harmful effects to the healthcare worker and environment. Our primary products include: 
 
 Clave needlefree products, including the MicroClave, MicroClave Clear, and NanoClave brand of connectors, accessories, extension and administration sets used for the administration of IV fluids and medications and the Neutron catheter patency device, used to help maintain patency of central venous catheters; 
 
 ChemoLock TM CSTD, which utilizes a proprietary needlefree connection method, is used for the preparation and administration of hazardous drugs. ChemoLock is used to limit the escape of hazardous drug or vapor concentrations, block the transfer of environmental contaminants into the system, and eliminates the risk of needlestick injury; and 
 
 ChemoClave TM , an ISO Connection standard and universally compatible CSTD used for the preparation and administration of hazardous drugs. ChemoClave utilizes standard ISO luer locking connections, making it 
 1 

compatible with all brands of needlefree connectors and pump delivery systems. ChemoClave also is used to limit the escape of hazardous drug or vapor concentrations, block the transfer of environmental contaminants into the system, and eliminate the risk of needlestick injury. 
 
 The preparation of hazardous drugs typically takes place in a pharmacy where drugs are removed from vials and prepared for delivery to a patient. Those prepared drugs are then transferred to a nursing unit where the chemotherapy is administered via an infusion pump set to a patient. Components of the ChemoClave and ChemoLock product lines are used both in pharmacies and on the nursing floors for the preparation and administration of hazardous drugs. 
 
 Infusion Systems 
 
 We offer a wide range of infusion pumps, dedicated IV sets, software and professional services. Our primary Infusion System products are dedicated IV sets and the following: 
 
 Infusion Pump Hardware: 
 
 Plum 360 : The Plum 360 infusion pump is an ICU Medical MedNet ready large volume infusion pump with an extensive drug library and wireless capability. Plum 360 was named the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2022 Best in KLAS winner as top-performing IV smart pump and was the first medical device to be awarded UL Cybersecurity Assurance Program Certification. Also, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Plum 360 won the award as the top-performing Smart Pump EMR-Integrated. 
 
 IV Medication Safety Software: 
 
 ICU Medical MedNet : ICU Medical MedNet is an enterprise-class medication management platform for any sized healthcare system that can help reduce medication errors, improve quality of care, streamline workflows and maximize revenue capture. ICU Medical MedNet connects our industry-leading smart pumps to a hospital s EHR, asset tracking systems, and alarm notification platforms with the largest array of integration partners. 
 
 Professional Services: 
 
 In addition to the products above, our teams of clinical, information technology, and professional services experts work with customers to develop and deliver safe and efficient infusion systems, providing customized and personalized configuration, implementation, and data analytics services to complement our infusion hardware and software. 
 
 IV Solutions 
 
 We provide a broad portfolio of IV solutions to meet our customers clinical needs, providing a consistent supply of IV solutions, irrigation, and nutritionals to help provide safe and effective patient care. Our primary IV Solutions products are: 
 
 IV Therapy and Diluents: 
 
 Including Sodium Chloride, Dextrose, Balanced Electrolyte Solutions, Lactated Ringer s, Ringer s, Mannitol, Sodium Chloride/Dextrose and Sterile Water. 
 
 Irrigation: 
 
 Including Sodium Chloride Irrigation, Sterile Water Irrigation, Physiologic Solutions, Ringer s Irrigation, Acetic Acid Irrigation, Glycine Irrigation, Sorbitol-Mannitol Irrigation, Flexible Containers and Pour Bottle Options. 
 
 Critical Care 
 
 Our Critical Care products help clinicians get accurate real-time access to patients hemodynamic and cardiac status with an extensive portfolio of monitoring systems and advanced sensors catheters. Measurements provided by our systems help clinicians determine how well the heart is pumping blood and how efficiently oxygen from the blood is being used by the tissues. Our primary Critical Care products are: 
 2 

Cogent 2-in-1 hemodynamic monitoring system; 
 CardioFlo hemodynamic monitoring system; 
 TDQ and OptiQ cardiac output monitoring catheters; 
 TriOx TM venous oximetry catheters; 
 Transpac blood pressure transducers; and 
 SafeSet closed blood sampling and conservation system. 
 
 Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical 
 
 We offer a wide range of infusion pumps, disposables and safety software for use in both hospital and home settings. These products participate in adjacent categories to the legacy ICU Medical Infusion Systems product line. The primary Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical products are: 
 
 Ambulatory Infusion Hardware: 
 
 CADD ambulatory infusion pumps and disposables, including administration sets and medication cassette reservoirs, support a variety of IV pain management therapies across clinical care areas from hospital to outpatient treatment. 
 
 Syringe Infusion Hardware: 
 
 Medfusion TM syringe infusion pumps are designed for the administration of fluids and medication requiring precisely controlled infusion rates from a variety of syringe sizes in acute care settings. 
 
 Infusion Software: 
 
 PharmGuard Medication Safety Software for MedfusionTM 4000 syringe and CADD Solis pumps allows for customized drug libraries to support the standardization of protocols for medication administration throughout the facility. 
 
 Vascular Access-Smiths Medical 
 
 Our Vascular Access-Smiths Medical products allow clinicians to safely access the patients bloodstream to deliver fluids and medication or to obtain blood samples. Vascular Access products are often used in conjunction with Consumables and Infusion Systems devices. Our primary Vascular Access products are: 
 
 Jelco safety and conventional peripheral IV catheters, sharps safety devices for hypodermic injection, and venipuncture blood collection and peripheral IV catheters designed to help prevent needlestick injury and to reduce the risks associated with blood exposure and contamination while reducing patients risk of infection; 
 
 DELTEC implantable ports and GRIPPER non-coring needles for portal access; 
 
 Portex arterial blood sampling syringes, anesthesia trays and kits for pain management; 
 
 Powerwand midline catheters; and 
 
 MEDEX LogiCal Pressure Monitoring System and components. 
 
 Vital Care-Smiths Medical 
 
 We offer a range of devices and systems to maintain patients airways and body temperature before, during and after surgery. Our primary Vital Care products are: 
 
 Level 1 temperature management systems used in perioperative and critical care settings to help monitor and regulate patient temperature through rapid infusion, routine blood and fluid warming, irrigation warming and convective warming. 
 
 3 

Portex acapella bronchial hygiene products used to mobilize pulmonary secretions to facilitate the opening of airways in patients with chronic respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ("COPD"), asthma and cystic fibrosis. 
 
 Portex Bivona tracheostomy tubes in PVC and silicone construction that provide a secure airway for both surgical and percutaneous procedures. Our silicone tracheostomy tubes are customizable to accommodate unique patient requirements. 
 
 Financial information relating to our reporting segment and primary product lines is set forth in Part II, Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in the United States, Costa Rica, Mexico, and Czech Republic. See Part I, Item 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We also rely on certain outside manufacturers for certain product lines in Infusion Systems and we leverage a long-term supply agreement with Pfizer (described below) to provide additional IV Solution products to us. 
 
 In 2017, we entered into two Manufacturing and Supply Agreements ("MSAs") with Pfizer under which, (i) Pfizer agreed to manufacture and supply us with certain agreed upon products for an initial five-year term with a one-time two-year option to extend and (ii) we agreed to manufacture and supply Pfizer certain agreed upon products for a term of five or ten years depending on the product, with a one-time two-year option to extend. The initial supply price under each MSA is annually updated and is in full consideration for all costs associated with the manufacture, documentation, packaging and certification of the products. In January 2021, we amended our MSA with Pfizer whereby we agreed to manufacture and supply certain agreed upon products to Pfizer. The amendment included a change to the term of the agreement to end on December 31, 2024 with Pfizer's unilateral election to extend through December 31, 2025. Other changes included (i) changes to our level of supply of products to Pfizer, (ii) certain changes to our manufacturing lines, (iii) updates to our supply price with added volume price tiers for annual periods and (iv) certain minimum purchase requirements for certain products. On February 1, 2022, effective as of January 1, 2022, upon our request, Pfizer executed a Product Addendum (the "Product Addendum") to our MSA agreement whereby Pfizer agreed to manufacture and supply to us certain agreed upon products subject to certain time and pricing terms and conditions. The Product Addendum expired on November 30, 2022. 
 
 We operate regional device service centers, in a number of locations, including Salt Lake City, Utah, U.S., Sligo, Ireland; San Laurent, Quebec, Canada; Taipei, Taiwan and Rydalmere, Australia. See Part I, Item 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 We purchase many of the components and raw materials used in manufacturing our products from numerous suppliers in various countries. Certain components and raw materials are available only from a single supplier.We currently attempt to manage the risk associated with such suppliers by means of inventory management, relationship management and evaluation of alternative sources when feasible.See Item 1A. Risk Factors - We are dependent on single and limited source third-party suppliers, which subjects our business and results of operations to risks of supplier business interruptions, and a loss or degradation in performance in our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Sales, Marketing and Administration 
 
 We sell globally through our own direct sales force and through independent distributors. We currently serve customers in over 100 countries throughout the world. The majority of our sales is denominated in United States ("U.S.") dollars and we have sales denominated in Euros, Canadian dollars, Japanese Yen, British Pound and Australian dollars as well as other currencies. In 2022, we had worldwide net sales to Medline of 15 of consolidated net sales. In 2021 and 2020, we did not have sales over 10 to any single customer. 
 
 Distribution 
 
 4 

Our products are marketed and distributed in the U.S. and internationally to medical product manufacturers, independent distributors and directly to end users. 
 
 The distribution of our products in the U.S. is supported by a network of owned and leased distribution centers, which include King of Prussia, Pennsylvania; Los Angeles, California; Dallas, Texas and Olive Branch, Mississippi. We also utilize a number of public warehouses as part of our supply chain. 
 
 Internationally, we manage distribution by utilizing international regional hubs and through independent distributors. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our products and operations are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") and other federal, state and local authorities, as well as foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, approval, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting and import and export of drug products, medical devices and combination drug/device products in the U.S. to assure the safety and effectiveness of such medical products for their intended uses and otherwise meet the applicable requirements of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDC Act ). The Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") also regulates the advertising of our products. Further, we are subject to laws directed at preventing fraud and abuse, which subject our sales and marketing, training and other practices to government scrutiny. 
 
 Medical Device Regulation in the U.S. 
 
 The majority of our products are regulated by the FDA as medical devices in the U.S. Unless an exemption applies, each new or significantly modified medical device we seek to commercially distribute in the U.S. will require either a pre-market notification to the FDA requesting permission for commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the FDC Act, also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, or approval from the FDA of a pre-market approval ("PMA") application. Under the FDC Act, medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are those that pose the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA's General Controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the applicable portions of current good manufacturing practices ("cGMPs") for medical devices known as the Quality System Regulation ("QSR"), facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. Class II devices are subject to the FDA's General Controls, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life sustaining, life supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or use advanced technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed into Class III. 
 
 Manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to obtain from the FDA a 510(k) clearance for permission to commercially distribute the device. Class III devices require approval of a PMA application evidencing safety and effectiveness of the device. 
 
 Under the 510(k) process, applicants must demonstrate to the FDA that the device is as safe and effective as, or substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device, the "predicate" device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to pre-market approval, i.e., a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. Applicants must submit performance data to establish substantial equivalence. In some instances, data from human clinical trials must also be submitted in support of a 510(k) pre-market notification. If so, these data must be collected in a manner that conforms to the applicable Investigational Device Exemption ("IDE") regulations. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a lawfully marketed predicate device, it will grant 510(k) clearance to authorize the device for commercialization. If the FDA determines that the device is "not substantially equivalent," the device is automatically designated as a Class III device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements, or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo classification process, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. 
 
 After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, PMA approval or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), de novo classification request or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can 
 5 

review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination not to seek a new 510(k) or other form of marketing authorization for the modification to the 510(k)-cleared product, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained or a de novo classification is granted. 
 
 In the PMA application process, the applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that the device is safe and effective for its intended use. This approval process applies to most Class III devices, and generally requires clinical data to support the safety and effectiveness of the device, obtained in adherence with IDE requirements. Following receipt of a PMA application, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDC Act to complete its review of a PMA, although in practice, the FDA's review often takes significantly longer, and can take up to several years. An advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. The FDA may or may not accept the panel's recommendation. In addition, the FDA will generally conduct a pre-approval inspection of the applicant or its third-party manufacturers' or suppliers' facilities to ensure compliance with the QSR. The FDA will approve the new device for commercial distribution if it determines that the data and information in the PMA constitute valid scientific evidence and that there is reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). The FDA may approve a PMA with post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution, and collection of long-term follow-up data from patients in the clinical study that supported PMA approval or requirements to conduct additional clinical studies post-approval. Certain changes to an approved device, such as changes in manufacturing facilities, methods, or quality control procedures, or changes in the design performance specifications, which affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, require submission of a PMA supplement, or in some cases a new PMA. 
 
 After a device is cleared or approved or otherwise authorized for marketing, numerous pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply unless explicitly exempt. These include: 
 
 establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; 
 
 QSR requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process; 
 
 clearance or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of cleared devices; 
 
 medical device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device it markets may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; 
 
 correction, removal and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDC Act that may present a risk to health; 
 
 complying with requirements governing Unique Device Identifiers on devices and also requiring the submission of certain information about each device to the FDA's Global Unique Device Identification Database; 
 
 the FDA's recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; and 
 
 post-market surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary to protect public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 
 
 Drug Regulation in the U.S. 
 
 Certain of our IV solutions products are regulated by the FDA as drugs. In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the FDC Act, and its implementing regulations, and biologics under the FDC Act and its implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following: 
 
 6 

completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA's Good Laboratory Practice requirements; 
 
 submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application ("IND"), which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 
 
 approval by an institutional review board ("IRB") or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; 
 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed product candidate for its intended purpose; 
 
 preparation of and submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application ("NDA") or abbreviated new drug application ("ANDA") after completion of all required clinical trials; 
 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 
 
 a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the application for review; 
 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with cGMPs and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product's continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with Good Clinical Practices ("GCPs"); and 
 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the U.S. 
 
 Prior to beginning clinical trials of a drug product in the U.S., an IND must be submitted to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The NDA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. The submission of an NDA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 
 
 After the FDA evaluates an NDA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced and of select clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter ("CRL"). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL will generally describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the NDA. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the NDA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of an NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 
 
 If regulatory approval of a drug is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may include limitations on the indicated uses for which such drug may be marketed. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the drug s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the drug based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 
 Any drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual program fees for any marketed products. Drug manufacturers and their subcontractors are required 
 7 

to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 
 Post-Market Enforcement in the U.S. 
 
 The FDA may withdraw marketing authorizations for drugs or medical devices if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks, or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions. Other potential consequences include, among other things: complete withdrawal of the product from the market, product recalls, fines, warning letters, untitled letters, clinical holds on clinical studies, refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, product seizures or detention, refusal to permit the import or export of products, consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs, the issuance of corrective information, injunctions, or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 In addition, the FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drugs and medical devices. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are cleared or approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the authorized label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 Regulation of Medical Devices in the European Union 
 
 The European Union ("EU") has adopted specific directives and regulations regulating the design, manufacture, clinical investigation, conformity assessment, labeling and adverse event reporting for medical devices. 
 
 Until May 25, 2021, medical devices were regulated by Council Directive 93/42/EEC (the "EU Medical Devices Directive") which has been repealed and replaced by Regulation (EU) No 2017/745 (the "EU Medical Devices Regulation"). Our current certificates have been granted under the EU Medical Devices Directive whose regime is described below. However, as of May 26, 2021, some of the EU Medical Devices Regulation requirements apply in place of the corresponding requirements of the EU Medical Devices Directive with regard to registration of economic operators and of devices, post-market surveillance and vigilance requirements. Pursuing marketing of medical devices in the EU will notably require that our devices be certified under the new regime set forth in the EU Medical Devices Regulation when our current certificates expire. 
 
 EU Medical Devices Directive 
 
 Under the EU Medical Devices Directive, all medical devices placed on the market in the EU must meet the relevant essential requirements laid down in Annex I to the EU Medical Devices Directive, including the requirement that a medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that it will not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and others. In addition, the device must achieve the performance intended by the manufacturer and be designed, manufactured, and packaged in a suitable manner. The European Commission has adopted various standards applicable to medical devices. These include standards governing common requirements, such as sterilization and safety of medical electrical equipment and product standards for certain types of medical devices. There are also harmonized standards relating to design and manufacture. While not mandatory, compliance with these standards is viewed as the easiest way to satisfy the essential requirements as a practical matter as it creates a rebuttable presumption that the device satisfies that essential requirement. 
 
 To demonstrate compliance with the essential requirements laid down in Annex I to the EU Medical Devices Directive, medical device manufacturers must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its (risk) classification. As a general rule, demonstration of conformity of medical devices and their manufacturers with the essential requirements must be based, among other things, on the evaluation of clinical data supporting the safety and performance of the products during normal conditions of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended performance, and that any 
 8 

claims made about the performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable evidence. Except for low-risk medical devices (Class I non-sterile, non-measuring devices), where the manufacturer can self-declare the conformity of its products with the essential requirements (except for any parts which relate to sterility or metrology), a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a notified body. Notified bodies are independent organizations designated by EU member states to assess the conformity of devices before being placed on the market. A notified body would typically audit and examine a product's technical dossiers and the manufacturers' quality system (the notified body must presume that quality systems which implement the relevant harmonized standards which is ISO 13485:2016 for Medical Devices Quality Management Systems conform to these requirements). If satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant essential requirements, the notified body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The manufacturer may then apply the European Conformity ("CE") mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EU. 
 
 Throughout the term of the certificate of conformity, the manufacturer will be subject to periodic surveillance audits to verify continued compliance with the applicable requirements. In particular, there will be a new audit by the notified body before it will renew the relevant certificate(s). 
 
 EU Medical Devices Regulation 
 
 The regulatory landscape related to medical devices in the EU recently evolved. On April 5, 2017, the EU Medical Devices Regulation was adopted with the aim of ensuring better protection of public health and patient safety. The EU Medical Devices Regulation establishes a uniform, transparent, predictable and sustainable regulatory framework across the EU for medical devices and ensure a high level of safety and health while supporting innovation. Unlike the EU Medical Devices Directive, the EU Medical Devices Regulation is directly applicable in EU member states without the need for member states to implement into national law. This aims to increase harmonization across the EU. 
 
 The EU Medical Devices Regulation became effective on May 26, 2021. 
 
 Devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant to the EU Medical Devices Directive prior to May 26, 2021 may generally continue to be made available on the market or put into service until May 26, 2025, provided that the requirements of the transitional provisions are fulfilled. In particular, the certificate in question must still be valid. However, even in this case, manufacturers must comply with a number of new or reinforced requirements set forth in the EU Medical Devices Regulation, in particular the obligations described below. 
 
 The EU Medical Devices Regulation requires that before placing a device, other than a custom-made device, on the market, manufacturers (as well as other economic operators such as authorized representatives and importers) must register by submitting identification information to the electronic system (Eudamed), unless they have already registered. The information to be submitted by manufacturers (and authorized representatives) also includes the name, address and contact details of the person or persons responsible for regulatory compliance. The new Regulation also requires that before placing a device, other than a custom-made device, on the market, manufacturers must assign a unique identifier to the device and provide it along with other core data to the unique device identifier ("UDI") database. These new requirements aim at ensuring better identification and traceability of the devices. Each device and as applicable, each package will have a UDI composed of two parts: a device identifier ("UDI-DI") specific to a device, and a production identifier ("UDI-PI") to identify the unit producing the device. Manufacturers are also notably responsible for entering the necessary data on Eudamed, which includes the UDI database, and for keeping it up to date. The obligations for registration in Eudamed will become applicable at a later date (as Eudamed is not yet fully functional). Until Eudamed is fully functional, the corresponding provisions of the EU Medical Devices Directive continue to apply for the purpose of meeting the obligations laid down in the provisions regarding exchange of information, including, and in particular, information regarding registration of devices and economic operators. 
 
 All manufacturers placing medical devices on the market in the EU must comply with the EU medical device vigilance system which has been reinforced by the EU Medical Devices Regulation. Under this system, serious incidents and Field Safety Corrective Actions ("FSCAs") must be reported to the relevant authorities of the EU member states. These reports will have to be submitted through Eudamed once functional and aim to ensure that, in addition to reporting to the relevant authorities of the EU member states, other actors such as the economic operators in the supply chain will also be informed. Until Eudamed is fully functional, the corresponding provisions of the EU Medical Devices Directive continue to apply. A serious incident is defined as any malfunction or deterioration in the characteristics or performance of a device made available on the market, including use-error due to ergonomic features, as well as any inadequacy in the information supplied by the manufacturer and any undesirable side-effect, which, directly or indirectly, might have led or might lead to the death of a patient or user or of other persons or to a temporary or permanent serious deterioration of a patient's, user's or other person's state of health or a serious public health threat. Manufacturers are required to take FSCAs defined as any corrective action for technical or medical 
 9 

reasons to prevent or reduce a risk of a serious incident associated with the use of a medical device that is made available on the market. An FSCA may include the recall, modification, exchange, destruction or retrofitting of the device. FSCAs must be communicated by the manufacturer or its legal representative to its customers and/or to the end users of the device through Field Safety Notices. For similar serious incidents that occur with the same device or device type and for which the root cause has been identified or a FSCA implemented or where the incidents are common and well documented, manufacturers may provide periodic summary reports instead of individual serious incident reports. 
 
 The advertising and promotion of medical devices is subject to some general principles set forth in EU legislation. According to the EU Medical Devices Regulation, only devices that are CE marked may be marketed and advertised in the EU in accordance with their intended purpose. Directive 2006/114/EC concerning misleading and comparative advertising and Directive 2005/29/EC on unfair commercial practices, while not specific to the advertising of medical devices, also apply to the advertising thereof and contain general rules, for example, requiring that advertisements are evidenced, balanced and not misleading. Specific requirements are defined at a national level. EU member states' laws related to the advertising and promotion of medical devices, which vary between jurisdictions, may limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of products to the general public and may impose limitations on promotional activities with healthcare professionals. 
 
 Many EU member states have adopted specific anti-gift statutes that further limit commercial practices for medical devices, in particular vis- -vis healthcare professionals and organizations. Additionally, there has been a recent trend of increased regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities and many EU member states have adopted national "Sunshine Acts" which impose reporting and transparency requirements (often on an annual basis), similar to the requirements in the U.S., on medical device manufacturers. Certain countries also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs. 
 
 In the EU, regulatory authorities have the power to carry out announced and, if necessary, unannounced inspections of companies, as well as suppliers and/or sub-contractors and, where necessary, the facilities of professional users. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements (as applicable) could require time and resources to respond to the regulatory authorities observations and to implement corrective and preventive actions, as appropriate. Regulatory authorities have broad compliance and enforcement powers and, if such issues cannot be resolved to their satisfaction, can take a variety of actions, including untitled or warning letters, fines, consent decrees, injunctions, or civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area ("EEA") which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland. 
 
 Brexit 
 
 Since January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ("MHRA") has become the sovereign regulatory authority responsible for Great Britain (i.e. England, Wales and Scotland) medical device market according to the requirements provided in the Medical Devices Regulations 2002 (SI 2002 No 618, as amended) that sought to give effect to the three pre-existing EU directives governing active implantable medical devices, general medical devices and in vitro diagnostic medical devices whereas Northern Ireland continues to be governed by EU rules according to the Northern Ireland Protocol. Following the end of the United Kingdom's ("UK's") withdrawal from the EU ("Brexit") transitional period on January 1, 2021, new regulations require all medical devices to be registered with the MHRA before being placed on the Great Britain market. The MHRA only registers devices where the manufacturer or their UK responsible person has a registered place of business in the UK. Beginning January 1, 2022, manufacturers based outside the UK need to appoint a UK responsible person that has a registered place of business in the UK to register devices with the MHRA. 
 
 On June 26, 2022, the MHRA published its response to a 10-week consultation on the post-Brexit regulatory framework for medical devices and diagnostics. MHRA seeks to amend the UK Medical Devices Regulations 2002 (which are based on EU legislation, primarily the EU Medical Devices Directive and the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Directive 98/79/EC), in particular to create a new access pathway to support innovation, create an innovative framework for regulating software and artificial intelligence as medical devices, reform IVD regulation and foster sustainability through the reuse and remanufacture of medical devices. Regulations implementing the new regime were originally scheduled to come into force in July 2023, but have recently been postponed to July 2024. Devices bearing CE marks issued by EU notified bodies under the MDR or MDD are now subject to transitional arrangements. In its consultation response, the MHRA indicated that the future UK regulations will allow devices certified under the MDR to be placed on the market in Great Britain under the CE mark until either the certificate expires or for five years after the new regulations take effect, whichever is sooner. Devices certified under the MDD could continue to be placed on the market until either the certificate expires or for three years after the new regulations take effect, whichever is sooner. Following these transitional periods, it is expected that all medical devices will require a UK Conformity Assessed ("UKCA") mark. Manufacturers may choose to use the UKCA mark on a voluntary 
 10 

basis until June 30, 2023. However, UKCA marking will not be recognized in the EU. The rules for placing medical devices on the market in Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK, differ from those in the rest of the UK. Compliance with this legislation is a prerequisite to be able to affix the UKCA mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in Great Britain. 
 
 In addition, the trade deal between the UK and the EU generally provides for cooperation and exchange of information between the parties in the areas of product safety and compliance, including market surveillance, enforcement activities and measures, standardization-related activities, exchanges of officials, and coordinated product recalls. As such, processes for compliance and reporting should reflect requirements from regulatory authorities. 
 
 Under the terms of the Northern Ireland Protocol, Northern Ireland follows EU rules on medical devices and devices marketed in Northern Ireland require assessment according to the EU regulatory regime. Such assessment may be conducted by an EU notified body, in which case a CE mark is required before placing the device on the market in the EU or Northern Ireland. Alternatively, if a UK notified body conducts such assessment, a 'UKNI' mark is applied and the device may only be placed on the market in Northern Ireland and not the EU. 
 
 Manufacturing Regulation 
 
 We must also comply with FDA and International Organization for Standardization ("ISO") governing medical device manufacturing practices. The FDA, state, foreign agencies and ISO require manufacturers to register and subject manufacturers to periodic FDA, state, foreign agencies and notified bodies and ISO inspections and audits of their manufacturing facilities. We are a FDA and ISO registered medical device manufacturer, and must demonstrate that we and our contract manufacturers comply with the FDA's QSR, cGMPs and similar foreign requirements. The FDA, other regulatory agencies and notified bodies outside the U.S. monitor compliance with these requirements through inspections and audits of manufacturing facilities. If an inspector observes conditions that might be violative, the manufacturer must correct those conditions or explain them satisfactorily, or face potential regulatory action that might include physical removal of the product from the marketplace. 
 
 Other Healthcare Laws 
 
 We are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. These laws include: 
 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 
 
 federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal third-party payors that are false or fraudulent. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 
 
 the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; 
 
 federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any federal healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 
 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; 
 
 the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS") information related to 
 11 

payments or other "transfers of value" made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician health care professionals (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified registered nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse midwives), and teaching hospitals and ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members; and 
 
 analogous state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical and device companies to comply with the industry's voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require device manufacturers to track and report information related to payments and other "transfers of value" to physicians and other healthcare providers or pricing, marketing expenditures and information. 
 
 Violations of any of the laws described above include civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of an entity s operations, the debarment, suspension or exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs and/or imprisonment. 
 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 
 Our profitability and operations are subject to changes in legislative, regulatory and reimbursement policies and decisions as well as changes in private payer reimbursement coverage and payment decisions and policies. Our products are purchased by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers that typically bill various third-party payors, such as governmental programs, private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services and products provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement for healthcare services and products from third-party payors is critical because it affects which products customer purchase and the prices they are willing to pay since our products are not separately reimbursed by any third-party payor. Third-party payors are increasingly reducing coverage and reimbursement for certain healthcare services and products and challenging prices charged for healthcare services and products. 
 
 Health Care Reform in the U.S. 
 
 In the U.S., there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a number of federal and state proposals to limit payments by governmental payors for medical devices, and the procedures in which medical devices are used. For example, in March 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform legislation was enacted through the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education and Reconciliation Act (the "ACA"), which, among other things, provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research, and implemented payment system reforms including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians and other providers to improve the coordination, quality and efficiency of certain healthcare services through bundled payment models. 
 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court's decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. 
 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, included reductions to Medicare payments to providers, which went into effect on April 1, 2013, and will stay in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021 unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals. We cannot predict whether future healthcare initiatives will be implemented at the federal or state level or internationally, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on us. Such legislation and regulation of healthcare costs may, however, result in decreased lower reimbursements by 
 12 

governmental and private payors to our customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 EU Healthcare Reform 
 
 Additional healthcare reform measures in the EU may be adopted in the future as well. For instance, in December 2021, Regulation (EU) No 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment HTA amending Directive 2011/24/EU, was adopted. This regulation which entered into force in January 2022 intends to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including certain high-risk medical devices, and providing the basis for cooperation at the EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. The regulation foresees a three-year transitional period and will permit EU member states to use common HTA tools, methodologies, and procedures across the EU, working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual EU member states will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technology, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. 
 
 Data Privacy and Security 
 
 Medical device companies may be subject to U.S. federal and state and foreign data privacy, security and data breach notification laws governing the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our industry is highly competitive. We believe our ability to effectively compete in this industry is determined by our ability to provide a wide breadth of cost-effective, high quality products. We believe the added breadth of our acquired product portfolios have increased our competitiveness as we can now provide a one-stop shop for customers and offer more flexible competitive pricing. We also believe our infusion pump product offering will enable us to achieve sales of a larger volume of higher margin infusion consumables, and we believe we have a wider customer reach through our unified distribution channels. 
 
 Infusion Consumables 
 
 We believe that our ability to effectively compete in the Infusion Consumables market depends upon our ability to differentiate our products based on continued innovation, safety, quality, convenience, reliability, patent protection, ease of use and the pricing of our products, in addition to access to distribution channels. We encounter significant competition in this market both from global, large, established medical device manufacturers and from smaller companies. We compete with products and systems marketed by Becton Dickinson ("BD"), Baxter International ("Baxter"), and B. Braun Medical, Inc. ("B. Braun"). Our CSTD products and systems, used for the preparation and safe handling of oncology drugs, compete with similar products from BD and EquaShield. We believe that our current CSTD product offering provides benefits over these competing systems in several areas related to safety, ease of use, quality, and cost; however, ongoing innovation will be required to remain competitive in this market space. 
 
 Infusion Systems (Legacy ICU and Smiths Medical) 
 
 We face strong global competitors in the Infusion Systems market. In the United States ("U.S.") our competitors include BD, Baxter, Moog Medical, Fresenius and B. Braun. Outside of the U.S., our primary competitors are BD, B. Braun, Fresenius Kabi, a division of Fresenius Group, and a large number of local market pump manufacturers. These competitors benefit from greater financial, research and development and marketing resources than we have. The smart pump market in recent years has been troubled with security concerns and product recalls. We believe our ability to effectively compete will be determined by our ability to build our brand strength using the development of technological advancements aimed at increasing the quality, reliability, safety and security of our pumps while at the same time focusing on manufacturing efficiency and cost-effectiveness, which are operationally challenging with evolving product lines. 
 
 13 

IV Solutions 
 
 We participate in the IV solutions market only in the U.S. and Canada. Our primary competitors in the U.S. include Baxter and B. Braun. Demand for IV solutions is typically high and raw materials required to produce IV solutions are readily available. Our ability to compete will depend on our ability to maximize production, develop innovations in our product line, focus on cost-effectiveness and maintain the appropriate quality infrastructure. 
 
 Critical Care 
 
 Our primary competitor in Critical Care is Edwards Lifesciences. 
 
 Vascular Access-Smiths Medical 
 
 Our Vascular Access product line of Smiths Medical competes primarily with BD and B. Braun as well as Angio Dynamics, Greiner Bio-One and Teleflex Incorporated. Our ability to remain competitive in this market will depend on our ability to focus on demonstrable patient outcomes by differentiating our products by improving device functionality and by providing successful customer training programs on the use and maintenance of our products. 
 
 Vital Care-Smiths Medical 
 
 The Vital Care product line of Smiths Medical competes with numerous competitors due to its broad product portfolio. Those include multinational competitors such as Philips Healthcare as well as smaller more focused competitors such as Belmont and Intersurgical plc. Our ability to compete in this market will depend on our ability to continue to make technological advances to our products, thereby increasing customer efficiency, and provide product support aimed at improving clinical decision-making that ultimately enhances patient safety. 
 
 Patents 
 
 Many of our product lines rely on patent protection. We have obtained U.S. and foreign patents relating to certain of the technologies found in our products, and are pursuing additional patent applications. There is however, no single patent or group of patents that we own that we believe is material in relation to our business as a whole. 
 
 Our success will depend in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for our products and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. While we have obtained certain patents and applied for additional U.S. and foreign patents covering certain of our products, there is no assurance that the scope of any patent protection will prevent competitors from introducing similar or competing devices or that any of our patents will be held valid if subsequently challenged. We can also lose patent protection through expiration. The inability to obtain effective patent protection or the loss of patent protection on a specific product line could adversely affect our ability to exclude other company from producing effective competitive products. The loss of a significant portion of our patent portfolio could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 The fact that a patent is issued to us does not eliminate the possibility that patents owned by others may contain claims that are infringed by our products. 
 
 There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. Litigation, which would result in substantial cost to us and diversion of our resources, may be necessary to defend us against claimed infringement of the rights of others and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Adverse determinations in such litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties or could require us to seek licenses from third parties and could prevent us from manufacturing, selling or using our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we have initiated litigation, and may continue to initiate litigation in the future, to enforce our intellectual property rights against those we believe to be infringing on our patents. Such litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of resources. 
 
 Seasonality/Quarterly Results 
 
 Our business is not significantly impacted by seasonal aspects. We can, however, experience fluctuations in net sales as a result of variations in the ordering patterns of our largest customers, which has been and may continue to be driven more by the COVID-19 pandemic surges and its impact on hospital admissions and procedure volumes along with production scheduling and customer inventory levels, as well as fluctuations due to supply constraints as a result of other macroeconomic 
 14 

and global geopolitical events, such as the conflict in the Ukraine. Our expenses do not typically fluctuate in the same manner as net sales, which may result in cause fluctuations in operating income that are disproportionate to fluctuations in our revenue. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 We continue to invest in certain research and development ("R D") projects to drive future growth and to remain competitive in our product lines. Our main R D facilities are located in the U.S and India. Our R D costs primarily include personnel costs and expenses related to the development of new products. Research and development costs were 93.0 million in 2022, 47.5 million in 2021 and 42.9 million in 2020. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 We believe our employees are the foundation of our business and are key to executing our strategy globally. The knowledge, skills and abilities of our diverse workforce is paramount in upholding our mission of connecting patients and caregivers through safe, life-saving, life enhancing IV therapy products, systems, and services. 
 
 We believe the health and well-being of our employees are cornerstones for our successful operations. Whether you are a machine operator in one of our manufacturing locations, a material handler in a distribution center, a service technician supporting our products in the field, or a clinician training customers on the use of our products in a hospital, we strive to prioritize the safety of our team members. This includes designing our work environments with a safety first mindset, providing personal protective equipment and safety training beginning day one. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain talented individuals globally begins with our commitment to offer a career that gives people a unique opportunity to work in an exhilarating, fast-paced, inspiring, and collaborative environment where what they do makes a difference. We offer competitive salaries and benefit packages to all employees as well as select participation in incentive plans based on individual and company performance. 
 
 We believe the development of our workforce is critical for personal growth and the success of our company as well. We reinforce this with challenging, yet rewarding assignments, continued learning and training programs through our global iLearning platform, and support continued education globally through tuition reimbursement programs. Our team believes in diversity, collaboration, and removing barriers to communication all to create an environment where innovation and creativity can flourish. This is principal for us in attracting, developing, retaining and rewarding talent on a global scale. 
 
 Finally, we believe that our leadership team, with its broad, and deep category knowledge and averaging approximately 22 years of experience in IV therapy has the necessary experience to effectively lead the execution of our strategy. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 14,500 employees located in over 35 countries. 
 
 Geographic Data 
 
 Information regarding financial data by geography is set forth in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Notes 4 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website address is http://www.icumed.com. We make available our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings and amendments thereto those reports, free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing them with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We also have our code of ethics posted on our website (http://www.icumed.com). The information on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC on its website (http://www.sec.gov). 
 
 15 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In evaluating an investment in our common stock, investors should consider carefully, among other things, the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Business and Operating Risks 
 
 We are dependent on single and limited source third-party suppliers, which subjects our business and results of operations to risks of supplier business interruptions, and a loss or degradation in performance in our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our risk mitigation plans employed with key suppliers of materials (such as resins) that are critical to our ability to manufacture our products, the supply of which is currently from a sole supplier, may not suffice to ensure that we are able to receive requisite materials as and when needed an in sufficient quantity. We cannot be certain that our current suppliers will continue to provide us with the quantities of materials that we require or satisfy our anticipated specifications and quality requirements on a timely basis or at all. Any supply interruption in limited or sole sourced raw materials could materially harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply, if any, could be identified and qualified. Upon identification, the qualification process of new suppliers and component materials can take a considerable amount of time. We may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms. The price and supply of these materials may be impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control including supplier shutdowns, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, labor shortages and governmental regulatory actions. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant challenges to our global transportation channels and other aspects of the global supply chain network, including the cost and availability of raw materials and components due to shortages and resulting cost inflation. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact supply channels resulting in raw material shortages and supply chain disruptions generally. Furthermore, our contract manufacturers could require us to move to another one of their production facilities. An interruption in our commercial operations could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these components, materials or services, and if we cannot then obtain an acceptable substitute. Additionally, we are subject to FDA and foreign regulations, which could further delay our ability to obtain a qualified alternative supplier. Any performance failure on the part of our suppliers could delay the development and manufacture of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost controls of our customers and third party payors, as well as entering into long-term fixed price contracts we may be unable to pass along cost increases for any key components or raw materials through higher prices to our customers. If the cost of key components or raw materials increases and we are unable to fully recover those increased costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions, we could experience an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Damage to any of our manufacturing facilities or disruption to our supply chain network could impair our ability to produce our products. 
 
 A severe weather event, other natural or man-made disaster, or any other significant disruption, such as outbreak of disease (including the COVID-19 pandemic), the impact of war or political instability (such as the conflict in the Ukraine), work stoppages, labor shortages and similar interruptions affecting our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers and logistics partners could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic caused us to temporarily shut down some of our facilities. Additionally, in 2021, we experienced supply chain disruptions and general supply constraints as a result of the continued economic uncertainty and, in part, due to COVID-19 infections and quarantine protocols. In 2022, we continued to experience these supply chain disruptions, as well as an increase in raw material costs and shipping costs, as prices on several commodities, including oil and gas, increased as a result of the conflict in the Ukraine and it's impact on the global economy. 
 
 We have a single manufacturing facility for our Clave products located in Salt Lake City, Utah. Our Salt Lake City facility also produces other components on which our manufacturing operations in Mexico and Costa Rica rely. Our IV Solutions are manufactured at our manufacturing facility in Austin, Texas and by a third party manufacturer, Pfizer, in Rocky Mount, North Carolina or our suppliers facilities. We have also added various other manufacturing facilities with the acquisition of Smiths Medical in the U.S., Mexico, Italy and Czech Republic. If our facilities are inoperable, for even a short period of time, it could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and distribute our products in a timely or cost-effective 
 16 

manner, and our ability to make product sales. Furthermore, our facilities and the equipment we use to perform our manufacturing processes could be unavailable or costly and time-consuming to repair or replace. 
 
 Damage to any of our facilities or interruptions at our facilities due to work stoppages or labor shortages could render us unable to manufacture our products or require us to reduce the output of products at our facilities. Several of our manufacturing facilities are located near known earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes. We carry insurance for damage to our property and disruption of our business, but this insurance may not be adequate to cover all of the risks associated with damage or disruption to our facilities and business, may not provide coverage in amounts sufficient to cover our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 Prolonged periods of inflation, rising interest rates and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates as a result of the current global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Global supply chain disruptions as a result of COVID-19 and, more recently, the war in the Ukraine has resulted in, and may continue to result in, a challenging macroeconomic environment with higher interest rates and capital costs, increased raw material costs, higher shipping costs, higher labor costs, and the negative impacts from weakening foreign exchange rates. We have experienced and may continue to experience these inflationary increases in our manufacturing costs and operating expenses, including higher materials and labor costs, as well as negative impacts on our operating results from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies weakening exchange rates. See the risk factor titled Our operations may be adversely impacted by our exposure to risks related to foreign currency exchange rates under the Geographic Risks subsection for a discussion of risks related to foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Additionally, the majority of our sales are conducted pursuant to long-term contracts. Our efforts to minimize the impact of inflation on our business through contractual protections may not prove effective, and the presence of longer pricing periods within our contracts along with sustained or higher than anticipated inflation increases the likelihood that the contract protections do not adequately mitigate the financial impact of inflation. If our contractual protections do not adequately protect us in the context of substantial cost increases and inflationary pressures, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Prolonged inflation may also reduce or delay orders for our products and for certain products we may be unable to satisfy demand, both of which could have a material adverse impact on our sales and results of operations. The inflationary cost increases during 2022 caused by COVID -19 and the war in the Ukraine impacted our freight rates as well as, labor and materials costs. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted how we, our suppliers and our customers operate and the duration, and the extent to which this will impact our business, future results of operations, liquidity and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. We operate globally and the COVID-19 pandemic and its adverse effects have impacted most of the locations where we, our customers and our suppliers conduct business and, as a result, we have experienced some disruption to our operations, most notably due to reduced demand for our disposable product portfolio. 
 
 We have also experienced significant reductions in demand for certain products as our health care customers re-prioritized the treatment of patients, delay elective procedures and shift resources and operations to fight COVID-19 and the complications it causes. For example, during 2020, we experienced lower demand from hospital customers for our Infusion Consumables non-dedicated sets and lower demand for our Infusion Systems dedicated sets. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic could potentially adversely affect our distributors if they are not able to maintain their historical levels of sales. 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business depends on future developments that cannot be fully predicted at this time. Accordingly, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain and cannot as yet be quantified. Additional factors that have contributed or may contribute to the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity include, without limitation, the following: 
 
 lost revenue or additional costs associated with either disruptions at our production and distribution facilities or interruptions in our supply chain, including shortages of raw materials or components for our products; 
 labor shortages as a result of COVID-19 infections and quarantine protocols; 
 fluctuations in demand from customers as a result of an increase in COVID-19 patient admissions in hospitals offset by the decline in non-COVID-19 patient admissions; 
 17 

healthcare customers that defer the more profitable elective procedures may experience financial difficulties and may be unable to pay within payment terms for the products they purchased; 
 potential lower demand in future periods due to over-purchasing of our products due to the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruption; 
 reduced revenue due to delays in implementation of our infusion systems and oncology products at hospital locations due to restricted access; 
 higher operating costs related to additional compensation paid to our manufacturing and distribution facility workers; 
 volatility in cash flow, revenue and income due to foreign currency fluctuations and volatility; 
 lower income due to a delay in cost savings projects as a result of the travel and social distancing requirements of COVID-19. 
 
 To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic and related containment measures continue to adversely affect regional, national and global economic conditions and financial markets, as well as the business, results of operations, financial conditions and liquidity of us, our suppliers and our customers, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described in this "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, including the risks resulting from our dependency on key personnel; impairment of our supply chain or manufacturing facilities; and the impact of negative economic conditions. In addition, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to limit its spread, our historical information regarding our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity may not be representative of the future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or other financial or operating results of us or our business. 
 
 Significant sales through distributors expose us to risks that could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, business from one distributor, Medline, accounted for 15 of our consolidated revenues. We may rely on one or more key distributors for a product, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. Additionally, distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. Failure to manage risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies or expense reductions associated with cost reduction and restructuring efforts and may experience a decline in our profitability, business disruptions or other adverse consequences to our business as a result. 
 
 We have engaged in restructuring activities in the past and may engage in other restructuring activities in the future. For example, since the Smiths Medical acquisition, we have taken realignment and cost reduction initiatives to achieve operating efficiencies for the combined company. These types of cost reduction and restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or any other restructuring activities that we may take in the future, any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not fully realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. In addition, the costs associated with implementing restructuring activities might exceed expectations, which could result in additional future charges. 
 
 The agreements governing our debt contain a number of restrictive covenants which limit our flexibility in operating our business, finance future operations or pursue our business strategies. 
 
 The credit agreement governing our Senior Secured Credit Facilities contains, among other things, certain customary restrictive covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, make certain investments, pay dividends, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, and transfer or dispose of assets as well as financial covenants. While we have not previously breached and are not currently in breach of these or any other covenants contained in our credit agreement. 
 
 Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict in the Ukraine, supply chain interruptions or general economic environment, including increases in inflation and interest rates. These covenants could also limit our ability to seek capital through the incurrence of new indebtedness or, if we are unable to meet our obligations, require us to repay any outstanding amounts with sources of capital we may otherwise use to fund our business. As such, these restrictive covenants contained in our Senior Secured Credit Facility may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. 
 
 18 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions that affect our customers ability to buy our products and could affect our relationships with our suppliers. 
 
 Disruptions in financial markets worldwide and other worldwide macro-economic challenges have caused and may in the future cause our customers and suppliers to experience cash flow concerns. If job losses and the resulting loss of health insurance and personal savings cause individuals to forego or postpone treatment, the resulting decreased hospital use could affect the demand for our products. As a result, customers may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and suppliers may increase their prices, reduce their output or change terms of sales. Additionally, if customers or suppliers operating and financial performance deteriorates, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, customers may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable owed to us and suppliers may impose different payment terms that are less favorable to us. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to pay us for our products or any demands by suppliers for different payment terms may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. 
 
 Market and Other External Risks 
 
 If we are unable to compete successfully with our competitors, we may be unable to maintain market share, in which case our sales may not grow and our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
 The consumable medical device segment of the health care industry and in particular the infusion products market is intensely competitive and continues to experience both horizontal and vertical consolidation. We believe that our ability to compete depends upon numerous factors including, among other things, continued product innovation, the quality, convenience and reliability of our products, access to distribution channels, patent protection and pricing. The ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to differentiate our products based on these factors, as well as our ability to perceive and respond to changing customer needs. We encounter significant competition in our markets both from large established medical device manufacturers and from smaller companies. Many of these companies have introduced competitive products with features not provided by the conventional products and methods they are intended to replace. Most of our current and prospective competitors have economic and other resources substantially greater than ours and are well established in the healthcare industry. Several large, established competitors offer broad product lines and have been successful in obtaining full-line contracts with a significant number of hospitals and group purchasing organizations to supply all of their infusion product requirements. Due to the highly competitive nature of the group purchasing organizations ("GPOs") or integrated delivery networks ("IDNs") contracting processes, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our products portfolio. Furthermore, the increasing leverage of organized buying groups may reduce market prices for our products thereby affecting our profitability. While having a contract with a GPO or IDN can facilitate sales to members of that GPO or IDN, it is no assurance that the sales volume of those products will be maintained. The members of such groups may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by such competitors, which could result in a decline in our sales and profitability. In addition, distributors of our products may begin to negotiate terms of sale more aggressively in an effort to increase their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing or other terms of sale could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we fail to implement distribution arrangements successfully, it could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. Moreover, there is no assurance that our competitors will not substantially increase resources devoted to the development, manufacture and marketing of products competitive with our products. The successful implementation of such a strategy by one or more of our competitors could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 If we do not successfully develop and commercialize enhanced or new products that remain competitive with new products or alternative technologies developed by others, we could lose revenue opportunities and customers, and our ability to grow our business would be impaired. 
 
 The medical device industry is characterized by rapid product development and technological advances, which places our products at risk of obsolescence. Our long-term success and profit margins depend upon the development and successful commercialization of new products, new or improved technologies and additional applications of our technology. The research and development process is time-consuming and costly, and may not result in products or applications that we can successfully commercialize. We can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize enhanced or new products or that they will be accepted in the marketplace. 
 
 Product development requires substantial investment that may be difficult for us to fund and may be challenging to 
 recover through commercial product sales. 
 
 19 

Innovations generally require a substantial investment in product development before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund these innovations. Even if we succeed in creating new product candidates from these innovations, those innovations still may fail to result in commercially successful products. The success of new product offerings for device products depends on several factors, including our ability to anticipate and meet customers' or patients' needs, obtain timely regulatory approvals, clearances or certifications, and manufacture quality products in an economic and timely manner. Even if we are able to develop successful new products or enhancements, we may not produce sales exceeding the costs of development, and we may not avoid infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Moreover, innovations may not be successful due to difficulties encountered in achieving positive clinical outcomes, meeting safety, efficacy or other regulatory requirements of government agencies or notified bodies, or obtaining favorable pricing on those products. Finally, innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. 
 
 If demand for our products were to decline significantly, we might not be able to recover the cost of our expensive automated molding and assembly equipment and tooling, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our production tooling is relatively expensive, with each "module," which consists of an automated assembly machine and the molds and molding machines that mold the components, costing several million dollars. Most of the modules are for the Clave product family. If the demand for these products changes significantly, which could happen with the loss of a customer or a change in product mix, it may be necessary for us to recognize an impairment charge for the value of the production tooling because its cost may not be recovered through production of saleable product, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 We have been and will be ordering production molds and equipment for our new products. We expect to order semi-automated or fully automated assembly machines for certain products in 2023. If we do not achieve significant sales of these new/transitioned products, it might be necessary for us to recognize an impairment charge for the value of the production tooling because its costs may not be recovered through production of saleable product, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 Continuing pressures to reduce healthcare costs and inadequate coverage and reimbursement may adversely affect our prices. If we cannot reduce manufacturing costs of existing and new products to counteract such pricing pressures, our sales may not grow and our profitability may decline. 
 
 Increasing awareness of healthcare costs, public interest in healthcare reform and continuing pressure from Medicare, Medicaid, GPOs and other payors, both domestic and international, to reduce costs in the healthcare industry, as well as increasing competition from other protective products, could make it more difficult for us to sell our products at current prices. Our products are purchased by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers that typically bill various third-party payors, such as governmental programs, private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services and products provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement for healthcare services and products from third-party payors is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Because there is often no separate reimbursement for supplies used in surgical procedures, the additional cost associated with the use of our products can affect the profit margin of the hospital or surgery center where the procedure is performed. Some of our target customers may be unwilling to adopt our products in light of the additional associated cost. Further, any decline in the amount payors are willing to reimburse our customers could make it difficult for existing customers to continue using or to adopt our products and could create additional pricing pressure for us. If we are forced to lower the price we charge for our products, our gross margins will decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Third-party payors are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Payors continually review new and existing technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny or reverse coverage for new or existing products and procedures. There can be no assurance that third-party payor policies will provide coverage for procedures in which our products are used. If we are not successful in reversing existing non-coverage policies, or if third-party payors that currently cover or reimburse our products and related procedures reverse or limit their coverage in the future, or if other third-party payors issue similar policies, this could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Further, we believe that future coverage and reimbursement may be subject to increased restrictions, such as 
 additional prior authorization requirements. Third-party coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products or any of our products in development for which we may receive regulatory approval or certification may not be available or adequate, 
 20 

which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Implementation of further legislative or administrative reforms in the reimbursement system in the U.S. and abroad or adverse decisions relating to coverage or reimbursement could have an impact on acceptance of and demand for our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. In the event that the market will not accept current prices for our products, our sales and profits could be adversely affected. We believe that our ability to increase our market share and operate profitably in the long term may depend in part on our ability to reduce manufacturing costs on a per unit basis through high volume production using highly automated molding and assembly systems. If we are unable to reduce unit manufacturing costs, we may be unable to increase our market share for our products or may lose market share to alternative products, including competitors products. Similarly, if we cannot reduce unit manufacturing costs of new products as production volumes increase, we may not be able to sell new products profitably or gain any meaningful market share. Any of these results would adversely affect our future results of operations. 
 
 Failure to protect our information technology systems against security breaches, service interruptions, or misappropriation of data could disrupt operations, compromise sensitive data, and expose us to liability, possibly causing our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 We depend heavily on information technology infrastructure and systems to achieve our business objectives. Any incident that impairs or compromises this infrastructure, including security breaches, malicious attacks or more general service interruptions, could impede our ability to process orders, manufacture and ship product in a timely manner, protect sensitive data and otherwise carry on business in the normal course. Any such events could result in the loss of customers, revenue, or both, and could require us to incur significant expense to remediate, including legal claims or proceedings. Further, as cyber security related incidents continue to evolve, and regulatory focus on these issues continues to expand, additional investment in protective measures, and vulnerability remediation, may be required. 
 
 Our ability to execute our business strategy depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems, which support our operations. Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to attack and damage from, among others, computer viruses, malware (e.g. ransomware), malicious code, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization or similar disruptive problems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not foreseeable or recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 
 
 We and certain of our service providers are from time to time subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. 
 While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such event were to occur, public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and brand could be harmed and our results of operations could be negatively affected. Data security breaches and other incidents may also result from non-technical means (e.g., actions by employees or contractors). Any such security breach may compromise information stored on our networks and may result in significant data losses or theft of personally identifiable information. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable security, privacy or data protection, consumer and other laws, regulatory or other governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and legal and financial exposure, including potential contractual liability. A number of proposed and enacted federal, state and international laws and regulations obligate companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personally identifiable information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or by third parties, including collaborators, vendors, contractors or other organizations with which we expect to form strategic relationships. Any such compromise could also result in damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security and privacy or data protection measures. In addition, a cybersecurity attack could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of our internal operations, increased cyber security protection costs, lost revenue, regulatory actions or litigations. Any of these effects could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. 
 
 21 

If we cannot obtain additional custom tooling and equipment on a timely basis to enable us to meet demand for our products, we might be unable to increase our sales or might lose customers, in which case our sales could decline. 
 We expanded our manufacturing capacity substantially in recent years, and we expect that continued expansion may be necessary. Molds and automated assembly machines generally have a long lead-time with vendors, often nine months or longer. Inability to secure such tooling in a timely manner, or unexpected increases in production demands, could cause us to be unable to meet customer orders. Such inability could cause customers to seek alternatives to our products, which would adversely affect our sales. 
 
 Cost volatility or loss of supply of our raw materials could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 
 Most of the materials used in our products are resins, plastics and other material that depend upon oil or natural gas as their raw material. Crude oil markets have historically been affected by political uncertainty in the Middle East and more recently, by the conflict in the Ukraine, and there is no assurance that crude oil supplies will not be interrupted in the future. New laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy costs as well as the costs of certain raw materials and components. Any such regulations or interruptions could have an adverse effect on our ability to produce, or the cost to produce, our products. Also, crude oil and natural gas prices have been volatile in recent years. Our suppliers have historically passed some of their cost increases on to us, and if such prices are sustained or increase further, our suppliers may pass further cost increases on to us. In addition to the effect on resin prices, transportation costs have increased because of the effect of higher crude oil prices, and we believe most of these costs have been passed on to us. Our ability to recover these increased costs may depend upon our ability to raise prices on our products. In the past, we have rarely raised prices and it is uncertain that we would be able to raise them to recover higher prices from our suppliers. Our inability to raise prices in those circumstances, or to otherwise recover these costs, could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 
 Our business could suffer if we lose the services of key personnel. 
 
 We are dependent upon the management and leadership of our executive team, as well as other members of our senior management team. If one or more of these individuals were unable or unwilling to continue in his or her present position, our business would be disrupted and we might not be able to find replacements on a timely basis or with the same level of skill and experience, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We do not have "key person" life insurance policies on any of our employees. 
 
 The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile due to many factors. 
 
 The public equity market can be highly volatile, and we have experienced significant volatility in the price of our common stock in the past. We believe that factors such as quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in financial results, differences between stock analysts expectations and actual quarterly and annual results, new product introductions by us or our competitors, acquisitions or divestitures, changing regulatory environments, litigation, changes in healthcare reimbursement policies, sales or the perception in the market of possible sales of common stock by insiders, market rumors, general economic trends (including macroeconomic challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict in the Ukraine) and substantial product orders could contribute to the volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 
 Most of our common stock is held by, or included in accounts managed by, institutional investors or managers. Several of those institutions own or manage a significant percentage of our outstanding shares, with the ten largest interests accounting for approximately 65 of our outstanding shares at the end of 2022. If one or more of the institutions or if our other large stockholders should decide to reduce or eliminate their position in our common stock, it could cause a significant decrease in the price of our common stock. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA, other government agencies or notified bodies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain, or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, cleared, approved, certified, or commercialized in a timely manner, or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 22 

Disruptions at the FDA, foreign regulatory authorities and notified bodies to review and approve or certify new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, a government agency's ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the government's ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the FDA, other government agencies, foreign regulatory authorities and notified bodies have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. 
 
 Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Regulatory authorities and notified bodies outside the U.S. have adopted similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA, other regulatory authorities or notified bodies from conducting their regular inspections, audits, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities or notified bodies to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 For instance, in the EU, notified bodies must be officially designated to certify products and services in accordance with the EU Medical Devices Regulation. While several notified bodies have been designated under the EU Medical Devices Regulation the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly slowed down their designation process and the current designated notified bodies are facing a large amount of requests with the new regulation as a consequence of which review times have lengthened. This situation could impact our ability to grow our business in the EU and EEA and the ability of our notified body to timely review and process our regulatory submissions and perform its audits. 
 
 Legal, Compliance, and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with foreign, federal, and state data privacy and security laws, regulations and standards may adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance. 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws that govern the collection, use, disclosure, retention and security of personal information, including patient health information. The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, affect our or our collaborators', service providers' and contractors' ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer, use and share personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws and regulations could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners, including state data breach notification laws, federal and state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations (e.g. Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (the "FTC Act")). For example, the privacy, security and breach notification rules promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, establish a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of protected health information ("PHI") by health plans, health care clearinghouses and certain health care providers, called covered entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities contract for services that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting PHI, as well as their covered subcontractors. HIPAA also requires covered entities to provide individuals with certain rights with respect to their PHI, and requires covered entities to enter into a written business associate contract or other arrangement with the business associate that establishes specifically what the business associate has been engaged to do and requires the business associate to comply with the requirements of HIPAA. 
 
 HIPAA requires the notification of patients, and other compliance actions, in the event of a breach of unsecured PHI. If notification to patients of a breach is required, such notification must be provided without unreasonable delay and in no event later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. In addition, if the PHI of 500 or more individuals is improperly used or disclosed, we would be required to report the improper use or disclosure to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") which would post the violation on its website, and to the media. 
 23 

Penalties for failure to comply with a requirement of HIPAA vary significantly depending on the nature of violation and could include civil monetary or criminal penalties. HIPAA authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents for violations. Courts are able to award damages, costs and attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to file suit against us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care cases in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. 
 
 Certain states have also adopted privacy and security laws and regulations, some of which may be more stringent than HIPAA. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA"), which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA applies to certain businesses that collect personal information from California residents. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used by requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that term is broadly defined) and provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Although there are limited exemptions for health-related information, including PHI maintained by covered entities and business associates, the CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") recently passed in California. The CPRA imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It will also create a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The majority of the provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Connecticut, Utah and Colorado, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the U.S. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. In addition, the CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state privacy legislation that, if passed, could increase our potential liability, increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could be subject to penalties or sanctions, including criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information from a covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA or applicable state laws. 
 
 Furthermore, the FTC and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. For example, according to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers' personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. The FTC expects a company's data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. 
 
 Foreign data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), which became effective in May 2018, and EU and EEA member state data protection legislation, may also apply to health-related and other personal data obtained outside of the U.S. The GDPR imposes strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals within the EEA. The GDPR has and will continue to increase compliance burdens on us, including by mandating potentially burdensome documentation requirements and granting certain rights to individuals to control how we collect, use, disclose, retain and process data about them. Fines for non-compliance with the GDPR are significant-the greater of 20 million or 4 of global turnover. The GDPR provides that EU and EEA member states may impose further obligations relating to the processing of genetic, biometric or health data, which could limit our ability to collect, use and share personal data, or could cause our compliance costs to increase, ultimately having an adverse impact on our business. Data privacy laws in the EU and the EEA are developing rapidly and, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU (the "CJEU") limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal data from the EEA to the U.S. by invalidating the Privacy Shield for purposes of international transfers and imposing further restrictions on use of the standard contractual clauses ("SCCs"). In March 2022, the US and EU announced a new regulatory regime intended to replace the invalidated regulations; however, this new EU-US Data Privacy Framework has not been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the SCCs, it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. Use of the SCCs must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals and additional measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place, however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. The CJEU went on to state that if a competent supervisory authority believes that the SCCs cannot be complied with in the destination country and the required level of protection cannot be secured by 
 24 

other means, such supervisory authority is under an obligation to suspend or prohibit that transfer. The European Commission issued revised SCCs on June 4, 2021 to account for the decision of the CJEU and recommendations made by the European Data Protection Board. The revised SCCs must be used for relevant new data transfers from September 27, 2021; existing standard contractual clauses arrangements must be migrated to the revised clauses by December 27, 2022. There is some uncertainty around whether the revised clauses can be used for all types of data transfers, particularly whether they can be relied on for data transfers to non-EEA entities subject to the GDPR. The revised SCCs apply only to the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA and not the UK. The UK s Information Commissioner s Office has published new data transfer standard contracts for transfers from the UK under the UK GDPR. This new documentation will be mandatory for relevant data transfers from September 21, 2022; existing standard contractual clauses arrangements must be migrated to the new documentation by March 21, 2024. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Further, from January 1, 2021, companies have to comply with the GDPR and also the UK GDPR, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains the GDPR in UK national law. The UK GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR, e.g. fines up to the greater of 20 million 17.5 million) or 4 of global turnover. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision in favor of the UK, enabling data transfers from EU member states to the UK without additional safeguards. However, the UK adequacy decision will automatically expire in June 2025 unless the European Commission re-assesses and renews/extends that decision, and remains under review by the Commission during this period. In September 2021, the UK government launched a consultation on its proposals for wide-ranging reform of UK data protection laws following Brexit and the response to this consultation was published in June 2022. There is a risk that any material changes which are made to the UK data protection regime could result in the European Commission reviewing the UK adequacy decision, and the UK losing its adequacy decision if the European Commission deems the UK to no longer provide adequate protection for personal data. The relationship between the UK and the EU in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains unclear, and it is unclear how UK data protection laws and regulations will develop in the medium to longer term, and how data transfers to and from the UK will be regulated in the long term. 
 
 We are subject to certain fraud and abuse and transparency laws, which, if violated, could subject us to substantial penalties. Additionally, any challenge to or investigation into our practices under these laws could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to, and thus could harm our business. 
 There are numerous U.S. federal and state, as well as foreign, laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback, false claims and transparency laws regarding payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other licensed healthcare professionals. Our business practices and relationships with providers are subject to scrutiny under these laws. The healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce either the referral of an individual or furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. The U.S. government has interpreted this law broadly to apply to the marketing and sales activities of manufacturers; 
 the federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent. Private individuals can bring False Claims Act "qui tam" actions, on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as "whistleblowers," may share in amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. Moreover, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act; 
 the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; 
 the federal Physician Sunshine Act, which require certain applicable manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program ("CHIP") to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists 
 25 

and chiropractors), certain other healthcare providers (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified registered nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse midwives, and teaching hospitals), and applicable manufacturers and GPOs, to report annually ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 
 HIPAA, which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; and 
 analogous state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers or patients; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm customers; and state laws related to insurance fraud in the case of claims involving private insurers. 
 
 These laws and regulations, among other things, constrain our business, marketing and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements, including sales programs, we may have with hospitals, physicians or other potential purchasers of our products. Due to the breadth of these laws, the narrowness of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, and the range of interpretations to which they are subject, it is possible that some of our current or future practices might be challenged under one or more of these laws. 
 To enforce compliance with the healthcare regulatory laws, certain enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Responding to investigations can be time-and resource-consuming and can divert management's attention from the business. Additionally, as a result of these investigations, healthcare providers and entities may have to agree to additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. Even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity, and be costly to respond to. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the healthcare laws or regulations described above or any other healthcare regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, disgorgement and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Healthcare regulation and reform measures could adversely affect our revenue and financial condition. 
 
 Our profitability and operations are subject to risks relating to changes in government and private reimbursement programs and policies and changes in legal requirements in the U.S. and in the world. There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future revenues and profitability in the U.S. and abroad. Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times, enact legislation that results in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce the costs of medical products and services. For example, in 2010, the ACA was signed into law introducing comprehensive health insurance and healthcare reforms in the U.S. The ACA, among other things, provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government's comparative effectiveness research, and implemented payment system reforms including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians and other providers to improve the coordination, quality and efficiency of certain healthcare services through bundled payment models. Additionally, the ACA has expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs and created a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research. 
 
 We anticipate there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and commercial payors to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. The ultimate implementation of any healthcare reform legislation and any new laws and regulations, and its impact on us, is impossible to predict, particularly in light of the new presidential administration. Any significant reforms made to the healthcare system in the U.S., or in other jurisdictions, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 26 

Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to defend and enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, if our products are found to infringe patents or other proprietary rights owned by others or if the cost to protect our patents or other proprietary rights becomes excessive or as our patents expire. 
 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, business methods, software and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. Further, there is no assurance that patents pending will issue or that the protection from patents which have issued or may issue in the future will be broad enough to prevent competitors from introducing similar devices, that such patents, if challenged, will be upheld by the courts or that we will be able to prove infringement and damages in litigation. 
 
 We generally have multiple patents covering various features of a product, and as each patent expires, the protection afforded by that patent is no longer available to us, even though protection of features that are covered by other unexpired patents may continue to be available to us. The loss of patent protection on certain features of our products may make it possible for others to manufacture and sell products with features identical or similar to ours, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 If we fail to develop and successfully launch new products prior to the expiration of patents for our existing products, our sales and profits with respect to those products could decline significantly. We may not be able to develop and successfully launch more advanced replacement products before these and other patents expire. 
 
 In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside of the U.S., which could make it easier for competitors to obtain market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed by us. 
 
 If others choose to manufacture and sell products similar to or substantially the same as our products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business through loss of unit volume or price erosion, or both, and could adversely affect our ability to secure new business. 
 
 In the past, we have faced patent infringement claims related to our Clave products, the CLC2000 Connector and Tego Connector. We believe these claims had no merit, and all have been settled or dismissed. We may also face claims in the future. Additionally, there has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. Patent infringement litigation, which may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us or to defend ourselves against claimed infringement of the rights of others, can be expensive and may involve a substantial commitment of our resources which may divert resources from other uses. Adverse determinations in litigation or settlements could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, could require us to seek licenses from third parties, could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products or could fail to prevent competitors from manufacturing products similar to ours. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 From time to time we become aware of newly issued patents on medical devices, which we review to evaluate any infringement risk. We are aware of a number of patents for infusion connection systems that have been issued to others. While we believe these patents will not affect our ability to market our products, there is no assurance that these or other issued or pending patents might not interfere with our right or ability to manufacture and sell our products. 
 
 Our ability to market our products in the U.S. and other countries may be adversely affected if our products fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the FDA and regulatory agencies in other countries. 
 
 We and our products are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and elsewhere, including by the FDA and its foreign counterparts. The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies and notified bodies regulate, among other things, with respect to medical devices: design, development and manufacturing; testing, labeling, content and language of instructions for use and storage; clinical trials; product safety; establishment registration and device listing; marketing, sales and distribution; pre-market clearance, approval and certification; record keeping procedures; advertising and promotion; recalls and field safety corrective actions; post-market surveillance, including reporting of deaths or serious injuries and malfunctions that, if they were to recur, could lead to death or serious injury; post-market approval studies; and product import and export. 
 
 In the U.S., our medical device products are subject to clearance or approval by the U.S. FDA under the FDC Act. Before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, new claim for, or significant modification to, an existing product, we must first receive either clearance under Section 510(k) of the FDC Act or approval of PMA application from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. Under the 510(k) process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a pre-market notification, demonstrating that the device is "substantially equivalent," as defined in the FDC Act, to a legally marketed predicate device. 
 27 

To be "substantially equivalent," the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. If the manufacturer is unable to demonstrate substantial equivalence to FDA's satisfaction, or if there is no available predicate device, then the manufacturer may be required to seek approval through the PMA application process, which is generally more costly and time consuming than the 510(k) process. Through the PMA application process, the applicant must submit data and information demonstrating reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use to the FDA's satisfaction. Accordingly, a PMA application typically includes, but is not limited to, extensive technical information regarding device design and development, pre-clinical and clinical trial data, manufacturing information, labeling and financial disclosure information for the clinical investigators in device studies. 
 
 We currently market certain products that have received 510(k) clearance, and we may pursue 510(k) clearance for future products. However, certain of our new products may require a longer time for clearance than we have experienced in the past and there can be no assurance that a PMA application will not be required. Further, there is no assurance that other new products developed by us or any manufacturers that we might acquire will be eligible for 510(k) clearance rather than undergoing a more time consuming pre-market approval procedure or that, in any case, they will receive clearance or approval from the FDA. For example, in 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical, which has marketed its PORT-A-CATH implantable access systems pursuant to PMA approval. FDA regulatory processes are time consuming and expensive. Uncertainties as to the time required to obtain FDA clearances or approvals could adversely affect the timing and expense of new product introductions. 
 
 The regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in restrictions on our ability to continue or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs, or lower than anticipated sales. The FDA enforces these regulatory requirements through periodic unannounced inspections. Even after we have obtained the proper regulatory clearance or approval to market a product, we have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations and applicable foreign laws and regulations. The FDA, state and foreign regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers. 
 
 We do not know whether we will pass or be found compliant in any future inspections by FDA or other regulatory authorities. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA, state or foreign regulatory authorities which may include any of the following sanctions: 
 
 untitled letters or warning letters; 
 fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 
 recalls, termination of distribution, administrative detention, or seizure of our products; 
 customer notifications or repair, replacement or refunds; 
 operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 
 delays in or refusal to grant our requests for future 510(k) clearances, PMA approvals or foreign regulatory approvals of new products, new intended uses, or modifications to existing products; 
 withdrawals or suspensions of current 510(k) clearances or PMAs or foreign regulatory approvals, resulting in prohibitions on sales of our products; 
 FDA refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries; and 
 criminal prosecution. 
 
 The FDA's and other regulatory authorities' policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval or certification of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad. 
 
 In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our future products under development. For example, on February 23, 2022, the FDA issued a proposed rule to amend the Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which establishes current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical device manufacturers, to align more closely with the International Organization for Standardization, or ISO, standards. This proposal has not yet been finalized or adopted. Accordingly, it is unclear the extent to which this or any other proposals, if adopted, could impose additional or different regulatory requirements on us that could increase the costs of compliance or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business. 
 
 28 

Additionally, in September 2019, the FDA issued revised final guidance describing an optional "safety and performance based" pre-market review pathway for manufacturers of "certain, well-understood device types" to demonstrate substantial equivalence under the 510(k) clearance pathway by demonstrating that such device meets objective safety and performance criteria established by the FDA, thereby obviating the need for manufacturers to compare the safety and performance of their medical devices to specific predicate devices in the clearance process. The FDA maintains a list of device types appropriate for the "safety and performance based pathway" and continues to develop product-specific guidance documents that identify the performance criteria for each such device type, as well as recommended testing methods, where feasible. The FDA may establish performance criteria for classes of devices for which we or our competitors seek or currently have received clearance, and it is unclear the extent to which such performance standards, if established, could impact our ability to obtain new 510(k) clearances or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business. 
 
 In addition, FDA and foreign regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA and foreign counterparts in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new statutes, regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of any future products or make it more difficult to obtain clearance, approval, or certification to manufacture, market or distribute our products. We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted may have on our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things, require: additional testing prior to obtaining clearance, approval, or certification; changes to manufacturing methods; recall, replacement or discontinuance of our products; or additional record keeping. 
 
 For instance, the EU landscape concerning medical devices recently evolved. On May 25, 2017, the EU Medical Devices Regulation entered into force, which repeals and replaces the EU Medical Devices Directive. Unlike directives, which must be implemented into the national laws of the EU member states, regulations are directly applicable (i.e., without the need for adoption of EU member state laws implementing them) in all EU member states and are intended to eliminate current differences in the regulation of medical devices among EU member states. Devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant to the EU Medical Devices Directive prior to May 26, 2021 may generally continue to be made available on the market or put into service until May 26, 2025, provided that the requirements of the transitional provisions are fulfilled. In particular, the certificate in question must still be valid. However, even in this case, manufacturers must comply with a number of new or reinforced requirements set forth in the EU Medical Devices Regulation with regard to registration of economic operators and of devices, post-market surveillance, market surveillance and vigilance requirements. 
 
 Subject to the transitional provisions and in order to sell our products in EU member states, our products must comply with the general safety and performance requirements of the EU Medical Devices Regulation, which repeals and replaces EU Medical Devices Directive. All medical devices placed on the market in the EU must meet the general safety and performance requirements laid down in Annex I to the EU Medical Devices Regulation including the requirement that a medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. Medical devices must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and where applicable other persons, provided that any risks which may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. Compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the CE mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in the EU. See Government Regulation. To demonstrate compliance with the general safety and performance requirements, we must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its (risk) classification. Except for low risk medical devices (Class I), where the manufacturer can self-assess the conformity of its products with the general safety and performance requirements (except for any parts which relate to sterility, metrology or reuse aspects), a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a notified body. The notified body would typically audit and examine the technical file and the quality system for the manufacture, design and final inspection of our devices. If satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant general safety and performance requirements, the notified body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The manufacturer may then apply the CE mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EU. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we would be unable to affix the CE mark to our products, which would prevent us from selling them within the EU. 
 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. Non-compliance with the above requirements would also prevent us from selling our products in these three countries. 
 
 The rules applicable in Great Britain may differ from the EEA as a result of proposals for the new regulatory landscape which will be implemented, subject to a transitional period, as a result of Brexit. Following the transitional period, compliance 
 29 

with the UK regulations will be a prerequisite to be able to affix the UKCA mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in Great Britain. See Part 1, Item 1. Government Regulation - Regulation of Medical Devices in the European Union - Brexit. 
 
 If we or our component manufacturers fail to comply with the FDA's Quality System Regulation or Good Manufacturing Practice regulations or other requirements, our manufacturing operations could be interrupted, and our product sales and operating results could suffer. 
 
 We and some of our component manufacturers are required to comply with regulatory requirements known as the FDA's Quality System Regulation, or QSR, a complex regulatory scheme which covers the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, inspection, complaint handling, recordkeeping, management review, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage and shipping of our device products. The FDA's cGMPs apply to the manufacture of medical device components and finished medical devices. The FDA audits compliance with these regulatory requirements through periodic announced and unannounced inspections of manufacturing and other facilities. The FDA may conduct inspections or audits at any time, and we and some of our component suppliers are subject to such inspections. Although we believe our manufacturing facilities and those of our critical component suppliers are in compliance with the QSR requirements, and with applicable cGMPs for our products, we cannot provide assurance that any future inspection will not result in adverse findings. For example, on October 1, 2021, Smiths Medical received a Warning Letter from the FDA following an inspection of Smiths Medical s Minneapolis, Minnesota Facility on March 30, 2021. The Warning Letter cited, among other things, failures to comply with FDA's medical device reporting requirements and failures to comply with applicable portions of the QSR. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully resolve the issues identified in the Warning Letter or do so in a timely manner or that similar compliance issues will not be identified in a future FDA inspection. 
 
 If our manufacturing facilities or those of any of our component suppliers are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations, or we or our suppliers have significant noncompliance issues or fail to timely and adequately respond to any adverse inspectional observations or product safety issues, or if any corrective action plan that we or our suppliers propose in response to observed deficiencies is not sufficient, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities could take enforcement action, including any of the following sanctions: 
 
 untitled letters or warning letters; 
 fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 
 customer notifications or repair, replacement, refunds, recall, detention or seizure of our products; 
 operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 
 refusing or delaying our requests for clearance or approval or certifications of new products or modified products; 
 withdrawing clearances, approvals, or certifications that have already been granted; 
 refusal to grant export approval for our products; or 
 criminal prosecution. 
 
 Any of these sanctions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 To market our products in the EU, we must conform to additional requirements and demonstrate conformance to harmonized quality standards. A notified body would typically audit and examine a product's technical dossiers and the manufacturers' quality system (the notified body must presume that quality systems which implement the relevant harmonized standards which is ISO 13485:2016 for Medical Devices Quality Management Systems conform to these requirements). Subject to the transitional provisions, manufacturers of medical devices must also comply with the EU Medical Devices Regulation. Compliance with these requirements assure that medical devices are both safe and effective and do not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and where applicable other persons and meet all applicable established standards prior to being marketed in the EU. There is no assurance that we will continue to meet the requirements for distribution of our products in Europe. 
 
 In addition, the EU Medical Devices Regulation, among other things: 
 
 strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market (e.g. reclassification of certain devices and wider scope than the EU Medical Devices Directive) and reinforces surveillance once they are available; 
 establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers' responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
 establishes explicit provisions on importers' and distributors' obligations and responsibilities; 
 30 

imposes an obligation to identify a responsible person who is ultimately responsible for all aspects of compliance with the requirements of the new regulation; 
 improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through the introduction of a unique identification number, to increase the ability of manufacturers and regulatory authorities to trace specific devices through the supply chain and to facilitate the prompt and efficient recall of medical devices that have been found to present a safety risk; 
 sets up a central database (Eudamed) to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with comprehensive information on products available in the EU; and 
 strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo a clinical evaluation consultation procedure by experts before they are placed on the market. 
 
 As a result of these new requirements, we may be subject to risks associated with additional testing, modification, certification, or amendment of our existing certifications, or we may be required to modify products already installed at our customers' facilities to comply with the official interpretations of the EU Medical Devices Regulation. 
 
 Distribution of our products in other countries may be subject to regulation in those countries, and there is no assurance that we will obtain necessary approvals or certifications in countries in which we want to introduce our products. 
 
 The misuse or off-label use of our products may harm our reputation in the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to product liability suits or result in costly investigations, fines or sanctions by regulatory bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of these uses, any of which could be costly to our business. 
 
 Our products have been cleared, approved or certified by the FDA, foreign regulatory authorities and notified bodies for specific indications of use. We train our marketing personnel and direct sales force to not promote our products for uses outside of the FDA-cleared or approved indications for use, known as "off-label uses." We cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our products off-label, when in the physician's independent professional medical judgment he or she deems it appropriate. There may be increased risk of injury to patients if physicians attempt to use our products off-label. Furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those cleared or approved by the FDA or approved by any foreign body may not effectively treat such conditions, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. 
 
 If the FDA or any foreign regulatory authorities determine that our promotional materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance or imposition of an untitled letter, which is used for violators that do not necessitate a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that enforcement authorities might take action under other regulatory authority, such as false claims laws, if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including, but not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and the curtailment of our operations. 
 
 In addition, physicians may misuse our products or use improper techniques if they are not adequately trained, potentially leading to injury and an increased risk of product liability. If our products are misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation by our customers or their patients. 
 
 Litigation, product liability claims or product recalls could be costly and could expose us to loss. 
 
 The use of our products exposes us to an inherent risk of product liability. Further, the medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive litigation and we cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product liability or other lawsuits in the future. Patients, healthcare workers, healthcare providers or others who claim that our products have resulted in injury could initiate product liability litigation seeking large damage awards against us. Costs of the defense of such litigation, even if successful, could be substantial. We maintain insurance against product liability and defense costs in the amount of 40 million per occurrence. However, legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in judgments that affect how we operate our business, or we may enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages that exceed our insurance coverage, if any is available. A successful claim against us in excess of insurance coverage could materially and adversely affect us, and result in substantial liabilities and reputational harm including product recalls or withdrawals from the market, withdrawal of clinical trial participants or clinical studies, the inability to commercialize our existing or new products, distraction of management s attention from our primary business or decreased demand for our products or, if cleared or approved, products in development. 
 31 

While we may attempt to manage our product liability exposure by proactively recalling or withdrawing from the market any defective products, any recall or market withdrawal of our products may delay the supply of those products to our customers and may impact our reputation. We can provide no assurance that we will be successful in initiating appropriate market recall or market withdrawal efforts that may be required in the future or that these efforts will have the intended effect of preventing product malfunctions and the accompanying product liability that may result. Such recalls and withdrawals may also be used by our competitors to harm our reputation for safety or be perceived by patients as a safety risk when considering the use of our products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, we generally offer a limited warranty for product returns which are due to defects in quality and workmanship. We attempt to estimate our potential liability for future product returns and establish reserves on our financial statements in amounts that we believe will be sufficient to address our warranty obligations; however, our actual liability for product returns may significantly exceed the amount of our reserves. If we underestimate our potential liability for future product returns, or if unanticipated events result in returns that exceed our historical experience, our financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our products may cause or contribute to adverse medical events or be subject to failures or malfunctions that we are required to report to the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, and if we fail to do so, we would be subject to sanctions that could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The discovery of serious safety issues with our products, or a recall of our products either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another governmental authority, could have a negative impact on us. 
 
 We are subject to the FDA's medical device reporting regulations and similar foreign regulations, which require us to report to the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities when we receive or become aware of information that reasonably suggests that one or more of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that, if the malfunction were to recur, it could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. The timing of our obligation to report is triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the event. We may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed timeframe. We may also fail to recognize that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of the product. If we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities could take action, including warning letters, untitled letters, administrative actions, criminal prosecution, imposition of civil monetary penalties, revocation of our device clearances, approvals or certifications, seizure of our products or delay in clearance, approval, or certification of future products. 
 
 The FDA and foreign regulatory bodies have the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture of a product or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. The FDA s authority to require a recall must be based on a finding that there is reasonable probability that the device could cause serious injury or death. We may also choose to voluntarily recall a product if any material deficiency is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing defects, labeling or design deficiencies, packaging defects or other deficiencies or failures to comply with applicable regulations. Product defects or other errors may occur in the future. For example, on June 26, 2020, Smiths Medical ASD initiated Class 1 recalls of a Medfusion Syringe Pump. We can provide no assurance that our efforts to work with the FDA to complete the Class 1 recall, and ultimately close, this product recall will be accomplished in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, the costs associated with conducting and closing this recall, including any liabilities we may incur, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Depending on the corrective action we take to redress a product's deficiencies or defects, the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may require, or we may decide, that we will need to obtain new clearances, approvals or certifications for the device before we may market or distribute the corrected device. Seeking such clearances, approvals or certifications may delay our ability to replace the recalled devices in a timely manner. Moreover, if we do not adequately address problems associated with our devices, we may face additional regulatory enforcement action, including FDA or foreign regulatory authorities warning letters, product seizure, injunctions, administrative penalties or civil or criminal fines. 
 
 Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls and corrections, even if they are not reportable to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. We may initiate voluntary withdrawals or corrections for our products in the future that we determine do not require notification of the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. If the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities disagree with our determinations, it could require us to report those actions as recalls and we may be subject to 
 32 

enforcement action. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers, potentially lead to product liability claims against us and negatively affect our sales. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business and may harm our reputation and financial results. 
 
 Geographic Risks 
 
 Our operations may be adversely impacted by our exposure to risks related to foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates due to our operations in foreign markets through our foreign subsidiaries and other international distributors. Our primary foreign currency exchange rate exposures are currently with the Euro, Mexican Peso, Czech Koruna, Japanese Yen, Chinese Renminbi, Australian Dollar, and the Canadian Dollar against the U.S. dollar. Our income and expenses are based on a mix of currencies, and a decline in one currency relative to the other currencies could adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, our operating results are reported in U.S. dollars, using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date, or, for revenues and expenses, using the average monthly exchange rates during the year. Accordingly, our operating results are subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Generally, when the U.S. dollar weakens against these currencies, the dollar value of foreign-currency denominated revenue and expense increases, and when the U.S. dollar strengthens against these currencies, the dollar value of foreign-currency denominated revenue and expense decreases. We are also exposed to foreign currency risk on outstanding foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. Accordingly, changes in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates are caused by a number of factors that are beyond our control, including a country s political and economic policies, inflationary conditions, disruptions in the financial markets, and global economic conditions. During 2022, we recorded 5.8 million in foreign exchange losses due to the volatility of foreign exchange rates as a result of continued global macroeconomic challenges. 
 
 We currently only partially hedge against our foreign currency exchange rate risks, related to certain forecasted foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses for Smiths Medical. We, therefore, believe our exposure to these risks may be higher than if we entered into hedging transactions, including forward exchange contracts or similar instruments that covered the whole company. If we decide in the future to enter into additional forward foreign exchange contracts to attempt to reduce the risk related to foreign currency exchange rates, these contracts may not mitigate the potential adverse impact on our financial results due to the limitations and difficulty forecasting future activity. In addition, these types of contracts may themselves cause financial harm to us and have inherent levels of counter-party risk over which we would have no control. We attempt to mitigate a portion of foreign currency exchange rate risks through foreign currency hedging. Our hedging activities, however, may not sufficiently offset the adverse financial impact caused by unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business, and such exchange rate impacts could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Any significant changes in U.S. trade, tax or other policies that restrict imports or increase import tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 A significant amount of our products are manufactured outside of the U.S. The U.S. government has recently initiated substantial changes in U.S. trade policy and U.S. trade agreements, including the initiation of tariffs on certain foreign goods. In response to these tariffs, certain foreign governments, including China, have instituted or are considering imposing tariffs on certain U.S. goods. For example, in 2018, the U.S. imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from China and certain other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by China and other countries. Additional tariffs imposed by the U.S. on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by other countries in response, could prevent or make it difficult for us to obtain the components needed for new products which would affect our sales. Increased tariffs would require us to increase our prices which likely would decrease customer and consumer demand for our products. Additionally, we are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Any significant changes in current U.S. trade, tax or other policies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 International sales pose additional risks related to competition with larger international companies and established local companies and our possibly higher cost structure. 
 
 We have undertaken an initiative to increase our international sales, and have distribution arrangements in all the principal countries in Western Europe, the Pacific Rim, Middle East, Latin America, Canada and South Africa. We plan to sell in most other areas of the world. We export most of our products sold internationally primarily from the U.S. and Mexico and to a lesser extent Costa Rica. Our principal competitors in international markets consist of much larger companies as well as smaller companies already established in the countries into which we sell our products. Our cost structure is often higher than 
 33 

that of our competitors because of the relatively high cost of transporting product to some local markets as well as our competitors lower local labor costs in some markets. 
 
 Our international sales are subject to higher credit risks than sales in the U.S. Many of our distributors are small and may not be well capitalized. Payment terms are relatively long. The European hospitals tend to be significantly slower in payment which has resulted in and may continue to result in an increase to our days sales outstanding from previous years. Our prices to our international distributors, outside of Europe, for product shipped to the customers from the U.S., Costa Rica or Mexico are generally denominated in U.S. dollars, but their resale prices are set in their local currency. A decline in the value of the local currency in relation to the U.S. dollar may adversely affect their ability to profitably sell in their market the products they buy from us, and may adversely affect their ability to make payment to us for the products they purchase. Legal recourse for non-payment of indebtedness may be uncertain. These factors all contribute to a potential for credit losses. 
 
 We are dependent on manufacturing in Mexico, and could be adversely affected by that region's increased labor costs and any economic, social or political disruptions. 
 
 Most of the material we use in manufacturing is imported into Mexico, and substantially all of the products we manufacture in Mexico are exported. Business activity in the Ensenada area has expanded significantly, providing increased employment opportunities. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to hire or retain necessary personnel and result in higher labor costs. In addition, minimum wages in regions within which we operate have increased labor costs significantly. We continue to take steps to compete for labor through attractive employment conditions and benefits, but there is no assurance that these steps will continue to be successful or that we will not continue to face increasing labor costs in the future. 
 
 Any political or economic disruption in Mexico or a change in its local economies could have an adverse effect on our operations. We depend on our ability to move goods across borders quickly, and any disruption in the free flow of goods across national borders could have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, political and social instability resulting from violence in certain areas of Mexico has raised concerns about the safety of our personnel. These concerns may hinder our ability to send domestic personnel abroad and to hire and retain local personnel. Such concerns may require us to conduct more operations from the U.S. rather than Mexico, which may negatively impact our operations and result in higher costs and inefficiencies. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other commercial advantage. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, which often carry substantial penalties, including criminal and civil fines, potential loss of export licenses, possible suspension of the ability to do business with the federal government, denial of government reimbursement for products and exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. We operate in jurisdictions that have experienced governmental and private sector corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with certain local customs and practices. We cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures always will protect us from reckless or other inappropriate acts committed by our affiliates, employees, distributors or other agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the U.S. 
 
 We operate in a global market and global operations are subject to a number of risks. Sales to customers outside of the U.S. made up approximately 36 of our revenues in 2022 and as our operations and sales located in Europe and other areas outside the U.S. increase, we may face new challenges and uncertainties, although we can give no assurance that such operations and sales will increase. 
 
 The risks associated with our operations outside the U.S. also include: 
 
 economic and political uncertainty; 
 changes in non-U.S. government programs; 
 multiple non-U.S. regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products; 
 different local medical practices, product preferences and product requirements; 
 possible failure to comply with trade protection and restriction measures and import or export licensing requirements; 
 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; 
 34 

different labor regulations or work stoppages or strikes; 
 political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts (such as the conflict in Ukraine); 
 economic instability in other parts of the world and the impact on interest rates, inflation and the credit worthiness of our customers in foreign countries; 
 uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures; 
 minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; 
 natural disasters or outbreak of diseases (including COVID-19); 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 disputes between countries, trade relationships and conflicts ); and 
 imposition of government controls. 
 
 These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to our Strategic Transactions 
 
 The Smiths Medical acquisition completed in January 2022 has resulted in organizational changes and significant growth to our business. If we fail to effectively manage this growth and change to our business in a manner that preserves our reputation with customers and the key aspects of our corporate culture, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 The Smiths Medical acquisition has resulted in significant growth in our personnel and operations, adding approximately 6,700 employees to our headcount at the time of acquisition. Our total headcount as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 14,500 employees. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenditures and the allocation of management time to assimilate the Smiths Medical employees in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, including a focus on strong customer satisfaction, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts. If we do not effectively integrate, train and manage our combined employee base and maintain strong customer relationships, our corporate culture could be undermined, the quality of our products and customer service could suffer, and our reputation could be harmed, each of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Smiths Medical acquisition is a significant acquisition for us and the product offerings within Smiths Medical are not product offerings that we previously offered. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to realize our anticipated benefits, opportunities and synergies from combining our legacy businesses and Smiths Medical. We can provide no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the Smiths Medical acquisition will be fully realized in the time frame anticipated or at all. Integrating the operations of Smiths Medical with that of our legacy business has been and will continue to be a complex, costly and time-consuming process. The integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively, would restrict the realization of the full expected benefits. The failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating the two businesses could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined businesses and could adversely affect the results of operations of the combined businesses. Potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following: 
 
 challenges in preserving important strategic customer and other third-party relationships of both businesses; 
 the diversion of management s attention to integration matters; 
 challenges in maintaining employee morale and retaining or attracting key employees; 
 potential incompatibility of corporate cultures; 
 costs, delays and other difficulties consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and information systems and implementing common systems and procedures including, in particular, our internal controls over financial reporting; and 
 coordinating and integrating a geographically dispersed organization, including operations in jurisdictions we did not operate in prior to the Smiths Medical transaction. 
 
 Any one or all of these factors may increase operating costs or lower anticipated financial performance. Achieving the anticipated benefits and the potential benefits underlying our reasons for the Smiths Medical business acquisition will depend on successful integration of the businesses. Because of the significance of the Smiths Medical business acquisition to us, our failure to successfully integrate the Smiths Medical business with that of our own could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 35 

The actual impact of the Smiths Medical acquisition on our financial results may be worse than the assumptions we have used. 
 
 We have made certain assumptions relating to the impact on our financial results of the Smiths Medical acquisition. These assumptions relate to numerous matters, including the acquisition costs, transaction and integration costs, and other financial and strategic risks of the acquisition. If one or more of these assumptions are incorrect, it could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results, and the perceived benefits from the acquisition may not be realized. 
 
 If we are unable to effectively manage our internal growth or growth through acquisitions of companies, assets or products, our financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may expand our product offerings through acquisitions of companies or product lines. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify, acquire, develop or profitably manage additional companies or operations or successfully integrate such companies or operations into our existing operations without substantial costs, delays or other challenges. We recently acquired the Smiths Medical business, which includes syringe and ambulatory infusion devices, vascular access, and vital care products, but we have to make significant integration efforts to achieve the anticipated benefits. See The Smiths Medical acquisition completed in January 2022 has resulted in organizational changes and significant growth to our business. If we fail to effectively manage this growth and change to our business in a manner that preserves our reputation with customers and the key aspects of our corporate culture, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed . 
 
 We have additional production facilities outside the U.S. to reduce labor costs. We intend to continue to expand our marketing and distribution capability, which may include external expansion through acquisitions both in the U.S. and foreign markets. The expansion of our marketing, distribution and product offerings both internally and through acquisitions or by contract may place substantial burdens on our management resources and financial controls. Decentralization of assembly and manufacturing could place further burdens on management to manage those operations and maintain efficiencies and quality control. 
 
 The increasing burdens on our management resources and financial controls resulting from internal growth and acquisitions could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, acquisitions may involve a number of special risks in addition to the difficulty of integrating cultures and operations and the diversion of management s attention, including adverse short-term effects on our reported operating results, dependence on retention, hiring and training of key personnel, risks associated with unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, and amortization of acquired intangible assets, some or all of which could materially and adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 
 
 As a result of the Smiths Medical acquisition, we have used a significant portion of our cash on hand and incurred a substantial amount of debt to finance the cash consideration portion and certain other amounts paid in connection with the Smiths Medical acquisition, which could adversely affect our business, including by restricting our ability to engage in additional transactions or incur additional indebtedness. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 213.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and investment securities on hand, which was significantly less than the approximately 571.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and investment securities we had as of December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of the use of existing cash to partially fund the Smiths Medical acquisition. Although our management believes that we continue to have sufficient access to cash to meet our business objectives and capital needs, we do have a decreased availability of cash, cash equivalents and investment securities and we expect to have such decreased availability of cash for the foreseeable future which could constrain our ability to grow our business. Furthermore, in connection with the Smiths Medical transaction and the payment of the cash consideration, we entered into Senior Secured Credit Facilities (the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities") of 2.2 billion consisting of a term loan A facility of 850.0 million, a term loan B facility of 850.0 million and a revolving credit facility of 500.0 million. As a result of entering into the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we incurred additional borrowing costs. Our more leveraged financial position following the Smiths Medical transaction could make us more vulnerable to general economic downturns and industry conditions, and place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors. In the event that we do not have adequate capital to maintain or develop our business and need to seek additional financing, additional capital may not be available to us on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. Moreover, our Senior Secured Credit Facilities have certain restrictions that may limit how we operate our business, including our ability to engage in certain transactions and incur additional indebtedness, and our business may be materially and adversely affected if these restrictions prevent us from implementing our business plan. See Business and Operating Risks - The agreements governing our debt contain a number of restrictive covenants which limit our flexibility in operating our business, finance future operations or pursue our business strategies . 
 
 36 

We have and may continue to acquire businesses, form strategic alliances or make investments in businesses or technologies. Such transactions or investments could result in unforeseen operating difficulties or expenditures and require significant management resources, charges or write-downs that could adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 
 We have and may continue to seek to supplement our internal growth through acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as investments and strategic alliances. We compete for those opportunities with others including our competitors, some of which have greater financial or operational resources than we do. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or strategic partners, we may have inadequate access to information or insufficient time to complete due diligence, and we may not be able to complete such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. Such transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly-acquired business requires significant effort and management attention that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our other businesses. 
 
 The success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. Integration of an acquired business also may disrupt our ongoing operations and require management resources that we would otherwise focus on developing our existing business. For example, we acquired the HIS business in February 2017, which includes IV pumps, solutions, and devices in order to create a leading pure-play infusion therapy company, and we acquired Smiths Medical in January 2022, which includes syringe and ambulatory infusion devices, vascular access, and vital care products. We invested significant time and resources into the HIS integration in order to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction, and we are doing the same with the Smiths Medical integration. 
 
 In addition, any acquisition could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or future write-offs of intangible assets or goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations 
 and cash flows. We may also experience losses related to investments in other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As such, there can be no assurance that any past or future transactions or investments will be successful. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our material properties used by us in connection with our corporate administrative operations, manufacturing, distribution, research and development and service centers as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 
 37 

Location Approximate Square Footage Primary Use Owned/Leased San Clemente, California, U.S. 39,000 Corporate Headquarters and R D Owned San Clemente, California, U.S. 28,108 Corporate Headquarters Leased San Diego, California, U.S. 44,779 Corporate Offices and R D Leased Lake Forest, Illinois, U.S. 137,498 Corporate Offices Leased Dublin, Ohio, U.S. 13,021 Corporate Offices Leased Houten, Netherlands 7,341 Corporate Offices Leased Montreal, Canada 16,414 Corporate Offices/Device service center Leased Rydalmere, NSW Australia 14,735 Corporate Offices/Device service center Leased Chennai, India 36,879 R D Leased Plymouth, Minnesota, U.S. 99,977 Corporate Offices Leased Kent, United Kingdom 35,759 Corporate Offices Leased Ontario, Canada 25,020 Corporate Offices Leased Austin, Texas, U.S. 594,602 Manufacturing Owned Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico 265,021 Manufacturing Owned La Aurora, Costa Rica 626,869 Manufacturing Owned Salt Lake City, Utah, U.S. 450,000 Manufacturing/Device Service Center Owned Dublin, Ohio, U.S. 117,212 Manufacturing Owned Gary, Indiana, U.S. 40,316 Manufacturing Owned Southington, Connecticut, U.S. 132,000 Manufacturing Owned Tijuana, Mexico (multiple locations) 243,935 Manufacturing Leased Hranice, Czech Republic 106,735 Manufacturing Leased Latina, Italy 62,400 Manufacturing Leased Keene, New Hampshire, U.S. 141,195 Warehouse/Manufacturing Owned Oakdale, Minnesota, U.S. 93,648 Warehouse/Manufacturing/Device Service Center Leased Round Rock, Texas, U.S. 71,960 Warehouse/Manufacturing Owned Dallas, Texas, U.S. 610,806 Distribution Warehouse Leased King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, U.S. 105,571 Distribution Warehouse Owned Santa Fe Springs, California, U.S. 76,794 Distribution Warehouse Owned Wijchen, Netherlands 149,565 Distribution Warehouse Leased Olive Branch, Mississippi, U.S. 239,863 Distribution Warehouse Leased Sligo, Ireland 26,000 Device service center Leased 
 
 In addition to the above, we own and lease additional office and building space, research and development, and sales and support offices primarily in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 38 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ICUI. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never paid dividends and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future as the Board of Directors intends to retain future earnings for use in our business to pay down our long-term debt or to purchase our shares. Any future determination as to payment of dividends or purchase of our shares will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 45 stockholders of record. This does not include persons whose shares are held in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 
 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans are discussed in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Issuer Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 
 The following is a summary of our stock repurchasing activity during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Shares purchased Average price paid per share Shares purchased as part of a publicly announced program Approximate 
 dollar value that 
 may yet be 
 purchased 
 under the 
 program (1) 
 10/01/2022 - 10/31/2022 100,000,000 11/01/2022 - 11/30/2022 100,000,000 12/01/2022 - 12/31/2022 100,000,000 Fourth quarter 2022 total 100,000,000 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Our common stock purchase plan, which authorized the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our common stock, was authorized by our Board of Directors and publicly announced in August 2019. This plan has no expiration date. We are not obligated to make any purchases under our stock purchase program. Subject to applicable state and federal corporate and securities laws, purchases under a stock purchase program may be made at such times and in such amounts as we deem appropriate, depending on a variety of factors, including our financial position, earnings, share price, capital requirements, other investment opportunities (including mergers and acquisitions and related financings), market conditions and other factors. Purchases made under our stock purchase program can be discontinued at any time we determine additional purchases are not warranted. 

39 

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN FROM DECEMBER 31, 2017 TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 OF ICU MEDICAL, INC., NASDAQ AND NASDAQ MEDICAL SUPPLIES INDEX 
 
 The following graph shows the total stockholder return on our common stock based on the market price of the common stock from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 and the total returns of the NASDAQ U.S. Index and NASDAQ Medical Supplies Index for the same period. 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 ICU Medical, Inc. 100.00 106.31 86.63 99.30 109.88 72.91 Nasdaq U.S. Index 100.00 94.56 124.03 150.41 189.36 152.00 Nasdaq Medical Supplies Index 100.00 107.34 141.51 179.59 215.55 141.34 
 
 Assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in ICU Medical Inc. s common stock, the NASDAQ U.S. Index and the NASDAQ Medical Supplies Index and that all dividends, if any, were reinvested. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors or in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Business Overview and Highlights 
 
 We develop, manufacture, and sell infusion systems, infusion consumables and high-value critical care products used in hospital, alternate site and home care settings. Our team is focused on providing quality, innovation and value to our clinical customers worldwide. Our product portfolio includes IV solutions, IV smart pumps with pain management and safety software technology, dedicated and nondedicated IV sets and needlefree connectors designed to help meet clinical, safety and workflow goals. In addition, we manufacture automated pharmacy IV compounding systems with workflow technology, closed system 
 40 

transfer devices for preparing and administering hazardous IV drugs and cardiac monitoring systems for critically ill patients. With the recent acquisition of Smiths Medical, our product portfolio expanded to include, among other products, syringe and ambulatory pumps, peripheral IV catheters, fluid warming and respiratory devices and silicone and PVC tracheotomy tubes. 
 
 Acquisition of Smiths Medical 2020 Limited 
 
 On January 6, 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical, the holding company of Smiths Group plc's global medical device business for a purchase price of 1.9 billion in cash, 2.5 million of fully paid and non-assessable shares of our common stock, par value 0.10 per share and a potential contingent earn-out payment of 100.0 million in cash, based on our common stock performance and other considerations. Results of operations of acquired companies are included in our consolidated financial results from the date of acquisition. 
 
 To partially finance the acquisition, we entered into the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement") with Wells Fargo Bank and other financial institutions as lenders. The Credit Agreement provides for 2.2 billion of senior secured credit facilities, including a five-year term loan A facility of 850.0 million, a seven-year term loan B facility of 850.0 million and a five-year revolving credit facility of 500.0 million collectively (the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities"). See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in the remainder of this item and Note 11 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic and other Global Geopolitical Events 
 
 Our business operations have been, and we expect will continue to be, impacted by the novel coronavirus and its variants ("COVID-19"), which has caused lower hospital admissions and medical procedure volumes and by the continuing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. These events have resulted in global economic challenges, and impacts to us and our business, such as rising inflation, especially with respect to freight costs driven by the higher fuel prices, increased cost of raw materials as well as shortages, and supply chain disruptions which have negatively impacted our gross profit margin during 2022. The rising interest rates and foreign currency impact due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar have also impacted our results of operations during 2022. 
 
 While we continually monitor the ongoing and evolving impact of the above events on our operations the overall impact remains uncertain and may not be fully reflected until future periods. The overall impact to our results of operations will depend on factors such as the duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict in the Ukraine and the related global economic challenges, none of which can be fully predicted at this time. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 We present our consolidated statements of operations for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The following table shows, for each of the three most recent years, the respective percentages of items in our statements of operations in relation to total revenues: 
 41 

Percentage of Revenues 2022 2021 2020 Total revenues 100 100 100 Gross profit 31 37 36 Selling, general and administrative expenses 27 23 22 Research and development expenses 4 4 3 Restructuring, strategic transaction and integration expenses 3 1 2 Change in fair value of contingent earn-out (1) 1 Contract settlement Total operating expenses 33 28 28 Income from operations (2) 9 8 Interest expense (3) Other income, net (Loss) income before income taxes (5) 9 8 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (2) 1 1 Net (loss) income (3) 8 7 
 
 Total revenues were 2.3 billion, 1.3 billion and 1.3 billion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, total revenue by product line as a percentage of total revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, Product line 2022 2021 2020 Infusion Consumables 25 42 37 Infusion Systems 15 27 28 IV Solutions 16 27 31 Critical Care 2 4 4 Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical 15 Vascular Access-Smiths Medical 14 Vital Care-Smiths Medical 13 100 100 100 
 
 We manage our product distribution through a network of owned and leased distribution facilities in combination with independent distributors and third-party fulfillment and logistics providers. Our end customers, which include healthcare providers and original equipment manufacturer suppliers, may order and receive our products directly from us or through an independent full-line distributor. 
 
 In the U.S. a substantial amount of our products are sold to group purchasing organization ("GPO") member hospitals. We believe that as healthcare providers continue to either consolidate or join major buying organizations, the success of our products will depend, in part, on our ability, either independently or through strategic relationships to secure long-term contracts with large healthcare providers and major buying organizations. 
 
 Seasonality/Quarterly Results 
 
 There are no significant seasonal aspects to our business. We can experience fluctuations in net sales as a result of variations in the ordering patterns of our largest customers, which may be driven more by COVID-19 pandemic surges and its impact on hospital admissions and procedure volumes along with production scheduling and customer inventory levels, and less by seasonality. Our expenses often do not fluctuate in the same manner as net sales, which may cause fluctuations in operating income that are disproportionate to fluctuations in our revenue. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 In addition to comparing changes in revenue on a U.S. GAAP basis, we also compare the changes in revenue from one period to another using constant currency. The presentation of revenues on a constant currency basis is a non-GAAP financial 
 42 

measure that excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that occurred between the comparative periods. We provide constant currency information to enhance the visibility of underlying business trends, excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency translation rates. We believe this information is useful to investors to facilitate comparisons and better identify trends in our business. Our constant currency revenues reflect current year local currency revenues at prior year's average exchange rates. We consistently apply this approach to revenues for all currencies where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Revenues on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Infusion Consumables 
 
 The following table summarizes our total Infusion Consumables revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Infusion Consumables 566.6 555.2 473.7 11.4 2.1 81.5 17.2 
 
 Infusion Consumables revenue increased in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to increased customer demand in our global core infusion, global oncology and renal products. On a constant currency basis, Infusion Consumables revenue would have been 582.1 million, an increase of 26.9 million or 4.9 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Infusion Consumables revenue increased in 2021, as compared to 2020. The increase was due to lower hospital census in 2020 driven by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, growth in our global oncology, U.S. core infusion and renal products and the impact from foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, Infusion Consumables revenue would have been 546.3 million, an increase of 72.6 million or 15.3 , as compared to 2020. 
 
 Infusion Systems 
 
 The following table summarizes our total Infusion Systems revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Infusion Systems 351.1 352.3 359.7 (1.2) (0.3) (7.4) (2.1) 
 
 Infusion Systems revenue decreased in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to the impact of foreign currency. On a constant currency basis, Infusion Systems revenue would have been 363.7 million, an increase of 11.4 million or 3.2 , as compared to 2021 driven by higher large volume pump ("LVP") dedicated set sales from the larger install base of LVPs and software sales. 
 
 Infusion Systems revenue decreased in 2021, as compared to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to large volume pump sales driven by higher COVID-19-related purchases during the second and third quarters of 2020 and a decline in sales of our non-large volume pump business, which has been partially offset by higher dedicated set sales in 2021 as a result of higher hospital census and larger install base of large volume pump from new customer installations. On a constant currency basis, Infusion Systems revenue in 2021 would have been 351.4 million, a decrease of 8.3 million or 2.3 , as compared to 2020. 
 
 IV Solutions 
 
 The following table summarizes our total IV Solutions revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 IV Solutions 363.5 359.5 389.0 4.0 1.1 (29.5) (7.6) 
 
 43 

IV Solutions sales increased in 2022, as compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in contract manufacturing sales to Pfizer. 
 
 IV Solutions sales decreased in 2021, as compared to 2020, primarily due to lower contract manufacturing sales to Pfizer and lower production volumes due to supply constraints in the market. 
 
 Critical Care 
 
 The following table summarizes our total Critical Care revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Critical Care 47.3 49.3 48.6 (2.0) (4.1) 0.7 1.4 
 
 Critical Care revenue decreased slightly in 2022, as compared to 2021. 
 
 Critical Care revenue increased for 2021, as compared to 2020 due primarily to higher U.S. hospital census as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical 
 
 The following table summarizes our total Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical 340.1 340.1 nm nm nm 
 The Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical revenue is a result of the acquisition of Smiths Medical. The year-to-date amount in the table above represents approximately twelve months of revenue from the closing date of the transaction to the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenues in the current period is lower than historical results due to lower demand and operational challenges caused by supply chain and fulfillment constraints. 
 
 Vascular Access-Smiths Medical 
 
 The following table summarizes our total Vascular Access-Smiths Medical revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Vascular Access-Smiths Medical 326.8 326.8 nm nm nm 
 
 The Vascular Access-Smiths Medical revenue is a result of the acquisition of Smiths Medical. The year-to-date amount in the table above represents approximately twelve months of revenue from the closing date of the transaction to the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenues in the current period is lower than historical results due to lower demand and operational challenges caused by supply chain and fulfillment constraints. 
 
 Vital Care-Smiths Medical 
 
 The following table summarizes our total Vital Care-Smiths Medical revenue (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Vital Care-Smiths Medical 284.6 284.6 nm nm nm 
 44 

The Vital Care-Smiths Medical revenue is a result of the acquisition of Smiths Medical. The year-to-date amount in the table above represents approximately twelve months of revenue from the closing date of the transaction to the end of the current year ended December 31, 2022. Revenues in the current period is lower than historical results due to lower demand and operational challenges caused by supply chain and fulfillment constraints. 
 
 Gross Margins 
 
 Gross margins were 30.6 , 37.3 and 36.3 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The decrease in gross margin in 2022, as compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the acquisition of Smiths Medical, inflationary cost increases in our supply chain, and lower manufacturing absorption due to supply chain disruptions. Smiths Medical gross margins are lower than historical ICU margins for the current year primarily due to spending on quality systems and product-related remediation, the cost recognition of the purchase accounting write-up of inventory and freight costs. The inflationary cost increases during 2022 caused by COVID-19 and the war in the Ukraine notably impacted our freight rates as well as, labor and materials costs. Partially offsetting the decrease to gross margin in the current period was the impact from increased sales of higher margin consumables products. 
 
 The increase in gross margin in 2021, as compared to 2020 was primarily due to product mix and increased plant volumes, partially offset by increased costs for raw materials, direct labor and freight. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative ("SG A") Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our SG A expenses (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 SG A 608.3 302.6 284.0 305.7 101.0 18.6 6.5 
 
 Consolidated SG A expenses increased in 2022, as compared to 2021. In 2022, SG A increased 296.6 million due to the impact of the Smiths Medical acquisition, which included 103.8 million of salaries and benefits, 116.8 million of depreciation and amortization expense and 19.7 million of IT and business support services. The remainder of the increase in SG A was attributable mostly due to higher selling expense due to revenue growth and the impact of inflation. 
 
 Consolidated SG A expenses increased in 2021, as compared to 2020. Compensation expense increased 7.9 million, dealer fees increased 5.7 million, stock compensation increased 2.9 million, legal expenses increased 2.3 million and computer expenses increased 1.5 million. Offsetting these increases was a 2.3 million decrease in bad debt expense and 1.6 million decrease in commissions. Compensation expense increased primarily due to increased headcount and annual compensation merit increases. Dealer fees increased due to an increase in revenue from U.S. distributors in the current year. Stock compensation increased due to a change during the current year in the number of performance shares expected to vest. Legal fees increased due to additional services performed in the current year related to various legal matters. Computer expenses increased due to increased maintenance costs as well as increased hardware, software and software subscriptions based on operational needs. Bad debt expense is adjusted quarterly, if deemed necessary, based on an assessment of our accounts receivables and our expectations regarding the collectability of those accounts. Commissions decreased due to the commission plan structure in the prior year, which included certain guaranteed payments. 
 
 Research and Development ("R D") Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our total R D expenses (in millions, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, change change change change 2022 2021 2020 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 R D 93.0 47.5 42.9 45.5 95.8 4.6 10.7 
 
 R D expenses increased in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to the acquisition of Smiths Medical. R D expenses are primarily related to headcount and employment expenses in support of ongoing R D projects 
 
 45 

R D expenses increased in 2021, as compared to 2020. Fluctuations in our R D expenses are related to headcount and employment expenses due to the timing and nature of various R D projects. 
 
 R D expenses generally include compensation and benefit expenses, consulting fees, production supplies, samples, travel costs, utilities and other miscellaneous administrative costs incurred on our ongoing R D projects. 
 
 Restructuring, Strategic Transaction and Integration Expenses 
 
 Restructuring, strategic transaction and integration expenses were 71.4 million, 18.0 million and 28.4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 In 2022, we incurred restructuring charges of 9.7 million primarily related to severance costs. 
 
 In 2021, we adjusted certain facility restructuring liabilities by 2.0 million to reflect actual amounts owed resulting in annual net restructuring credits of (1.8) million. 
 
 In 2020, restructuring charges were 7.9 million. These charges were primarily related to severance and costs related to office and other facility closures. 
 
 Strategic Transaction and Integration Expenses 
 
 In 2022, we incurred 61.7 million in strategic transaction and integration expenses primarily related to our acquisition of Smiths Medical, which included legal expenses, bank fees and employee costs, and a United Kingdom stamp tax. 
 
 In 2021, we incurred 19.8 million in strategic transaction and integration expenses primarily related to integration costs associated with acquisitions, the Hospira Infusion Systems ("HIS") earn-out dispute with Pfizer, one-time costs incurred to comply with regulatory initiatives and transaction expenses incurred in connection with entering into the definitive agreement to acquire Smiths Medical. 
 
 In 2020, we incurred 20.5 million in strategic transaction and integration expenses primarily related to the integration of HIS, which included the migration of IT systems at our Austin facility. 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent earn-out 
 
 In 2022, the fair value revaluation of our contingent earn-outs resulted in a decrease in value of 32.1 million. This decrease was primarily related to the fair value revaluation of our Smiths Medical contingent earn-out liability. 
 
 At the end of the second quarter of 2021, the measurement period related to the Pursuit earn-out liability ended and in October 2021 the 26.3 million earn-out was finalized and paid to Pursuit's former shareholders. There were no changes in the fair value of our earn-outs during 2021. 
 
 In 2020, the fair value revaluation of our Pursuit contingent earn-out liability resulted in an increase in value of 9.0 million. 
 
 Contract Settlement 
 
 In 2022, we did not incur any contract settlement charges. 
 
 In 2021, we recorded 0.1 million in contract settlement expense. 
 
 In 2020, we recorded 1.0 million in contract settlement income related to the resolution of a dispute with one of our suppliers. 
 
 Interest (expense) income, net 
 
 Interest (expense) income, net was (66.4) million, 1.9 million and 1.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 46 

Interest expense was 70.8 million, 0.9 million and 1.8 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In January 2022, we entered into senior secured credit facilities that refinanced our Prior Credit Facility in full, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in the remainder of this item for additional information and the estimated impact to future interest expense. In 2022, interest expense primarily includes the contractual interest incurred on borrowings under the Credit Agreement, the per annum commitment fee charged on the available amount of the revolving credit facility contained in the Credit Agreement and the amortization of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with entering into the Credit Agreement (see Note 11 Long-Term Debt in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 
 In 2021, interest expense primarily includes the per annum commitment fee charged on the unused portion of the revolver under our then five-year revolving credit facility and the amortization of financing costs that were incurred in 2017 in connection with entering into the then existing credit facility. The per annum commitment fee was based on the consolidated total leverage ratio in effect and ranged between 0.15 to 0.30 on the unused portion of the credit facility (see Note 11: Long-Term Obligations in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 
 In 2020, interest expense was primarily related to borrowings under our then existing credit facility and the amortization of financing costs. Borrowing under the credit facility bore interest, at our option, based on the Base Rate (as defined in Note 11 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements) plus applicable margin or the London Interbank Offered Rate plus applicable margin (see Note 11: Long-Term Obligations in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 
 Interest income was 4.4 million, 2.8 million and 3.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income is primarily related to interest earned on our investment securities. 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 
 Other (expense) income, net was (5.1) million, (2.0) million and (2.6) million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022, other expense, net was related to 5.8 million of foreign exchange losses and 2.6 million of loss from disposed assets partially offset by 3.2 million of miscellaneous income. In 2021, other expense, net was primarily related to 1.7 million of loss from disposed assets and 1.0 million of foreign exchange losses partially offset by miscellaneous income of 0.6 million. In 2020, other expense, net was primarily related to 7.2 million of foreign exchange losses incurred as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar during the first half of the year, partially offset by 2.8 million of miscellaneous income and 1.8 million of gain on disposition of assets. 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 Income taxes were accrued at an estimated annual effective tax rate of 35 , 16 and 11 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The effective tax rate in 2022 differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 principally because of the effect of the mix of U.S. and foreign incomes, state income taxes, section 162(m) excess compensation, foreign-derived intangible income ("FDII"), global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI") and tax credits. The effective tax rate during 2022 included a tax benefit of 4.2 million related to the excess tax benefits recognized on stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. The effective tax rate during 2022 also included a 0.0 million tax impact of the revaluation of contingent consideration of 6.8 million. 
 
 The effective tax rate in 2021 differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 principally because of the effect of the mix of U.S. and foreign incomes, state income taxes, global intangible low-taxed income GILTI ),FDII and tax credits. The effective tax rate in 2021 included a tax benefit of 4.9 million related to the excess tax benefits recognized on stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. The effective tax rate for 2021 also included U.S. federal and state return-to-provision adjustments net of related reserve changes for the year ended December 31, 2020 of 0.9 million tax provision primarily due to changes in estimates for GILTI, FDII, subpart F, and related foreign tax credits along with other prior period adjustments. 
 
 The effective tax rate in 2020 differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 principally because of the effect of the mix of U.S. and foreign incomes, state income taxes, GILTI, FDII and tax credits. The effective tax rate in 2020 included a tax benefit of 5.3 million related to the excess tax benefits recognized on stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. The effective tax rate for 2020 also included U.S. federal and state return-to-provision adjustments net 
 47 

of related reserve changes for the year ended December 31, 2019 of 3.8 million tax benefit primarily due to changes in estimates for GILTI, FDII, and related foreign tax credits. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately meet our principal cash requirements, which include working capital requirements, planned capital investments in our business, commitments, acquisition restructuring and integration expenses, investments in quality systems and quality compliance objectives, payment of interest expense, repayment of outstanding borrowings, income tax obligations and acquisition opportunities in accordance with our growth strategy. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, our short-term investment portfolio, cash flows from our operations and access to borrowing arrangements. 
 
 Funds generated from operations are held in cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. During 2022, our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment securities decreased by 354.2 million from 567.2 million at December 31, 2021 to 213.0 million at December 31, 2022. Our short-term investment portfolio consists of investment-grade corporate and government bonds and U.S treasury securities and is primarily intended to facilitate capital preservation. 
 
 2022 Credit Facilities and Access to Capital 
 
 We entered into the Credit Agreement with various lenders on January 6, 2022 in connection with the closing of the Smiths Medical acquisition. The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year term loan A facility of 850.0 million (the "Term Loan A"), a seven-year term loan B facility of 850.0 million (the "Term Loan B") and a five-year revolving credit facility of 500.0 million (the "Revolving Credit Facility") (collectively, the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities"). The proceeds from the term loans were used to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the Smiths Medical acquisition. The outstanding aggregate principal amount of the term loans is 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, which includes the Term Loan A that will mature in January 2027 and the Term Loan B that will mature in January 2029. The proceeds of future borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, which expires in January 2027, may be used as a source of liquidity to support our ongoing working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. There are no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. As part of entering into the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we were assigned issuer and Term Loan B credit ratings. At the date of issuance of this report, our issuer and Term Loan B credit ratings assigned and outlook were as follows: 
 Issuer/Term Loan B Credit Ratings Outlook Moody's Ba3/Ba3 Stable Fitch BB/BBB- Negative Standard Poor's BB-/BB- Stable 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that pertain to the Term Loan A and the Revolving Credit Facility. Specifically, we are required to maintain a Senior Secured Leverage Ratio of no more than 4.50 to 1.00 until June 30, 2024, with step-downs to 4.00 to 1.00 thereafter, and an Interest Coverage Ratio of no less than 3.00 to 1.00 (defined and discussed in greater detail in Note 11: Long-Term Debt to our accompanying consolidated financial statements). We were in compliance with these financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2017 Credit Facility 
 
 In November 2017, we entered into a five-year revolving credit facility with various lenders for 150.0 million (the "Prior Credit Facility"). The Prior Credit Facility, which was set to expire in November 2022, was terminated upon entering into the new Senior Secured Credit Facilities. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Facility at the time of its termination. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents along with cash flows expected to be generated from future operations, cash received from our uncommitted trade accounts receivable purchase facility (see Note 17: Subsequent Events in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information) and the funds received and accessible under the 
 48 

Senior Secured Credit Facilities will provide us with sufficient liquidity to finance our cash requirements for the next twelve months. In the event that we experience downturns, cyclical fluctuations in our business that are more severe or longer than anticipated, fail to achieve anticipated revenue and expense levels, or have significant unplanned cash expenditures, we may need to obtain or seek alternative sources of capital or financing, and we can provide no assurances that the terms of such capital or financing will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. Our ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our products or in the solvency of our customers or suppliers, deterioration in our key financial ratios or credit ratings or other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with our debt financing. 
 
 Uses of Liquidity 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures relate to the expansion and maintenance of our business. While we can provide no assurances, we estimate that our capital expenditures in 2023 will be in the range of 100 million to 120 million. We anticipate making additional investments in machinery and equipment in our manufacturing operations in Costa Rica, Europe, Mexico and the U.S. to support new and existing products and in infusion pumps that get placed with customers outside the U.S. We expect to use our cash and cash equivalents to fund our capital expenditures. Amounts of spending are estimates and actual spending may substantially differ from those amounts. 
 
 2022 Acquisitions 
 
 On January 6, 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical. We financed the 1.9 billion cash portion of the purchase price at closing with a combination of proceeds from the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our cash and cash equivalents. See Note 2: Acquisitions and Note 11: Long-Term Debt in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal commitments at December 31, 2022 include both short and long-term future obligations. 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 We have non-cancelable operating lease agreements where we are contractually obligated for certain lease payment amounts. For more information regarding our operating lease obligations, (see Note 5: Leases in our accompanying consolidated financial statements). 
 
 Long-term Debt Obligations 
 
 As discussed above, in January 2022, we incurred borrowings under Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The principal repayment obligations and estimated interest payments on the term loans and estimated commitment fee payments on the revolver are estimated in the below table. Interest payments on the term loans were estimated using an Adjusted Term SOFR rate and an applicable margin on of 2.00 for term loan A and 2.50 for term loan B and the revolver commitment fees were estimated using a rate of 0.30 . The applicable margin rate and commitment fee rate will change from time to time in accordance with a preset pricing grid based on the leverage ratio (see Note 11: Long-Term Debt in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for pricing grids related to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities). We expect to fund these obligations with our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from our future operations. 
 
 49 

(in millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Term Loan A Principal Payments 21.2 42.5 42.5 63.8 664.1 Term Loan A Interest Payments 57.4 47.3 37.5 36.5 0.6 Term Loan B Principal Payments 8.5 8.5 8.5 8.5 8.5 801.1 Term Loan B Interest Payments 62.6 53.6 45.1 46.4 46.2 46.6 Revolver Commitment Fee 1.5 1.5 1.5 1.5 151.2 153.4 135.1 156.7 719.4 847.7 
 
 Minimum Purchase Obligations 
 
 On February 1, 2022, effective as of January 1, 2022, upon our request, Pfizer executed a Product Addendum to our MSA agreement, see under Part I Item 1 Business Section above for further detail. The Product Addendum included a minimum purchase obligation of 29.6 million, which we satisfied during 2022. The Product Addendum expired on November 30, 2022. 
 
 Other Future Capital Investments 
 
 In connection with the January 2022 acquisition of Smiths Medical we estimate the investment needed in 2023 for restructuring and integration expenses along with spending to support quality systems and quality compliance objectives to be in the range of 75 million to 125 million, which includes acquired accrued field action liabilities. We expect to fund these obligations with our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from our operations. 
 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Our cash used in operations was (62.1) million in 2022. Net income plus adjustments for non-cash net expenses contributed 241.6 million to cash provided by operations. Net cash used in operations as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities was 303.7 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities included a 201.1 million increase in inventories, a 21.3 million increase in other assets, a 55.8 million decrease in accrued liabilities, 66.7 million in net changes in income taxes, including excess tax benefits and deferred income taxes and a 19.2 million increase in accounts receivable. Offsetting these amounts was a 22.9 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a 37.5 million increase in accounts payable. The increase in inventory was primarily to build inventory safety stock levels. The increase in other assets was due to the purchase of spare parts. The primary drivers for the net decrease in accrued liabilities was primarily due to the payout of annual bonuses and decrease in deferred revenue. The net changes in income taxes was a result of recording the current deferred provision and the timing of payments. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to the net impact of collection efforts and the timing of revenue. The net decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets was primarily due to a decrease in deferred costs mostly offset by capitalized debt issuance costs allocated to the revolving credit facility. The increase in accounts payable was due to the timing of payments. 
 
 Our cash provided by operations was 267.5 million in 2021. Net income plus adjustments for non-cash net expenses contributed 252.5 million to cash provided by operations. Net cash used in operations as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities was 15.0 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities included a 20.8 million decrease in inventories, a 13.8 million decrease in accounts receivable, a 6.3 million increase in accrued liabilities, a 2.3 million increase in accounts payable, and 0.9 million in net changes in income taxes, including excess tax benefits and deferred income taxes. Offsetting these amounts was a 21.0 million increase in other assets and a 8.0 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets. The decrease in inventory was primarily due to the timing of production and customer purchases. The decrease in accounts receivable is primarily due to collection efforts. The increase in accrued liabilities was primarily due to the accrual of incentive bonuses, deferred revenue collected on certain arrangements and accruals related to the Smiths Medical transaction. The increase in accounts payable was primarily due to the timing of payments. The net changes in income taxes was a result of the timing of payments. The increase in other assets was primarily due to the purchase of spare parts. The net increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets was primarily due to an increase in deferred costs. 
 
 50 

Our cash provided by operations was 222.8 million in 2020. Net income plus adjustments for non-cash net expenses contributed 239.7 million to cash provided by operations. Net cash used in operations as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities was 17.0 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities included a 46.4 million decrease in accounts payable, a 29.4 million decrease in accrued liabilities, 18.0 million in net changes in income taxes, including excess tax benefits and deferred income taxes, a 16.1 million increase in other assets, and a 4.3 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets. Offsetting these amounts was a 78.0 million decrease in accounts receivable and a 19.2 million decrease in inventories. The decrease in accounts payable was due to the payment of integration-related expenses with extended payment terms and the timing of other payments. The decrease in accrued liabilities was due to the payment of one-time accrued supply chain reorganization costs. The increase in other assets was due to the purchase of spare parts. The net changes in income taxes was a result of the timing of payments. The increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets was primarily due to an increase in deferred costs. The decrease in accounts receivable is primarily due to collection efforts. The decrease in inventory was primarily due to improved inventory management and increased demand for certain products driven by the COVID-19 pandemic at the end of the year. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in our investing cash flows (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Investing Cash Flows: Purchases of property, plant and equipment (90,311) (68,542) (92,005) (21,769) 23,463 (1) Proceeds from sale of assets 989 218 6,176 771 (5,958) (2) Intangible asset additions (9,018) (12,627) (8,385) 3,609 (4,242) (3) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired (1,844,164) (14,452) (1,829,712) (14,452) (4) Investments in non-marketable equity securities (3,250) 3,250 (3,250) (5) Purchases of investment securities (3,397) (10,034) (32,825) 6,637 22,791 (6) Proceeds from sale of investment securities 36,433 18,000 28,900 18,433 (10,900) (7) Net cash used in investing activities (1,909,468) (90,687) (98,139) (1,818,781) 7,452 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Our purchases of property, plant and equipment will vary from period to period based on additional investments needed to support new and existing products and expansion of our manufacturing facilities. 
 (2) In 2020, we sold our Farmers Branch, Texas, U.S. distribution facility for 6.0 million. 
 (3) In 2021, we recorded a 6.6 million intangible asset related to a three-year non-compete agreement with one of our international distributors, of which 2.6 million was non-cash offset with a contingent earn-out. 
 (4) Our business acquisitions will vary from period to period based upon our current growth strategy and our ability to execute on desirable target companies. In 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical. The cash consideration for the transaction was 1.9 billion, which was financed with existing cash balances and borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Acquired cash was 78.8 million. In 2021, we acquired a small foreign infusion systems supplier for approximately 15.4 million. 
 (5) In 2021, we paid 3.3 million to acquire approximately a 20 non-marketable equity interest in a non-public company. 
 (6) Our purchases of investment securities will vary from period to period based on current cash needs, planning for known future transactions and changes in our investment strategy. Our investment policy allows for the purchase of securities with final maturities in excess of one year. If cash is not needed for known future transactions our investment strategy takes advantage of the long-term securities with higher yields. Typically, our longer term securities have maturities up to three years. 
 (7) Proceeds from the sale of our investment securities will vary based on the maturity dates of the investments. In 2022, proceeds from sale of investment securities includes 19.0 million received from a promissory note related to an acquired investment as part of the Smiths Medical acquisition. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in our financing cash flows (in thousands): 
 51 

For the Years Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Financing Cash Flows: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of lender debt issuance costs 1,664,362 1,664,362 (1) Principal payments on long-term debt (22,375) (22,375) (2) Payment of third-party debt issuance costs (2,177) (2,177) (2) Proceeds from short-term debt 150,000 (150,000) (3) Repayment of short-term debt (150,000) 150,000 (3) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 8,785 9,372 13,193 (587) (3,821) (4) Payments on finance leases (680) (607) (357) (73) (250) Payment of contingent earn-out (17,300) 17,300 (17,300) (5) Tax withholding payments related to net share settlement of equity awards (10,883) (8,335) (12,876) (2,548) 4,541 (6) Net cash used in financing activities 1,637,032 (16,870) (40) 1,653,902 (16,830) 
 __________________________ 
 (1) During 2022, we borrowed an aggregate of 1.7 billion under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities contained in the Credit Agreement to partially finance our acquisition of Smiths Medical (see Note 11: Long-Term Debt to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). The proceeds are net of 37.8 million in payments of lender debt issuance costs. 
 (2) Payment of 22.4 million of principal payments on the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and 2.2 million in third-party debt issuance costs. 
 (3) During 2020, as a result of market uncertainty caused by COVID-19, we borrowed 150.0 million under our then revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase liquidity. We had fully repaid all amounts borrowed as of December 31, 2020. 
 (4) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options will vary from period to period based on the volume of options exercised and the exercise price of the specific options exercised. 
 (5) During 2021, we paid 26.3 million in cash related to the settlement of the Pursuit contingent earn-out. Of the 26.3 million, the amount recorded as the acquisition date fair value, which is considered financing cash flows, was 17.3 million (see Note 8: Fair Value Measurements). 
 (6) In 2022, our employees surrendered 47,664 shares of our common stock from vested restricted stock awards as consideration for approximately 10.9 million in minimum statutory withholding obligations paid on their behalf. In 2021, our employees surrendered 40,350 shares of our common stock from vested restricted stock awards as consideration for approximately 8.3 million in minimum statutory withholding obligations paid on their behalf. In 2020, our employees surrendered 67,041 shares of our common stock from vested restricted stock awards as consideration for approximately 12.9 million in minimum statutory withholding obligations paid on their behalf. 
 
 Our common stock purchase plan, which authorized the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our common stock, was approved by our Board of Directors in August 2019. This plan has no expiration date. As of December 31, 2022, all of the 100.0 million available for purchase was remaining under the plan. We are limited on share purchases in accordance with the terms and conditions of our Credit Agreement (see Note 11: Long-Term Obligations in our accompanying consolidated financial statements). 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1: Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and 
 52 

other factors that we believe are reasonable. We evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments on a regular basis and apply our accounting policies on a consistent basis. We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, accounts receivable and business combinations have the most potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Historically, our estimates, assumptions and judgments relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 We recognize revenues when we transfer control of promised goods to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods. We offer certain volume-based rebates to our distribution customers, which we consider variable consideration when calculating the transaction price. Rebates are offered on both a fixed and tiered/variable basis. In both cases, we use information available at the time and our historical experience with each customer to estimate the most likely rebate amount. We also provide chargebacks to distributors that sell to end customers at prices determined under a contract between us and the end customer. Chargebacks are the difference between prices we charge our distribution customers and contracted prices we have with the end customer which are processed as credits to our distribution customers. In estimating the expected value of chargeback amounts for use in determining the transaction price, we use information available at the time, including our historical experience. We also warrant products against defects and have a policy permitting the return of defective products, for which we accrue and expense at the time of sale using information available and our historical experience. Our revenues are recorded at the net sales price, which includes an estimate for variable consideration related to rebates, chargebacks and product returns. 
 
 The vast majority of our sales of Infusion Consumables, Infusion Systems, IV Solutions, Critical Care, Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical, Vascular Access-Smiths Medical and Vital Care-Smiths Medical products are sold on a standalone basis and revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control which we deem to be at point of shipment. 
 
 Our software license renewals are considered to be transferred to a customer at a point in time at the start of each renewal period, therefore revenue is recognized at that time. 
 
 Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables 
 
 In certain circumstances, we enter into arrangements in which we provide multiple deliverables to our customers. These bundled arrangements typically consist of the sale of infusion systems equipment, along with annual software licenses and related software implementation services, as well as infusion consumables, IV solutions and extended warranties. 
 
 Our most significant judgments related to these arrangements are (i) identifying the various performance obligations and (ii) estimating the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation, typically using a directly observable method or calculated on a cost plus margin basis method. Revenue related to the bundled equipment, software and software implementation services is recognized upon implementation. The transaction price allocated to the extended service-type warranty is recognized as revenue over the period the warranty service is provided. 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Accounts receivable are stated at net realizable value. An allowance is provided for estimated collection losses based on an analysis of the age of the receivable, on specific past due accounts for which we consider collection to be doubtful and based on current receivables where known economic conditions specific to individual significant customers may indicate collection is doubtful. We rely on prior payment trends, financial status and other factors to estimate the cash which ultimately will be received. Such amounts cannot be known with certainty at the financial statement date. We regularly review individual past due balances for collectability. We also have credit exposure with international customers for whom normal payment terms are long in comparison to those of our other customers and with domestic distributors. If actual collection losses exceed expectations, we could be required to accrue additional bad debt expense, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results in the period in which the accrual occurs. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 The application of the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires the use of significant estimates, assumptions and judgments in the determination of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in order to properly allocate the purchase price at the acquisition date. 
 
 53 

Although we believe the estimates, assumptions and judgments we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience, industry data, information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and assistance from independent third-party appraisal/valuation firms, and are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the tangible and intangible assets we have acquired, and certain liabilities assumed include but are not limited to: 
 
 Inventories - we used the comparative sales method, which estimates the selling price of finished goods and work-in-progress inventory, reduced by estimated costs expected to be incurred in selling the inventory and a profit on those costs. The fair value of inventory is recognized in our statements of operations as the inventory is sold. Based on internal forecasts and estimates of inventory turnover, acquisition date inventory is sold and recognized in cost of goods sold over an estimated period of six months after the acquisition date. 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment - the fair value estimate of acquired property, plant and equipment is determined based upon the nature of the asset using either the cost approach, the sales comparison approach or the income capitalization approach. The cost approach measures the value of an asset by estimating the cost to acquire or reproduce comparable assets. The sales comparison approach measures the value of an asset through an analysis of comparable property sales. The income approach values the asset based on its earnings potential. The fair value of land was estimated using a sales comparison approach. Land and building improvements were valued using the cost approach. Personal property assets, such as, leasehold improvements, tooling, laboratory equipment, furniture and fixtures, and equipment, computer hardware, computer software, dies and molds were all valued using the cost approach. Transportation equipment and major manufacturing and equipment were valued using the sales comparison method. Construction-in-progress assets were valued based on the cost approach less adjustments for the nature of the assets. The fair value of property, plant and equipment will be recognized in our statements of operations over the expected useful life of the individual depreciable assets. 
 
 Identifiable Intangible Assets - The fair value of the significant acquired identifiable intangible assets generally is determined using varying methods under the income approach. This method starts with a forecast of all of the expected future net cash flows associated with the asset and then adjusts the forecast to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. Other critical estimates used to estimate the fair value are derived from royalty rates, customer retention rates and/or estimated useful lives. 
 
 Earn-out Liability - The fair value of the earn-out liabilities were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation and a probability-weighted cash flow model, as appropriate (see Note 8: Fair Value Measurements to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details). 
 
 Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 

54 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 In connection with the Smiths Medical acquisition on January 6, 2022 we entered into the Senior Secured Credit Facilities totaling approximately 2.2 billion consisting of a variable-rate term loan A facility of 850.0 million, a variable-rate term loan B facility of 850.0 million and a revolving credit facility of 500.0 million. We are exposed to changes in interest rates on all of these variable-rate debt instruments. 
 
 The term loan A facility currently bears interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR plus an applicable margin currently 2.00 per year. The term loan B facility currently bears interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR subject to a 0.50 floor plus an initial applicable margin of 2.5 . We used a sensitivity analyses to measure our interest rate risk exposure. If the SOFR rate increases or decreases 1 from December 31, 2022, the additional annual interest expense or savings related to the term loans would be approximately 16.8 million. 
 
 In order to mitigate and offset a portion of this interest rate risk exposure associated with these debt instruments we entered into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable-rate debt. The term loan A swap has an initial notional amount of 300.0 million, reducing to 150.0 million evenly on a quarterly basis excluding its final maturity on March 30, 2027 and we will pay a fixed rate of 1.32 and will receive the greater of 3-month USD SOFR or (0.15) . The term loan B swap has an initial notional amount of 750.0 million, reducing to 46.9 million evenly on a quarterly basis excluding its final maturity on March 30, 2026 and we will pay a fixed rate of 1.17 and will receive the greater of 3-month USD SOFR or 0.35 . (see Note 7: Derivatives and Hedging Activities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 We transact business globally in multiple currencies, some of which are considered volatile. Our international revenues and expenses and working capital positions denominated in these foreign currencies expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. As the receiver of foreign currencies we are adversely affected by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and other currencies relative to the operating unit functional currency. Our hedging policy attempts to manage these risks to an acceptable level. We manage our foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis to take advantage of net exposures and natural offsets, which are then further reduced by the gains and losses of our hedging instruments. Gains and losses on the hedging instruments offset gains and losses on the hedged forecasted transactions and reduce the earnings volatility related to foreign exchange, however we do not hedge our entire foreign exchange exposure and are still subject to potentially significant earnings volatility due to foreign exchange risk. 
 
 We use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses (principally Mexican Pesos, Euros, Czech Koruna, Japanese Yen, U.S. Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Chinese Renminbi) that differ from the functional currency of the operating unit. These derivative contracts are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges (see Note 7: Derivatives and Hedging Activities to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). We performed a sensitivity analysis to estimate changes in the fair value of our foreign exchange derivatives due to potential changes in near-term foreign exchange rates. At December 31, 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 10 weakening in the actual foreign exchange rates used for the applicable currencies would result in an estimated decrease in the fair value of these outstanding derivatives contracts by approximately 2.5 million. The sensitivity analysis recalculates the fair value of the exchange contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 using the actual forward rates at December 31, 2022, which are then adjusted to be 10 weaker for each respective currency. 

55 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE Page No. Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 2 0 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 20 21 and 20 2 0 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 20 21 and 20 2 0 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 20 21 and 20 2 0 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 67 
 Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 115 

56 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of ICU Medical, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ICU Medical, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue Recognition Chargeback Reserve Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue for product sales net of a reserve for estimated chargebacks. Chargebacks are the difference between prices the Company charges distribution customers and contracted prices the Company has with the end-customer which are processed as credits to the distribution customers. 
 
 Chargebacks are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the transaction price for purposes of recognizing revenue. The Company estimates and reserves for chargebacks as a reduction of revenue at the time of sale to its distribution customers using information available at that time, including historical experience. Accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 of 222 million and total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 2,280 million are recorded net of estimated chargebacks. 
 
 Given the subjectivity and complexity of evaluating management s assumptions used in the determination of the chargeback reserve, including the chargeback amount related to monthly sales to distribution customers and the time to settle chargeback obligations, auditing the chargeback reserve requires a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 57 

Our audit procedures related to the chargeback reserve included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of certain controls related to management's assessment of assumptions related to estimating the provision for chargeback reserves, the provisioning, processing, and monitoring of chargeback transactions, and the reconciliation of chargeback reserves. 
 
 We tested chargeback estimates for purposes of determining whether revenues recognized at the time of sale were recorded in the proper period. 
 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the chargeback reserve by: 
 
 Analyzing trends in the chargeback provision as a percent of revenues and the chargeback reserve as a percent of revenues. 
 
 Testing the underlying data, including historical sales to distribution customers, chargeback settlements with distribution customers, and inventory days on hand reported from distributors, that are utilized as the basis for the chargeback reserve, to test whether the inputs to the estimate were reasonable. 
 
 Developing an expectation of the chargeback reserve based on monthly sales to distribution customers, historical experience, and the time to settle chargeback obligations, and comparing our expectation to the amount recorded by management. 
 
 Performing retrospective reviews comparing management's estimates of expected chargeback reserves to actual amounts incurred subsequent to the dates of estimation, to assess management's ability to reasonably estimate these obligations and to identify potential bias in management's assessment of the reserve. 
 
 Business Combination Refer to Note 2 of the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company completed the acquisition of Smiths Medical for 2.552 billion on January 6, 2022. The Company accounted for the acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including identifiable intangible assets totaling 945 million. Of the identifiable intangible assets acquired, the most significant included Customer Relationships of 510 million and Developed Technology of 400 million. The estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets were developed using the income approach and are based on critical estimates, judgments and assumptions derived from: analysis of market conditions; discount rate; discounted cash flows; royalty rates; and/or estimated useful lives. 
 
 We identified the purchase price accounting allocation as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes to determine the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our internal fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future cash flows and the selection of the discount rates for the identifiable intangible assets. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the business combination included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the identifiable intangible assets, including management s controls over forecasts of future cash flows and selection of the discount rates. 
 
 We assessed the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future cash flows by comparing the projections to historical results and growth rates observed for similar businesses and/or peer companies, and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we also performed the following: 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies selected. 
 
 58 

We tested the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008 

59 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of ICU Medical, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of ICU Medical, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 As described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting , management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Smiths Medical, which was acquired on January 6, 2022, and whose financial statements constitute 40 of total assets and 42 of total revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Smiths Medical. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Costa Mesa, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 60 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except par value data and treasury shares) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investment securities TOTAL CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENT SECURITIES Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid income taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net OPERATING LEASE RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS LONG-TERM INVESTMENT SECURITIES GOODWILL INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Income tax payable TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES CONTINGENT EARN-OUT LIABILITY LONG-TERM DEBT OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES DEFERRED INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX LIABILITY COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 15) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Convertible preferred stock, par value; Authorized shares; Issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; Authorized shares; Issued and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and outstanding and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 TOTAL REVENUES COST OF GOODS SOLD GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring, strategic transaction and integration Change in fair value of contingent earn-out ) Contract settlement ) TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES (LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS ) INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET ) OTHER EXPENSE, NET ) ) ) (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) BENEFIT (PROVISION) FOR INCOME TAXES ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) NET (LOSS) INCOME PER SHARE Basic ) Diluted ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET (LOSS) INCOME ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Cash flow hedge adjustments, net of tax of , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of for all periods 
 ) ) Other adjustments, net of tax of for all periods 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

63 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock and exercise of stock options Tax withholding payments related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net income Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock and exercise of stock options Tax withholding payments related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock and exercise of stock options ) Tax withholding payments related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for acquisitions Stock compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Noncash expense for inventory step-up Noncash lease expense Provision for doubtful accounts Provision for warranty and returns ) Stock compensation Loss (gain) on disposal or write-off of property, plant and equipment ) Gain on disposition of assets ) Bond premium amortization Debt issuance cost amortization Change in fair value of contingent earn-out ) Product-related charges Usage of spare parts Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of amounts acquired: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Income taxes, including excess tax benefits and deferred income taxes ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Intangible asset additions ) ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Investments in non-marketable equity securities ) Purchases of investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of lender debt issuance costs Principal repayments of long-term debt ) Payment of third-party debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments on finance leases ) ) ) Payment of contingent earn-out ) Tax withholding payments related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the year for income taxes Cash paid during the year for interest SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Accounts payable for property, plant and equipment Non-compete agreement with associated contingent earn-out liability Detail of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisitions: Fair value of assets acquired Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Issuance of common stock for acquisitions ) Contingent consideration ) Goodwill, acquired/adjusted during period Liabilities assumed/Adjustments to liabilities assumed 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 66 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 
 
 business segment. 
 
 We sell the majority of our products globally through our direct sales force and through independent distributors. Additionally, we sell our products on an original equipment manufacturer basis to other medical device manufacturers. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 All subsidiaries are wholly owned and are included in the consolidated financial statements. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition. 

Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial statements and footnotes to conform to the presentation used in the current year. In the statements of operations we reclassified interest income to interest (expense) income, net from other income (expense), net and in Note 4: Revenues, certain reclassifications were made to revenues disaggregated by geography. These reclassifications had no impact on net (loss) income, shareholder's equity or cash flows as previously reported. 
 
 On January 6, 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical 2020 Limited ("Smiths Medical"), see Note 2: Acquisitions. Our consolidated statement of operations includes the results of operations for Smiths Medical from January 7, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Use of Estimates 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable 
 
 67 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inventories 
 
 Inventory costs include material, labor and overhead related to the manufacturing of our products. 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 Land, building and building improvements Molds Computer equipment and software Furniture and fixtures Instruments placed with customers (1) 
 Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Instruments placed with customers consist of drug-delivery and monitoring systems placed with customers under operating leases. 
 
 - years 
 Building improvements - years 
 Machinery and equipment and molds - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and office equipment - years 
 Computer equipment and software - years 
 Instruments placed with customers - years 
 
 68 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Other (1) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 Goodwill acquired (2) 
 Other ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill (3) 
 Other (4) 
 ) Disposition (5) 
 ) Currency translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) In 2020, "Other" primarily relates to a million measurement period adjustment to deferred taxes related to the 2019 acquisition of Pursuit Vascular, Inc. and foreign currency translation. 
 (2) In 2021, we acquired a small foreign infusion systems supplier, which resulted in million of goodwill. 
 (3) Relates to Smiths Medical acquired on January 6, 2022 (see Note 2: Acquisitions). 
 (4) Reflects a measurement period adjustment related to the 2021 acquisition of a small foreign infusion systems supplier. 
 (5) Relates to the sale of a certain line of infusion products in China. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 , were as follows (in thousands): 
 69 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Customer contracts Non-contractual customer relationships Trademarks Trade name Developed technology Non-compete Total amortized intangible assets Internally developed software Total intangible assets 
 _______________________________ 
 Internally developed software will be amortized when the projects are complete and the assets are ready for their intended use. 
 Weighted-Average Amortization Life in Years December 31, 2021 Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Patents Customer contracts Non-contractual customer relationships Trademarks Trade name Developed technology Non-compete Total amortized intangible assets Internally developed software Total intangible assets 
 _______________________________ 
 Internally developed software will be amortized when the projects are complete and the assets are ready for their intended use. 
 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

70 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Our intangible assets that are not subject to amortization are reviewed annually for impairment or more often if there are indications of possible impairment. We perform our annual intangible assets impairment test in November of each year. We did not have any intangible asset impairments in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

71 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Short-term U.S. treasury securities Short-term government bonds Total short-term investment securities Long-term corporate bonds Total investment securities As of December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Unrealized Holding Gains (Losses) Fair Value Short-term corporate bonds Long-term corporate bonds Total investment securities 
 
 Investments in Non-Marketable Equity Securities 
 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we acquired approximately a non-marketable equity interest in a nonpublic company and entered into a three-year distribution agreement where we have the exclusive rights to market, sell and distribute the company's products in exchange for a cash payment of million. In addition, we were granted an exclusive license for all of the seller's intellectual property. At the expiration of the distribution agreement we have the right but not the obligation to acquire the remaining interest in the business. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, there were no indications that our non-marketable equity method investment was impaired. Our recorded share of the investee's loss was not material for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We did not receive any dividend distributions from this investment during 2022 and 2021. 

Investments in non-marketable debt securities 
 
 72 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in proceeds from a promissory note related to an acquired investment as part of the Smiths Medical acquisition. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 73 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Shipping Costs 
 
 Costs to ship finished goods to our customers are included in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also have post-retirement and post-employment obligations related to employees located in certain international countries. These obligations are immaterial to our financial statements taken as a whole. 
 ) ) Interest income Interest (expense) income, net ) ) ) (Loss) gain on disposition of assets ) ) Other miscellaneous income, net Other expense, net ) ) ) 
 
 74 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Due to the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 the inclusion of any potential securities is antidilutive, accordingly, basic and diluted net loss per share is the same for this period. There were and anti-dilutive shares in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (basic) Dilutive securities Weighted-average common and common equivalent shares outstanding (diluted) EPS basic ) EPS diluted ) 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 

NOTE 2. 
 
 of the equity interests in Smiths Medical, the holding company of Smiths Group plc's global medical device business, from Smiths Group International Holdings Limited Smiths ). The acquisition of 
 75 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion, which was financed with existing cash balances and proceeds from the credit agreement entered into on January 6, 2022 (see Note 11: Long-Term Debt). We also issued share consideration to Smiths of million shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common shares issued to Smiths was determined based on the opening market price of our common stock on the acquisition date. Smiths may be entitled to an additional million in cash consideration contingent on our common stock achieving certain price targets for certain periods after closing in accordance with the terms of the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement"). In the event that (a) on or prior to the third anniversary of closing the 30-day volume-weighted average price for our common stock, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, equals or exceeds per share or (b) on or prior to the fourth anniversary of closing the 45-day volume-weighted average price for our common stock, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, equals or exceeds per share (each a "Price Target"), and provided Smiths beneficially owns at least of the shares of common stock issued at closing at the time the Price Target is achieved, then Smiths will be entitled to receive the additional million in cash consideration. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using an option pricing model, specifically the Monte Carlo Simulation. In the analysis, the determinants of payout are simulated in a risk neutral framework over a large number of simulation paths. The fair value of the contingent consideration is then calculated as the average present value across all simulated paths. 
 
 Smiths became a related party to us when we issued million shares of our common stock as partial consideration for the acquisition of Smiths Medical. Additionally, we entered in to a transition services agreement ("TSA") with certain members of Smiths Group, plc. The TSA includes certain information technology, human resource and tax support services for an initial term of twelve months with the option to extend up to 24 months. During 2022, we expensed million for services provided under the TSA. As of December 31, 2022, we have million in open payables related to the services received under the TSA. 
 
 76 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fair value of contingent consideration payable to Smiths Issuance of ICU Medical, Inc. common shares: Number of shares issued to Smiths Price per share (ICU's opening market price on the acquisition date) Fair value of ICU shares issued to Smiths Total Consideration Purchase Price Allocation Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets (1) 
 Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities (2) 
 ) Income tax payable ) Other long-term liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Total identifiable net assets acquired Goodwill - not tax deductible Purchase Consideration 
 _______________________________________________ 
 (1) Identifiable intangible assets included million of customer relationships, million of developed technology, million of internally developed software, and million of trade mark. The estimated weighted-average amortization period for the total identifiable intangible assets is approximately , and, for each identifiable intangible asset is estimated as follows: for customer relationships, for developed technology, for internally developed software, and for the trade mark. 
 
 (2) Accrued liabilities includes, among other things, accrued warranty reserves, accrued restructuring initiatives, accrued salaries and related benefits, deferred revenue and accrued sales and use taxes. 
 
 The identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets acquired have been valued utilizing Level 3 inputs as defined in Note 8: Fair Value Measurements. The fair value of identifiable intangible assets were generally developed using the income approach and are based on critical estimates, judgments and assumptions derived from: analysis of market conditions; discount rate; discounted cash flows; royalty rates; customer retention rates; and/or estimated useful lives. Certain other intangible assets were valued using a cost to replace method, estimating the labor and non-labor costs required to replace the asset under the premise that it was not part of the transaction. Property, plant and equipment was valued with the consideration of remaining economic lives. The raw materials inventory was valued at historical cost and adjusted for any obsolescence which we estimate to approximate replacement cost, the work in process inventory was valued at estimated sales proceeds less costs to complete and costs to sell, and finished goods inventory was valued at estimated sales proceeds less costs to sell. The prepaid expenses and other current assets and assumed liabilities were recorded at their carrying values as of the date of the acquisition, as their carrying values approximated their fair values due to their short-term nature. 
 
 77 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and ) million, respectively. The net loss figure is an estimate as the results by company are less identifiable due to integration. 
 
 Net (Loss) Income ) 
 
 The unaudited pro forma results presented above include the impact of the following adjustments: incremental amortization expense on intangible assets acquired of million and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, incremental interest expense, including amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs, on the Credit Facilities of million and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively and a million expense related to the increase in fair value of inventory for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The unaudited pro forma results include IFRS to U.S. GAAP adjustments for Smiths Medical historical results and adjustments for accounting policy alignment, which were materially similar to the Company. Any differences in accounting policies were adjusted to reflect the accounting policies of the Company in the unaudited pro forma results presented. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 During November 2021, we acquired a small foreign infusion systems supplier and paid an initial gross cash payment of approximately million. In addition to the initial cash consideration, total consideration for the acquisition includes an additional holdback of million, to be paid two years from the completion date of the acquisition, and also a potential earn-out payment of up to million, consisting of (i) a cash payment of million contingent on the achievement of certain revenue targets for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 and, separately, (ii) a cash payment of million contingent on certain product-related regulatory certifications obtained by May 26, 2024. The contingent earn-out based on the achievement of certain revenue targets obtained for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 was forfeited at December 31, 2022 as the minimum threshold for earning the earn-out was not met. 

NOTE 3. 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 Restructuring charges were million, ) million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in the above restructuring, strategic transaction and integration expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 In 2022, we incurred restructuring charges primarily related to severance in connection with the January 6, 2022 acquisition of Smiths Medical, see Note 2: Acquisitions. 
 
 In 2021, we adjusted certain facility restructuring liabilities by million, shown in the table below under "Other adjustments," to reflect actual amounts owed which resulted in net restructuring credits of ) million. 
 
 In 2020, restructuring charges were primarily related to severance and costs related to office and other facility closures. 
 
 78 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Charges incurred Payments ) ) Currency translation ) Other adjustments (1) 
 ) ) ) Accrued balance, December 31, 2021 Acquired restructuring charges Charges incurred Payments ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Accrued balance, December 31, 2022 
 _______________________________________________ 
 (1) The estimated liabilities related to a prior year's facility closure restructuring were adjusted to actual amounts owed. 
 
 Strategic Transaction and Integration Expenses 
 
 million, million and million in strategic transaction and integration expenses in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are included in restructuring, strategic transaction and integration expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. The strategic transaction and integration expenses during 2022 were primarily related to transaction and integration expenses associated with our acquisition of Smiths Medical on January 6, 2022 (see Note 2: Acquisitions) which primarily included legal expenses, bank fees, employee costs and a United Kingdom stamp tax. The strategic transaction and integration expenses during 2021 were related to integration costs associated with acquisitions, the Hospira Infusion Systems ("HIS") earn-out dispute with Pfizer, one-time costs incurred to comply with regulatory initiatives and transaction expenses incurred in connection with entering into a definitive agreement to acquire Smiths Medical. The integration expenses during 2020 were related to the integration of HIS and included expenses for the migration of IT systems at our Austin facility. 

NOTE 4: 
 
 79 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Infusion Systems IV Solutions Critical Care Infusion Systems-Smiths Medical nm nm Vascular Access-Smiths Medical nm nm Vital Care-Smiths Medical nm nm Total Revenues 
 
 We report revenue on a "where sold" basis, which reflects the revenue within the country or region in which the ultimate sale is made to our external customer. 
 
 The following table represents our revenues disaggregated by geography (in thousands): 
 80 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Europe, the Middle East and Africa APAC Other Foreign Total Revenues 
 
 Domestic sales accounted for , and of total revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International sales accounted for , and of total revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Contract balances Equipment revenue recognized Equipment revenue deferred due to implementation ) Software revenue recognized Software revenue deferred due to implementation ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 ) Fair value of acquired deferred revenue ) Equipment revenue recognized Equipment revenue deferred due to implementation ) Software revenue recognized Software revenue deferred due to implementation ) Government grant deferred revenue ) Government grant recognized Other deferred revenue ) Other deferred revenue recognized Ending balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 During 2022, we recognized million in revenue that was included in the opening contract balances as of December 31, 2021. 

81 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Software revenue ) ) Government grant revenue ) ) Other deferred revenue ) ) Total ) ) 
 ____________________________ 
 Other deferred revenue includes pump development programs, purchased training and extended warranty. 
 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer 
 
 As part of the cost to obtain a contract, we may pay incremental commissions to sales employees upon entering into a sales contract. Under ASC Topic 606, we have elected to expense these costs as incurred as the period of benefit is less than one year. 
 
 Practical expedients and exemptions 
 
 In addition to the practical expedient applied to sales commissions, under ASC Topic 606, we elected to apply the practical expedient for shipping and handling costs incurred after the customer has obtained control of a good. We will continue to treat these costs as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 to , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to an additional . For all of our leases, we do not include optional periods of extension in our current lease terms for the exercise of options to extend is not reasonably certain. 
 
 Finance lease cost interest Finance lease cost reduction of ROU asset Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 82 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) We acquired million of operating right-of-use assets as part of the Smiths Medical acquisition, see Note 2: Acquisitions. 
 
 Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases 
 
 The following table presents the supplemental balance sheet information related to our finance leases (in thousands, except lease term and discount rate): 
 83 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term Finance leases years years Weighted-Average Discount Rate Finance leases 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Lease Payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total 

NOTE 6. 
 
 84 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Tax benefit from stock-based compensation cost Indirect tax benefit 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of unamortized stock compensation cost which we will recognize as an expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Stock Option Plans 
 
 Our 2011 Stock Incentive Plan ("2011 Plan") replaced our 2003 Stock Option Plan ("2003 Plan"). Our 2011 Plan initially had shares available for issuance, plus the remaining available shares for grant from the 2003 Plan and any shares that were forfeited, terminated or expired that would have otherwise returned to the 2003 Plan. In 2012, 2014 and 2017, our stockholders approved amendments to the 2011 plan that increased the shares available for issuance by , bringing the initial shares available for issuance to , plus the remaining shares that remained available for grant from the 2003 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the 2011 Plan has shares of common stock reserved for issuance to employees, which includes shares that transferred from the 2003 Plan. Shares issued as options or stock appreciation rights ("SARs") are charged against the 2011 Plan's share reserve as one share for one share issued. Shares subject to awards other than options and SARs are charged against the 2011 Plan's share reserve as 2.09 shares for 1 share issued. Options may be granted with exercise prices at no less than fair market value at date of grant. Options granted under the 2011 Plan may be "non-statutory stock options" which expire no more than ten years from date of grant or "incentive stock options" as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Time-based Stock Options 
 
 To date, all options granted under 2011 Plan and 2003 Plan have been non-statutory stock options. The majority of the time-based outstanding employee option grants vested 25 after one year from the grant date and the balance vested ratably on a monthly basis over 36 months. The outstanding employee option grants are all fully vested. The majority of the outstanding options granted to non-employee directors vest one year from the grant date. The options generally expire 10 years from the grant date. 
 
 The fair value of time-based option grants is calculated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The expected term for the option grants was based on historical experience and expected future employee behavior. We estimate the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on the historical volatility of our common stock, based on the average expected exercise term. 

Grant-date fair value of options granted (in thousands) Weighted-average assumptions for stock option valuation: Expected term (years) Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Weighted-average grant-price per option Weighted-average grant-date fair value per option 
 
 85 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 
 The intrinsic values for options exercisable, outstanding and vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 are based on our closing stock price of at December 31, 2022 and are before applicable taxes. 
 
 Cash received from exercise of stock options Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 In 2022, we granted our annual PRSUs to our executive officers and certain other non-executive employees. These PRSUs will cliff-vest on March 7, 2024 subject to the achievement of net synergy savings targets related to the Smiths Medical acquisition achieved during the performance period commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2023, which when reviewed against predetermined targets could result in 0 to 200 of the awarded units that could vest. We also granted certain other one-off PRSU awards to non-executive employees with various performance requirements, whereby the performance shares will be earned if the minimum requirements are met within a specified time period. 
 
 In 2021, we granted PRSUs to our executive officers. For the executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), Chief Operations Officer ("COO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), the PRSUs will vest subject to a three-year time vesting and further subject to a determination by the Compensation Committee that the officers have met their individual performance goals for the applicable years. For the CEO, COO and the CFO, the performance shares will cliff-vest ending on March 6, 2024 and further be subject to the achievement of minimum three-year cumulative revenue and EPS targets, commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2023, which when reviewed against a predetermined vesting matrix could result in 0 to 250 of the awarded units that could vest. 
 
 In 2020, we granted PRSUs to our executive officers. For the executive officers other than the CEO, COO and the CFO, the PRSUs will vest subject to a three-year time vesting and further subject to a determination by the Compensation Committee that the officers have met their individual performance goals for the applicable years. For the CEO, COO and the CFO, the performance shares will cliff-vest ending on March 6, 2023 and further be subject to the achievement of minimum three-year cumulative revenue and EPS targets, which when reviewed against a predetermined vesting matrix could result in 0 to 250 of the awarded units that could vest. On February 15, 2021, the Compensation Committee made the determination that the executive officers other than the CEO, COO and CFO met their individual performance goals for 2021, therefore one-third of their 2020 PRSU shares awarded vested during 2021. Additionally, during February 2021, the Compensation Committee, modified the potential vesting percentages related to the 2020 PRSU awards for the CEO, COO and CFO, as the original potential percentages were established immediately before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Compensation Committee determined to adjust the CEO, COO and CFO's potential to earn from between 0 and 250 of the award granted, 
 86 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million recognized over the remaining amortization period from the date of modification. In February 2023, the Compensation Committee made the determination that the executive officers other than the CEO, CFO and COO met their individual performance goals for 2022, therefore a third of their 2020 PRSU shares awarded vested during 2023. The performance period related to the 2020 CEO and COO PRSUs ended on December 31, 2022 and is subject to the Compensation Committee review and determination of shares earned based on the Cumulative revenue and EPS results achieved during the performance period. 
 
 In 2019, we granted PRSUs to our executive officers. For the executive officers other than the CEO and the COO, the PRSUs vested subject to a three-year time vesting and further subject to a determination by the Compensation Committee that the officers had met their individual performance goals for the applicable years. For the CEO and the COO, the performance shares were to cliff-vest on March 6, 2022, subject to the achievement of a minimum Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA and continuous service through that date. If for the three year period ending on December 31, 2021 the Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA had a growth of at least 6 to 8 , 50 of the awarded units would have vested. If on the vesting date the Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA had a growth of between 8 to 10 , 100 of the awarded units would have vested. If on the vesting date the Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA has a growth of over 10 , 200 of the awarded units would have vested. In 2019, we also granted PRSUs to one of our non-executive employees. These PRSUs vested at the end of a three-year period ending on March 31, 2022, based on meeting certain minimum performance goals. In February 2022, the Compensation Committee made the determination that the executive officers other than the CEO and COO met their individual performance goals for 2022, therefore, the final third of their 2019 PRSU shares awarded vested during 2022. The performance period related to the 2019 CEO and COO PRSUs ended on December 31, 2021 and in February 2022 the Compensation Committee determined that zero PRSUs were earned based on the actual Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA achieved during the performance period. 
 
 In 2018, we granted PRSUs to our executive officers. For the executive officers other than the CEO and the COO, the PRSUs were vested subject to a three-year time vesting and further subject to a determination by the Compensation Committee that the officers have met their individual performance goals for the applicable year. For the CEO and the COO, the performance shares were to cliff-vest ending on February 15, 2021 subject to the achievement of a minimum Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA. If for the three year period ending on December 31, 2020 the Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA had a growth of at least 6 to 8 , 50 of the awarded units would vest. If on the vesting date the Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA had a growth of between 8 to 10 , 100 of the awarded units would vest. If on the vesting date the Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA had a growth of over 10 , 200 of the awarded units would vest. On February 15, 2021, the Compensation Committee made the determination that the executive officers other than the CEO and COO met their individual performance goals for 2021, therefore, one-third of their 2018 PRSU shares awarded vested during 2021. Also on February 15, 2021, the Compensation Committee determined that based on the actual Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA achieved during the performance period the CEO and COO's 2018 PRSUs were earned at 100 of the awards granted. 
 
 In 2017, we granted PRSUs to our executive officers. The PRSUs were scheduled to vest, if at all, upon the achievement of a minimum Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA, subject to a three-year cliff vesting ending on December 31, 2019. If at that date, our Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA was at least 600 million but less than 650 million, 100 of the awarded units would vest. If our Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA was at least 650 million but less than 700 million, 200 of the awarded units would vest. If our Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA is at least 700 million, 300 of the awarded units would vest. On January 17, 2020, the Compensation Committee determined that based on the actual Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA achieved during the performance period that the 2017 PRSU shares were earned by our executive officers at the 300 achievement level. 
 
 Restricted stock units are granted annually to our non-employee directors and vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, or the date of our annual meeting, whichever occurs first. 
 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted RSUs to certain employees that vest ratably on the anniversary of the grant over three years. We recognize forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 The grant-date fair market value of our PRSUs and RSUs is determined by our stock price on the grant date. 

87 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Shares earned (a) 
 Grant-date fair value per share Grant-date fair value Intrinsic value vested RSU Shares granted Grant-date fair value per share Grant-date fair value Intrinsic value vested 
 _______________________________ 
 (a) PRSU shares earned in 2020 were related to performance awards granted to executives in 2017, 2018 and 2019. PRSU shares earned in 2021 were related to performance awards granted to executives in 2018, 2019 and 2020. PRSU shares earned in 2022 were related to performance awards granted to executives in 2019, 2020 and 2021 and performance awards granted to a non-executive employee in 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
 Change in units due to performance expectations (a) 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 _______________________________ 
 (a) Relates to net adjustments to 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 PRSUs granted to executives and certain non-executive employees. PRSUs granted assumes attainment of an increased payout rate based on performance expectations. 
 
 ESPP 
 
 We have an ESPP under which U.S. employees may purchase up to 25,000 annually of common stock at 85 of its fair market value at the beginning or the end of a six-month offering period, whichever is lower. There are shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP, which is subject to an annual increase of the least of shares, two percent of the shares outstanding or such a number as determined by the Board. To date, there have been no increases. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares available for future issuance, all shares unissued under the plan expired during 2022. The ESPP is intended to constitute an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. We suspended our ESPP in 2017. 

NOTE 7. 
 
 88 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, which included the notional equivalent of million in MXN, million in Euros, million in CZK, million in JPY, million in CNH, million in USD, million in CAD, million in AUD and million in other foreign currencies, with terms currently through February 2024. Certain contracts were acquired as part of the Smiths Medical acquisition. We did not have such derivative contracts as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Cross-currency Par Forward Contracts 
 
 We entered into cross-currency par forward contracts to hedge a portion of our Mexico forecasted expenses denominated in MXN. These contracts are agreements to exchange cash flows from one currency to another at specified intervals over the contract term with all exchanges occurring at the same predetermined rate. 
 
 In November 2018, we hedged a portion of our Mexico forecasted expenses denominated in Pesos ("MXN") by entering into a one-year cross-currency par forward contract. The term of the one-year hedge was November 1, 2019 to November 3, 2020. The derivative instrument matured in equal monthly amounts at a fixed forward rate of MXN/USD. 
 
 In March 2020, we entered into a one-year cross-currency par forward contract. The total notional amount of this outstanding derivative as of December 31, 2020 was approximately million MXN. The term of this one-year contract was November 3, 2020 to December 1, 2021. The derivative instrument matured in equal monthly amounts at a fixed forward rate of MXN/USD. 
 
 In November 2021, we entered into a one-year cross-currency par forward contract. The total notional amount of this outstanding derivative as of December 31, 2021 was approximately million MXN. The term of this one-year contract is December 1, 2021 to December 1, 2022. The derivative instrument matured in equal monthly amounts at a fixed forward rate of MXN/USD. 
 
 Floating Interest Rate Risk 
 
 In November 2021, in anticipation of entering into the new senior secured credit facilities in January 2022, which included a variable-rate term loan A and a variable-rate term loan B (see Note 11: Long-term Debt), we entered into two forward-starting interest rate swaps. In February 2022, certain terms under the agreements were amended to reflect the transition from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), an alternative reference rate. Under the interest rate swap agreements we exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional amount. The term loan A swap, as amended, has an initial notional amount of 
 89 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, reducing to million evenly on a quarterly basis through its final maturity on March 30, 2027. We will pay a fixed rate of and will receive the greater of 3-month USD SOFR or ) . The term loan B swap, as amended, has an initial notional amount of million, reducing to million evenly on a quarterly basis excluding its final maturity on March 30, 2026. We will pay a fixed rate of and will receive the greater of 3-month USD SOFR or . These forward-starting swaps will effectively convert the relevant portion of the floating-rate term loans to fixed rates. 
 
 Other assets Total assets Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments As of December 31, 2021 Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts Forward-Starting Interest Rate Swaps Gross Derivatives Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets Total assets Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 The following table presents the effects of our derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands): 
 Gain Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income into Net (Loss) Income Location of Gain in the Consolidated Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments: Foreign exchange forward contracts Total revenues Foreign exchange forward contracts Cost of goods sold Foreign exchange forward contracts Interest expense (1) 
 Interest rate swaps Interest expense Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Represents location of gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income to net (loss) income as a result of a forecasted transaction being no longer probable of occurring. 
 90 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest rate swaps ) Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expect an estimated million in deferred gains on the outstanding foreign exchange forward contract and an estimated million in deferred gains on the forward-starting interest rate swaps will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income during the next 12 months concurrent with the underlying hedged transactions also being reported in net income. 

NOTE 8. 
 
 million in additional cash consideration contingent upon the achievement of certain sales and gross profit targets for specific customers. The earn-out was calculated as a percentage of gross profit achieved during the earn-out period against a pre-determined target gross profit, not to exceed million. During the earn-out period, we used a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of the earn-out liability. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilized multiple input variables to determine the value of the earn-out liability including historical volatility, a risk-free interest rate, counter party credit risk and projected future gross profit (see the simulation input table below related to Pursuit). The historical volatility was based on the median of ICU and a certain peer group. The risk-free interest rate was equal to the yield, as of the valuation date, of the zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bill that was commensurate with the term of the earn-out. The counter party credit risk was based on a synthetic credit rating of B1. As of June 30, 2021, the earn-out measurement period ended. Based on the actual sales and gross profit achieved during the measurement period, we calculated the actual earn-out amount to be million. The million earn-out calculation was finalized and accepted by Pursuit's former equity holders and was paid out in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 91 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, which will be earned based on certain revenue targets over a twelve-month measurement period determined by the highest four consecutive quarters commencing over a two-year period starting on the closing date of the agreement and provided that the distributor is in compliance with its obligations under the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the contingent earn-out was estimated at million. The estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out is calculated using a probability-weighted cash flow model based on historical revenue streams and the likelihood that the revenue targets will be met. 
 
 During November 2021, we acquired a small foreign infusion systems supplier. Total consideration for the acquisition includes a potential earn-out payment of up to million, consisting of (i) a cash payment of million contingent on the achievement of certain revenue targets for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 and, separately, (ii) a cash payment of million contingent on certain product-related regulatory certifications obtained by May 26, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value for the contingent consideration related to certain product-related regulatory certifications was estimated to be 1.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, the measurement period related to the contingent earn-out based on certain revenue targets ended and based on the actual revenue achieved during the measurement period we determined the fair value of the contingent earn-out was zero as the minimum threshold for earning the earn-out was not met. 
 
 On January 6, 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical with a combination of cash consideration and share consideration issued at closing. Total consideration for the acquisition includes a potential earn-out payment of million in cash contingent on our common stock achieving certain Price Targets from the closing date to either the third or fourth anniversary of closing (see Note 2: Acquisitions) and provided Smiths beneficially owns at least of the shares of common stock issued at closing at the time the Price Target is achieved. The initial estimated fair value of the earn-out was determined to be million using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The model utilized several assumptions including volatility and the risk-free interest rate. The assumed volatility is based on the average of the historical volatility of our common stock price and the implied volatility of certain at-the-money traded options. The risk-free interest rate is equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities at constant maturity for the period commensurate with the term of the earn-out. At each reporting date subsequent to the acquisition, we remeasure the earn-out liability and recognize any changes in its fair value in our consolidated statements of operations. If the probability of achieving the Price Targets during their respective measurement periods is significantly greater than initially anticipated, the realization of an additional liability and related expense will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements in the period recognized. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out is million. 
 
 Our contingent earn-out liabilities are separately stated on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent earn-out (included in income from operations as a separate line item) (1) 
 Contingent earn-out liability, December 31, 2020 Contingent earn-out con-compete arrangement Transfer of Pursuit earn-out liability into Level 2 (2) 
 ) Contingent earn-out liability, December 31, 2021 Acquisition date fair value estimate of earn-out (3) 
 Change in fair value of contingent earn-out (included in income from operations as a separate line item) (4) 
 ) Currency translation ) Contingent earn-out liability, December 31, 2022 
 92 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million relates to our acquisition of Smiths Medical and million relates to our acquisition of a small foreign infusions systems supplier in the fourth quarter of 2021 (see Note 2: Acquisitions). 
 (4) Includes an adjustment to reduce to zero a contingent earn-out issued as part of the 2021 acquisition of a small foreign infusion systems supplier. The contingent earn-out was not earned based on our determination that the threshold target was not met. 
 
 The following tables provide quantitative information about Level 3 inputs for fair value measurement of our earn-out liabilities related to Smiths Medical and Pursuit: 
 
 Smiths Medical Earn-out As of December 31, 2022 At Acquisition January 6, 2022 Simulation Input Volatility Risk-Free Rate 
 
 Discount Rate Risk-free rate Counter Party Risk 
 
 Investments, Foreign Currency Contracts and Interest Rate Contracts 
 
 Our investments consist of corporate and government bonds and U.S treasury securities. The fair value of our corporate and government bonds are estimated using observable market-based inputs such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves or Level 2 inputs. The fair value of our U.S. treasury securities are based on quoted market prices in active markets and are included in the Level 1 fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The fair value of our Level 2 forward currency contracts is estimated using observable market inputs such as known notional value amounts, spot and forward exchange rates. These inputs relate to liquid, heavily traded currencies with active markets which are available for the full term of the derivative. 
 
 The fair value of our Level 2 interest rate swaps is estimated using a pricing model that reflects the terms of the contracts, including the period to maturity, and relies on observable market inputs such as known notional value amounts and USD interest rate curves. 
 
 Other than the Pursuit earn-out liability described above, there were no transfers between levels in 2022 or 2021. 

93 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Short-term U.S. treasury securities Short-term government bonds Long-term corporate bonds Foreign exchange forwards: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets Interest rate contracts: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent earn-out liability - LT Foreign exchange contracts: Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 94 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Long-term Foreign exchange forwards: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent earn-out liability - LT Forward-starting interest rate swaps Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities 

NOTE 9. 
 
 Prepaid vendor expenses Deferred costs Prepaid insurance and property taxes VAT/GST receivable Deferred tax charge Foreign exchange forward contract Interest rate contracts Deposits Other 
 
 95 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Spare parts Equity method investments Interest rate contracts Deferred debt issuance costs Finance lease right-of-use assets Other 

NOTE 10. 
 
 Incentive compensation Operating lease liability-ST Accrued professional fees Field service corrective action (1) 
 Legal accrual Accrued sales taxes Warranties and returns Deferred revenue Accrued other taxes Distribution fees Accrued freight Restructuring accrual Foreign exchange contracts Accrued audit fees Defined benefit plan Accrued interest Accrued research and development Other 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes field corrective actions associated with certain products in connection with a 2021 Warning Letter received by Smiths Medical from the FDA following an inspection of Smiths Medical's Oakdale, Minnesota Facility, see Note 15: Commitments and Contingencies for further detail. 
 
 96 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Finance lease liability-LT Deferred revenue Forward-starting interest rate swaps Benefits Field service corrective action (1) 
 Accrued rent Other 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Includes field corrective actions associated with certain products in connection with a 2021 Warning Letter received by Smiths Medical from the FDA following an inspection of Smiths Medical's Oakdale, Minnesota Facility, see Note 15: Commitments and Contingencies for further detail. 

NOTE 11. 
 
 billion of senior secured credit facilities. The senior secured credit facilities include (i) a five-year Tranche A term loan of million (the "Term Loan A"), (ii) a seven-year Tranche B term loan of million (the "Term Loan B") and (iii) a five-year revolving credit facility of million (the "Revolving Credit Facility"), with separate sub-limits of million for letters of credit and swingline loans (collectively, the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities"). We used the proceeds from borrowings under the Term Loan A and the Term Loan B (collectively, the "Term Loans") to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the purchase of Smiths Medical and the related fees and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition. We did not incur borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility on the closing date of the acquisition. The proceeds from any future borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 In connection with entering into the Credit Agreement, during the period ended March 31, 2022, we incurred million in debt discount and issuance costs, which were allocated to the Term Loan A, the Term Loan B and the Revolving Credit Facility based on lender commitment amounts relative to each type of fees paid. The lender and third-party discount and issuance costs allocated to the Term Loan A and the Term Loan B were million and million, respectively, and are reflected as a direct deduction from the face amount of the corresponding term loans on the consolidated balance sheet. These costs are being amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the loans using the effective interest method. The issuance costs allocated to the Revolving Credit Facility were million, which are capitalized and included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. These costs are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility using the straight-line method. 
 
 The net funds received from the Term Loan A and the Term Loan B, after deducting debt issuance costs, were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Maturity Dates 
 
 The maturity date for the Term Loan A and the Revolving Credit Facility is and the maturity date for the Term Loan B is . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the maturity dates of the Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility may be extended upon our request, subject to the consent of the Lenders. 
 
 97 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined below) for a one-month period plus, in each case, . 
 
 Adjusted Term SOFR is the rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment. Term SOFR is the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR and is calculated separately for Term SOFR Loans and Base Rate Loans, as specified in the Credit Agreement. The Term SOFR Adjustment is a percentage per annum of for Base Rate Loans and between to for Term SOFR Loans based on the applicable interest period. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility Commitment Fee 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility has a per annum commitment fee at an initial rate of which is applied to the available amount of the Revolving Credit Facility. Effective on the first Adjustment Date, as defined in the Credit Agreement, occurring subsequent to our quarter ended June 30, 2022, the commitment fee will be determined by reference to the leverage ratio in effect from time to time as set forth in the table below. 
 
 Applicable Interest Margins 
 
 The Term Loan A and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility have an initial applicable margin of per annum for Base Rate Loans and per annum for Term SOFR Loans. 
 
 Less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.0 but greater than 3.00 to 1.0 Less than or equal to 3.00 to 1.0 but greater than 2.50 to 1.0 Less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.0 but greater than 2.00 to 1.0 Less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.0 
 
 The Term Loan B has an initial applicable margin of per annum for Base Rate Loans and per annum for Term SOFR Loans. 

98 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Less than 2.75 to 1.0 
 
 Principal Payments 
 
 Principal payments on the Term Loans are due on the last day of each calendar quarter commencing on June 30, 2022. 
 
 The Term Loan A will amortize in nineteen consecutive quarterly installments in an amount equal to of the original principal amount in each of the first two years, in each of the third and fourth years and in the fifth year, with a final payment of the remaining outstanding principal balance due on the maturity date. 
 
 The Term Loan B matures in twenty-seven consecutive quarterly installments in an amount equal to of the original principal amount, with a final payment of the remaining outstanding principal balance due on the maturity date. 
 
 We may borrow, prepay and re-borrow amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, with all outstanding amounts due at maturity. 
 
 During March 2022, we prepaid million in principal payments on the Term Loan A principal balance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, including the prepayment, we paid a total of million in principal payments on both Term Loans. 
 
 Interest Payments 
 
 Interest payments on Base Rate Loans are payable quarterly in arrears on the last business day of each calendar quarter and the applicable maturity date. Interest periods on Term SOFR Loans will be determined, at our option, as either one, three or six months and will be payable on the last day of each interest period and the applicable maturity date. In the case of any interest periods of more than three months' duration, the interest payment will be payable on each day prior to the last day of such interest period that occurs at three-month intervals. 
 
 The commitment fee on the Revolving Credit Facility is payable quarterly in arrears on the third business day following the last day of each calendar quarter and at the maturity date. The commitment fee is included in interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Guarantors and Collateral 
 
 Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by ICU Medical, Inc. and certain of our existing subsidiaries. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants. The negative covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, certain merger and acquisition transactions, asset sales and other dispositions, other investments, dividends, share purchases and payments affecting subsidiaries, changes in nature of business, fiscal year or organizational documents, prepayments and redemptions of subordinated and other junior debt, transactions with affiliates, and other matters. 
 
 The financial covenants include the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, both defined below, and pertain to the Term Loan A and the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is defined, at any measurement date, as the ratio of: (a) all Funded Debt, as defined in the Credit Agreement, that is secured by a lien on any asset or property minus the lesser of (i) all unrestricted cash and cash 
 99 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, to (b) Consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement, for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters, calculated on a pro forma basis. The maximum Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is 4.50 to 1.00 until June 30, 2024. Thereafter, the maximum Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is 4.00 to 1.00, with limited permitted exception. 
 
 The Interest Coverage ratio is defined, at any measurement date, as the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement, to Consolidated Interest Expense, as defined in the Credit Agreement, paid or payable in cash, for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters. The minimum Interest Coverage ratio is 3.00 to 1.00. 
 
 We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including, among others: non-payments of principal and interest; breach of representations and warranties; covenant defaults; cross-defaults and cross-acceleration to certain other material indebtedness; the existence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings; certain events under ERISA; material judgments; and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and is not cured within any applicable grace period or is not waived, the administrative agent and the Lenders are entitled to take various actions, including, without limitation, the acceleration of all amounts due and the termination of commitments under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
 
 2017 Credit Facility 
 
 On November 8, 2017, we entered into a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility with various lenders for million, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing lender (the "Credit Facility"). The Credit Facility, which was set to mature on , was terminated in connection with entering into the Credit Agreement on January 6, 2022. There were borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility at that date or at December 31, 2021. The remaining unamortized deferred debt issuance costs related to the Credit Facility were not material and were expensed in connection with its termination. 
 
 Term Loan B principal Revolving Credit Facility principal Less unamortized debt issuance costs (1) 
 ) Total carrying value of long-term debt Less current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt, net 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Comprised of million and million relating to the Term Loan A and the Term Loan B, respectively. 

100 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Commitment fee Revolving Credit Facility Total long-term debt-related interest expense 

NOTE 12.) Foreign ) 
 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 We have accrued for tax contingencies for potential tax assessments, and in 2022 we recognized a million net increase, most of which related to various federal, state and foreign tax reserves. 

101 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 State income tax, net of federal effect ) Tax credits ) ) ) ) ) Global intangible low-taxed income ) Foreign income tax differential ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income ) ) ) ) ) Transaction cost ) Contingent consideration ) ) Section 162(m) ) Other ) ) ) ) 
 
 Tax credits in 2022, 2021 and 2020 consist principally of research and developmental tax credits. 
 
 Acquired future tax deductions Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustments Tax credits Inventory reserves Warranty reserve Section 163(j) Chargebacks, discounts, customer concessions Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liability: State income taxes Depreciation and amortization Section 481(a) adjustment - change in accounting method Foreign currency translation adjustments Deferred tax (liability) asset, net ) 
 
 Tax Holidays and Carryforwards 
 
 Net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards consist of: (a) federal NOL carryforwards of million which will expire at various dates from 2023 to indefinite carryforward periods, (b) state NOL carryforwards of million which will expire at various dates from 2026 to indefinite carryforward periods and (c) foreign NOL carryforwards of million which will expire at various dates from 2023 to indefinite carryforward periods. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit 
 102 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million on the million DTAs related to these foreign NOL carryforwards. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, certain ownership changes limit the utilization of the NOL carryforwards, and the amount of federal NOL carryforwards recorded is the net federal benefit available. 
 
 Other carryforwards include state research and development R D tax credit carryforwards of million, which have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 
 A substantial portion of our manufacturing operations in Costa Rica operate under various tax holiday and tax incentive programs due to expire in whole or in part in 2029. Certain of the holidays may be extended if specific conditions are met. The net impact of these tax holiday and tax incentives was an increase to our net earnings by million or per diluted share in 2022 and by million or per diluted share in 2021. 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, and related tax effects, are an element of other comprehensive income and are not included in net income other than the revaluation of the associated deferred tax asset due to the Tax Act. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have estimated million of undistributed foreign earnings and profits. Such earnings were previously subject to U.S. tax as a result of the Tax Act and much of any future remittances would generally be subject to no U.S. tax as a result of dividends received deductions and/or foreign tax credit relief. We intend to invest substantially all of our foreign subsidiary earnings, as well as our capital in our foreign subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. in those jurisdictions in which we incur significant additional costs upon repatriation of such amounts. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and various states and foreign jurisdictions. Our U.S. federal income tax returns for tax years 2019 and forward are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our principal state income tax returns for tax years 2012 and forward are subject to examination by the state tax authorities. The total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 was million which, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. We believe that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. As of December 31, 2022, it is reasonably possible that the expiration of the U.S. federal statute of limitations will cause the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits to decrease by 7.8 million. It is not possible to estimate any other amount of change, if any, in the unrecognized tax benefits that is reasonably possible within the next twelve months. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. We have accrued for penalties and interest of million and million, respectively as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Increases to prior year tax positions Increases due to acquisitions Increases to current year tax positions Decreases to prior year tax positions ) ) Decrease related to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Decrease related to settlements with tax authorities ) Ending balance 

NOTE 13. 
 
 103 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of consolidated net sales. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 
 Mexico Other LATAM Canada Italy Spain Czech Republic Other Europe APAC Total Foreign United States Worldwide Total 

NOTE 14. 
 
 million of our common stock. This plan has no expiration date. We have million remaining on this purchase plan. We did not purchase any of our common stock under our common stock purchase plan in 2022, 2021 or 2020. We are limited on share purchases in accordance with the terms and conditions of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities (see Note 11: Long-Term Obligations). 
 
 In 2022, we withheld shares of our common stock from employee vested restricted stock units in consideration for million in payments for the employees' share award income tax withholding obligations. We had shares remaining in treasury at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In 2021, we withheld shares of our common stock from employee vested restricted stock units in consideration for million in payments for the employees' share award income tax withholding obligations. We had shares remaining in treasury at December 31, 2021. 
 
 In 2020, we withheld shares of our common stock from employee vested restricted stock units in consideration for million in payments for the employees' share award income tax withholding obligations. We had shares remaining in treasury at December 31, 2020. 
 
 We use treasury stock to issue shares for stock option exercises and restricted stock grants. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ("AOCI") 

104 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 

NOTE 15. 
 
 million to be paid to former Pursuit equity holders, calculated based upon the achievement of certain performance targets during the earn-out period. As of June 30, 2021, the earn-out measurement period had ended and based on the actual sales and gross profit achieved during the measurement period we calculated the actual earn-out to be million. In October 2021, the million earn-out was finalized and paid to the former Pursuit equity holders (see Note 8: Fair Value Measurements). 
 
 In August 2021, we entered into an agreement with one of our international distributors whereby that distributor would not compete with us in a specific territory for a three-year period that will end in September 2024. The terms of the agreement include a contingent earn-out payment. The contingent earn-out shall not exceed million, which will be earned based on certain revenue targets over a twelve-month measurement period determined by the highest four consecutive quarters commencing over a two-year period starting on the closing date of the agreement and provided that the distributor is in compliance with its obligations under the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the contingent earn-out was estimated at million (see Note 8: Fair Value Measurements). 
 105 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, consisting of (i) a cash payment of million contingent on the achievement of certain revenue targets for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 and, separately, (ii) a cash payment of million contingent on certain product-related regulatory certifications obtained by May 26, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value for the contingent consideration related to certain product-related regulatory certifications was estimated to be million. As of December 31, 2022, the measurement period related to the contingent earn-out based on certain revenue targets ended and based on the actual revenue achieved during the measurement period we determined the fair value of the contingent earn-out was zero as the minimum threshold for earning the earn-out was not met. 
 
 On January 6, 2022, we acquired Smiths Medical. Total consideration for the acquisition includes a potential earn-out payment of million in cash contingent on our common stock achieving a certain volume-weighted average price from the closing date to either the third or fourth anniversary of closing. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out is million (see Note 8: Fair Value Measurements). 
 
 Prior to being acquired, during 2021, Smiths Medical received a Warning Letter from the FDA following an inspection of Smiths Medical s Oakdale, Minnesota Facility. The Warning Letter cited, among other things, failures to comply with FDA's medical device reporting requirements and failures to comply with applicable portions of the Quality System Regulation. A provision for the estimated costs related to the field service corrective action was recorded on the opening acquired balance sheet of Smiths Medical. The initial estimate recorded was based on a probability-weighted estimate of the costs required to settle the obligation. The actual costs to be incurred are dependent upon the scope of the work necessary to achieve regulatory clearance and could differ from the original estimate. The estimated field service corrective action recorded at December 31, 2022 is million. 
 
 Commitments 
 
 We have non-cancelable operating lease agreements where we are contractually obligated to pay certain lease payment amounts (see Note 5: Leases). 

NOTE 16. 
 million. The minimum purchase obligation under the addendum was satisfied during 2022. The Product Addendum expired on November 30, 2022. 

106 

ICU MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 17. 
 
 million uncommitted receivables purchase agreement with Bank of The West ("BOW") which provides for a less expensive form of capital. The discount rate applied to the sold receivables equals, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) an applicable margin of 1.75 , plus (ii) Term SOFR for a period equal to the discount period which is calculated with respect to the payment terms of the specific receivable. The accounts receivable to be sold have payment terms ranging between 30 and 60 days, and are related to customer accounts with good credit history. The transfer of the purchased accounts receivable under the agreement is intended to be an absolute and irrevocable transfer constituting a true sale as the transferred receivables have been isolated beyond the reach of the Company and our creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership. We will not retain effective control over the sold receivables and BOW will have the right upon purchase to pledge and/or exchange the transferred assets without restrictions. The Company will act as collection agent for BOW, collection services will be undertaken by our accounts receivable personnel in their normal course of business and collected funds will be remitted to BOW. The discount rate has been negotiated net of consideration for the collection services, the cost of collection is expected to be immaterial to the Company. 
 107 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. B ased upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 As permitted by related SEC staff interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, the internal control over financial reporting of Smiths Medical was excluded from the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Smiths Medical, which we acquired in January 2022, constituted approximately 40 of our total assets and 42 of our total revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting, other than changes resulting from the acquisition and integration of Smiths Medical. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management has used the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Based on this criteria, management of the Company has concluded that the Company has maintained effective internal control over its financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As permitted by related SEC staff interpretive guidance, we have excluded from the scope of our assessment of internal control over financial reporting the operations and related assets of Smiths Medical. Smiths Medical constituted approximately 40 of our total assets and 42 of our total revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm that audited the December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and its report is below. 
 
 108 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The following table lists the names, ages, certain positions and offices held by our executive officers and directors as of January 31, 2023: 
 Name Age Office Held Vivek Jain 50 Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chairman of the Board Brian Bonnell 49 Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and Treasurer Christian Voigtlander 55 Chief Operating Officer ("COO") Daniel Woolson 46 Corporate Vice President, General Manager - Infusion Systems Virginia Sanzone 48 Corporate Vice President, General Counsel George A. Lopez, M.D. 75 Director David C. Greenberg 56 Director Elisha Finney 61 Director David Hoffmeister 68 Director Donald Abbey 56 Director Laurie Hernandez 65 Director Kolleen T. Kennedy 63 Director William Seeger 71 Director 
 
 Mr. Jain joined the Company in February 2014 as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jain served as CareFusion Corporation's ("CareFusion") President of Procedural Solutions from 2011 to February 2014. Mr. Jain served as President, Medical Technologies and Services of CareFusion from 2009 until 2011. Mr. Jain served as the Executive Vice-President-Strategy and Corporate Development of Cardinal Health from 2007 until 2009. Mr. Jain served as Senior Vice President, Business Development and M A for the Philips Medical Systems business of Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V., an electronics company from 2006 to August 2007. Mr. Jain served as an investment banker at J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc., an investment banking firm, from 1994 to 2006. Mr. Jain's last position with J.P. Morgan was as Co-Head of Global Healthcare Investment Banking from 2002 to 2006. 
 
 Mr. Voigtlander has served as our Chief Operating Officer since January 2018. From February 2017 to January 2018, Mr. Voigtlander served as the Company s Corporate Vice President, Business Development and General Manager, Infusion Solutions. From June 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Voigtlander served as the Company s Vice President, Business Development. Prior to May 2015, Mr. Voigtlander held various roles at CareFusion and last served as Senior Vice President, Business Development and Strategy. 
 
 Mr. Bonnell has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since March 3, 2020. From May 2018 until March 2020, Mr. Bonnell served as the Company s Corporate Vice President, Finance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bonnell served as Treasurer and Head of Financial Planning and Analysis at Alere Inc. from May 2015 until December 2017. Prior to May 2015, Mr. Bonnell held various roles at CareFusion Corporation in Finance and last served as Senior Vice President, Tax and Treasurer. 
 
 Mr. Woolson has served as our Corporate Vice President, General Manager - Infusion Systems since January 2017. Mr. Woolson served as President, Respiratory Solutions for Becton Dickinson from March 2015 to November 2016. Prior to March 2015, Mr. Woolson held various roles at CareFusion and last served as Vice President/General Manager, Specialty Disposables. 
 
 109 

Ms. Sanzone has served as our Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since January 2018. Ms. Sanzone also serves as our Compliance Officer. Ms. Sanzone served as the Company s Vice President, General Counsel from August of 2015 to January 2018. Prior to August of 2015, Ms. Sanzone held various roles at CareFusion and last served as Senior Vice President, Associate General Counsel - Business Segments Americas. 
 
 Dr. George A. Lopez, M.D. has been a director since 1984. He is the founder of the Company and served as Chairman of the Board, President and CEO from 1989 to October 2013, stepping down from these positions for health reasons. The Board believes Mr. Lopez should serve as a director due to his extensive experience with the Company and industry knowledge provides an invaluable insight to the Board on issues involving the Company and its goals. 
 
 Mr. David C. Greenberg has been a director since 2015, serves as Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Compensation Committee and is a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Greenberg is currently serving as Chief Executive Officer of HomeThrive, Inc. Mr. Greenberg joined HomeThrive, Inc. in October 2018. Mr. Greenberg was Executive Vice President, Strategy of Medline Industries, Inc. Medline from June 2008 to October 2018. Medline is a privately held manufacturer and distributor of medical supplies uniquely positioned to provide products, education and support across the continuum of care. In that capacity, Mr. Greenberg was a member of Medline s Executive Board and advised top leadership/ownership on all aspects of the business. Mr. Greenberg was responsible for Strategy, Business Development and M A. Additionally, Mr. Greenberg was a Group President and had responsibility for Medline s distribution business and several manufacturing and marketing divisions. Mr. Greenberg has served on the board of directors for Amendia, Inc., a spinal implant company. Previously, Mr. Greenberg spent thirteen years in a variety of leadership positions within Aon Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer of its Aon Global subsidiary. Mr. Greenberg previously served as a director at Potrero Medical, Inc., the latest spinout of medical device incubator Theranova, LLC. Currently Mr. Greenberg serves on the board of directors of HomeThrive, Inc. since October 2018 and Canadian Hospital Specialties, a privately held medical device manufacturer and specialty distributor, since April 2021. The Board believes Mr. Greenberg should serve as a director due to his extensive knowledge and experience in the medical industry, demonstrated executive leadership in business and insight into financial matters. 
 
 Ms. Elisha W. Finney has been a director since January 2016, and serves as Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and is a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Finney, now retired, was named Vice President, Finance and CFO of Varian Medical Systems in April 1999. In January 2005, she was promoted to Senior Vice President and given additional management responsibility for the Corporate Information Systems group. She was named Executive Vice President in February 2012. Varian Medical Systems is a leading manufacturer of medical devices and software for treating cancer and other medical conditions with radiotherapy, radiosurgery, proton therapy and brachytherapy. Ms. Finney managed a worldwide staff of 400. Her management responsibilities included corporate accounting; corporate communications and investor relations; internal financial and compliance audit; risk management; tax and treasury, and corporate information systems. Ms. Finney joined Varian as risk manager in 1988 and has assumed a wide variety of finance functions over her last 29 years with the company. Prior to joining Varian, Ms. Finney was with the Fox Group in Foster City, CA, and Beatrice Foods, a major food processing company, in Chicago, IL. Ms. Finney has served on the boards of: NanoString Technologies, a company that specializes in development of cancer diagnostics tools, since May 2017; Mettler Toledo, a multinational manufacturer of scales and analytical instruments, since November 2017; and Viatris, a global pharmaceutical and healthcare corporation, since December 2022. Ms. Finney previously served on the boards of directors of: Laserscope from August 2005 until July 2006 when Laserscope was sold to American Medical Systems; Thoratec, a developer, manufacturer and marketer of proprietary medical devices for mechanical circulatory support from July 2007 to May 2013; Altera Corporation, a manufacturer of programmable logic devices from September 2011 until December 2015, when Altera was sold to Intel; Cutera, Inc. a global provider of laser and other energy-based aesthetic systems, from November 2017 to May 2019; and iRobot Corporation, a robotics technology company, from January 2017 to November 2021. The Board believes Ms. Finney should serve as a director due to her extensive knowledge and experience in the medical industry and her financial knowledge and experience, particularly with respect to her service on the Audit Committee. 
 
 Mr. David F. Hoffmeister has been director since January 2018 and serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Hoffmeister served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Life Technologies Corp. from 2004 to 2014. Prior to joining Life Technologies, Mr. Hoffmeister was a senior partner with McKinsey Co., focusing on health care, private equity and chemicals industries. Before joining McKinsey, Mr. Hoffmeister held financial positions at GTE Corp. and W.R. Grace and Co. Mr. Hoffmeister currently serves on the boards of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. and Kaiser Foundation Hospitals and has since November of 2014. Mr. Hoffmeister currently serves on the Board of Directors of Glaukos Corp. and has since 2014; Celanese Corp., since 2005; and Stepstone Group, Inc. since 2020. Mr. Hoffmeister received a bachelor s of science degree from University of Minnesota and a M.B.A. from University of Chicago. The Board believes Mr. Hoffmeister should serve as a director due to his strong finance background and extensive experience as a chief financial officer of a global biotechnology company. 
 110 

Mr. Donald M. Abbey has been a director since January 2018 and is a member of the Nominating Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. Mr. Abbey is currently serving as Executive Vice President, Global Business Services, IT, Quality and Regulatory Affairs at Dexcom, Inc. Dexcom ). Mr. Abbey joined Dexcom in May of 2016. Prior to joining Dexcom, Mr. Abbey was with Becton Dickinson (who acquired CareFusion Corporation in 2015 and which was spun out of Cardinal Health in 2009 (collectively, BD from 2007. Mr. Abbey served in many roles over his years at BD including most recently as the Senior Vice President, Quality and Regulatory. Prior to his time at BD, Mr. Abbey held senior quality and regulatory affairs and general management positions with Respironics, Welch Allyn and Philips Healthcare. Mr. Abbey began his career at Varian Medical and Boston Scientific holding positions with increasing responsibility in research and development and quality. Mr. Abbey received a B.S.E.E from Washington State University and a M.B.A from University of Washington. The Board believes Mr. Abbey should serve as a director due to his extensive knowledge and experience in the medical industry and particularly, his knowledge of compliance and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Ms. Laurie Hernandez has been a director since July 2021 and is a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Hernandez is a retired healthcare executive with over 25 years of strategic healthcare experience. Ms. Hernandez joined Baxter Healthcare Corporation Baxter in November of 2007 and has assumed a wide variety of strategic positions over her 10 years with that company. Prior to joining Baxter, Ms. Hernandez was with Hospira Inc. in Lake Forest, Illinois. Ms. Hernandez previously served on the boards of Sinai Health System in Chicago, Illinois and Lambs Farm in Libertyville, Illinois. The Board believes Ms. Hernandez should serve as a director due to her extensive experience in the medical industry. 
 
 Ms. Kolleen T. Kennedy has been a director since December 2021 and recently retired as President, Proton Solutions Chief Growth Officer at Varian Medical Systems Varian in December 2021. Ms. Kennedy joined Varian in 1997 as Marketing Manager for radiation therapy delivery systems, and assumed other strategic roles over 24 years including Executive Vice President of Varian Oncology Systems, the market leading radiation therapy business division with nearly 7,000 employees worldwide. Prior to joining Varian, Ms. Kennedy was with Siemens Medical Systems and Radiation Oncology Computer Systems in oncology product sales and marketing. Ms. Kennedy received BS degrees in Radiation Oncology and Psychology from Wayne State University as well as an MS degree in Medical Physics from the University of Colorado. Ms. Kennedy currently serves on the board of Wayne State University Foundation since 2018, served on the board of the City Cancer Challenge Foundation from 2018 to 2022, and served on the board of the Radiation Oncology Institute from 2018 to 2021. The Board believes Ms. Kennedy should serve as a director due to her relevant knowledge and history in the medical industry. 
 
 Mr. William Seeger has been a director since February 2022. Mr Seeger, now retired, joined GKN plc, a global engineering group, in 2003 and was Group Finance Director until his retirement in 2014. At GKN plc he also held the roles of CEO of the Propulsion Systems Division, and CFO of the Aerospace Division. Earlier in his career Mr. Seeger spent 30 years at TRW, a U.S.-based automotive and aerospace group, where he held various senior finance positions. Mr. Seeger currently serves on the board of Spectris plc since 2015, Smiths Group PLC since 2014 and served on the board of GKN plc from 2007 to 2014. As mentioned above, in connection with the Company's issuance of stock consideration for the acquisition of Smiths, the Company and Smiths Group entered into a Shareholder's Agreement which gives Smiths Group the right to designate one individual for election to the Board so long as Smiths Group beneficially owns at least 5 of the total outstanding shares of the Company stock. Mr. Seeger is Smiths Group s designated director. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all our directors, officers, and other employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy is available on our website, www.icumed.com in the "Investors" section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any future amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as Nasdaq's requirement to disclose waivers with respect to directors and executive officers, by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. 
 
 Additional information as required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K will be set forth under the captions Executive Officers, Election of Directors , Audit Committee and Compliance with Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 111 

The information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K will be set forth under the caption Executive Officer and Director Compensation , Compensation Committee and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K will be set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K will be set forth under the caption Transactions with Related Persons , Policies and Procedures Regarding Transactions with Related Persons and Director Independence in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information about aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB No. as required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K will be set forth under the caption Ratification of Auditors in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 112 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Form 10-K Page No. The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 56 
 2. Exhibits . The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 
 113 
 3. Financial Statement Schedules. The Financial Statement Schedules required to be filed as a part of this Report are: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 115 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2021, by and between Smiths Group International Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales, and ICU Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 8, 2021. 2.2 
 Put Option Deed from ICU Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation to Smiths Group International Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 8, 2021. 3.1 
 Registrant's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated. Filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2014. 3.2 
 Registrant's Bylaws, as amended and restated. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 3, 2016. 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed March 2, 3020. 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Directors and Executive Officers. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2010, filed October 22, 2010 (File No. 001-34634). 10. 2 
 Registrant's 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A on April 3, 2002 (File No. 000-19974). 10. 3 
 Executive officer compensation 10. 4 
 Non-employee director compensation 10. 5 
 2008 Performance-Based Incentive Plan, as amended. Filed as Annex A to Registrant's proxy statement filed April 3, 2013 (File No. 001-34634). 10. 6 
 Amended and Restated ICU Medical, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 10. 7 
 First Amendment to ICU Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed March 2, 2020 (File No.001-34634). 
 113 

10 .8 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2022, by and between ICU Medical, Inc. and Vivek Jain. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2022. 10. 9 
 Letter agreement between the Registrant and Alison Burcar, effective April 1, 2019. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 2019. 10. 10 
 ICU Medical, Inc. Executive Severance Plan. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2017. 10.1 1 
 First Amendment to the ICU Medical, Inc. Executive Severance Plan. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2020. 10.1 2 
 Second Amendment to the ICU Medical, Inc. Executive Severance Plan. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 3, 2023. 10. 13 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2022, by and among ICU Medical, Inc. as Borrower, certain subsidiaries as guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Barclays Bank PLC as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers and the other joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers listed therein.# Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2022. 10 .14 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2022, by and between ICU Medical, Inc. and Smiths Group International Holdings Limited. Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2022. 21 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Exhibit 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 __________________________________________ 
 Executive compensation plan or other arrangement 
 # Annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 
 114 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 ICU MEDICAL, INC. 
 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 ) Warranty and return reserve - accounts receivable ) ) Warranty and return reserve - inventory ) ) ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance For the year ended December 31, 2021: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Warranty and return reserve - accounts receivable ) Warranty and return reserve - inventory ) ) ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) For the year ended December 31, 2022: Allowance for doubtful accounts Warranty and return reserve - accounts receivable (1) 
 ) Warranty and return reserve - inventory/accrued (2) 
 ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 ______________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes an acquired balance of 3.8 million related to the Smiths Medical acquisition. 
 (2) Includes an acquired balance of 55.2 million in short-term and long-term accrued warranty reserve related to the Smiths Medical acquisition. 
 
 115 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ICU MEDICAL, INC. By: /s/ Vivek Jain Vivek Jain Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Dated: February 27, 2023 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 116 

Signature Title Date /s/ Vivek Jain Chairman of the Board and February 27, 2023 Vivek Jain Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Brian M. Bonnell Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2023 Brian M. Bonnell (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ George A. Lopez, M.D. Director February 27, 2023 George A. Lopez, M.D. /s/ David C. Greenberg Director February 27, 2023 David C. Greenberg /s/ Elisha W. Finney Director February 27, 2023 Elisha W. Finney /s/ David F. Hoffmeister Director February 27, 2023 David F. Hoffmeister /s/ Donald M. Abbey Director February 27, 2023 Donald M. Abbey /s/ Laurie Hernandez Director February 27, 2023 Laurie Hernandez /s/ Kolleen T. Kennedy Director February 27, 2023 Kolleen T. Kennedy /s/ William Seeger Director February 27, 2023 William Seeger 
 117 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 exhibit103executiveofficer.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 
 Executive Officer Compensation 
 
 As of March 1, 2022, the annual base salaries for our executive officers are as follows 
 Name Title Vivek Jain Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 775,000 Brian M. Bonnell Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 475,000 Christian Voigtlander Chief Operating Officer 500,000 Daniel Woolson Corporate Vice President, General Manager - Infusion Systems 375,000 Virginia Sanzone Corporate Vice President, General Counsel 430,000 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 exhibit104non-employeedire.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation 
 
 We currently pay our non-employee directors the following 
 
 annual retainer of 93,500 for the Lead Director 
 annual retainer of 102,000 for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee 
 annual retainer of 92,500 for the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee 
 annual retainer of 85,000 for the Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 The equity component of the director's compensation is valued at 180,000. The annual equity package consists of 50 in stock options and 50 in restricted stock units. The options become exercisable one year after the grant date and expire ten years after the grant date. The restricted stock units vest one year from the grant date. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 exhibit106amendedandrestat.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ICU MEDICAL, INC. 2011 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 1. Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of this Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentives to Employees, Directors and Consultants and to promote the success of the Company s business. The Plan amends and restates in its entirety the ICU Medical, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Original Plan ). 
 
 2. Definitions . The following definitions shall apply as used herein and in the individual Award Agreements except as defined otherwise in an individual Award Agreement. In the event a term is separately defined in an individual Award Agreement, such definition shall supersede the definition contained in this Section 2. 
 
 (a) Administrator means the Board or any of the Committees appointed to administer the Plan. 
 
 (b) Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (c) Applicable Laws means the legal requirements relating to the Plan and the Awards under applicable provisions of federal securities laws, state corporate and securities laws, the Code, the rules of any applicable stock exchange or national market system, and the rules of any non-U.S. jurisdiction applicable to Awards granted to residents therein. 
 
 (d) Assumed means that pursuant to a Corporate Transaction or Change in Control either (i) the Award is expressly affirmed by the Company or (ii) the contractual obligations represented by the Award are expressly assumed (and not simply by operation of law) by the successor entity or its Parent in connection with the transaction with appropriate adjustments to the number and type of securities of the successor entity or its Parent subject to the Award and the exercise or purchase price thereof which at least preserves the compensation element of the Award existing at the time of the transaction as determined in accordance with the instruments evidencing the agreement to assume the Award. 
 
 (e) Award means the grant of an Option, SAR, Dividend Equivalent Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit or other right or benefit under the Plan. 
 
 (f) Award Agreement means the written agreement evidencing the grant of an Award executed by the Company and the Grantee, including any amendments thereto. 
 
 (g) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (h) Cause means, with respect to the termination by the Company or a Related Entity of the Grantee s Continuous Service, that such termination is for Cause as such term (or word of like import) is expressly defined in a then-effective written agreement between the Grantee and the Company or such Related Entity, or in the absence of such then-effective written agreement and definition, is based on, in the determination of the Administrator, the Grantee s (i) performance of any act or failure to perform any act in bad faith and to the detriment of the Company or a Related Entity (ii) dishonesty, intentional misconduct or material breach of any agreement with the Company or a Related Entity or (iii) commission of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical or emotional harm to any person provided, however, that with regard to any agreement that defines Cause on the occurrence of or in connection with a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such definition of Cause shall not apply until a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control actually occurs. 
 
 (i) Change in Control means 
 
 (i) With respect to an Award granted prior to the Effective Date, a Change in Control as defined in the Original Plan and 

(ii) With respect to an Award granted on or after the Effective Date, a change in ownership or control of the Company effected through either of the following transactions 
 
 (A) the acquisition by an individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act (a Person of beneficial ownership of any capital stock of the Company if, after such acquisition, such Person beneficially owns (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) 50 or more of either (A) the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (i) any acquisition from the Company, (ii) any acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with all of clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (c) of this section or 
 
 (B) individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the members of the Board (the Incumbent Directors ceasing for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then in office shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director (except that this proviso shall not apply to any individual whose initial election as a director occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board) or 
 
 (C) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving the Company or a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a Business Combination ), unless, immediately following such Business Combination, each of the following three conditions is satisfied (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the then-outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, respectively, of the resulting or acquiring corporation in such Business Combination (which shall include, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries)(such resulting or acquiring corporation is referred to as the Acquiring Corporation in substantially the same proportions, relative to one another, as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, respectively, (B) no Person (excluding the Acquiring Corporation or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) maintained or sponsored by the Company or the Acquiring Corporation) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Acquiring Corporation, or of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such corporation (except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination) and (C) a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Acquiring Corporation were Incumbent Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination or 
 
 (D) approval of the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A of the Code, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A of the Code, the transaction or event described in subsection (A), (B), (C) or (D) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only 

constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event , as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (k) Committee means any committee composed of members of the Board appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 
 
 (l) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 
 (m) Company means ICU Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor entity that assumes the Plan in connection with a Change in Control. 
 
 (n) Consultant means any person (other than an Employee or a Director, solely with respect to rendering services in such person s capacity as a Director) who is engaged by the Company or any Related Entity to render consulting or advisory services to the Company or such Related Entity. 
 
 (o) Continuing Directors means members of the Board who either (i) have been Board members continuously for a period of at least twelve (12) months or (ii) have been Board members for less than twelve (12) months and were elected or nominated for election as Board members by at least a majority of the Board members described in clause (i) who were still in office at the time such election or nomination was approved by the Board. 
 
 (p) Continuous Service means that the provision of services to the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant is not interrupted or terminated. In jurisdictions requiring notice in advance of an effective termination as an Employee, Director or Consultant, Continuous Service shall be deemed terminated upon the actual cessation of providing services to the Company or a Related Entity notwithstanding any required notice period that must be fulfilled before a termination as an Employee, Director or Consultant can be effective under Applicable Laws. A Grantee s Continuous Service shall be deemed to have terminated either upon an actual termination of Continuous Service or upon the entity for which the Grantee provides services ceasing to be a Related Entity. Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any approved leave of absence, (ii) transfers among the Company, any Related Entity, or any successor, in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant, or (iii) any change in status as long as the individual remains in the service of the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant (except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, in the event of any spin-off of a Related Entity, service as an Employee, Director or Consultant for such Related Entity following such spin-off shall be deemed to be Continuous Service for purposes of the Plan and any Award under the Plan. An approved leave of absence shall include sick leave, military leave, or any other authorized personal leave. For purposes of each Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan, if such leave exceeds three (3) months, and reemployment upon expiration of such leave is not guaranteed by statute or contract, then the Incentive Stock Option shall be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option on the day three (3) months and one (1) day following the expiration of such three (3) month period. 
 
 (q) Corporate Transaction means any of the following transactions provided, however, that the Administrator shall determine under parts (iv) and (v) whether multiple transactions are related, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive 
 
 (i) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for a transaction the principal purpose of which is to change the state in which the Company is incorporated 
 
 (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company 
 
 (iii) the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company 

(iv) any reverse merger or series of related transactions culminating in a reverse merger (including, but not limited to, a tender offer followed by a reverse merger) in which the Company is the surviving entity but (A) the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such merger are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise, or (B) in which securities possessing more than forty percent (40 of the total combined voting power of the Company s outstanding securities are transferred to a person or persons different from those who held such securities immediately prior to such merger or the initial transaction culminating in such merger, but excluding any such transaction or series of related transactions that the Administrator determines shall not be a Corporate Transaction or 
 
 (v) acquisition in a single or series of related transactions by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or by a Company-sponsored employee benefit plan) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3 of the Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s outstanding securities but excluding any such transaction or series of related transactions that the Administrator determines shall not be a Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (r) Covered Employee means an Employee who is a covered employee under Section 162(m)(3) of the Code. 
 
 (s) Director means a member of the Board or the board of directors of any Related Entity. 
 
 (t) Disability means as defined under the long-term disability policy of the Company or the Related Entity to which the Grantee provides services regardless of whether the Grantee is covered by such policy. If the Company or the Related Entity to which the Grantee provides services does not have a long-term disability plan in place, Disability means that a Grantee is unable to carry out the responsibilities and functions of the position held by the Grantee by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of not less than ninety (90) consecutive days. A Grantee will not be considered to have incurred a Disability unless he or she furnishes proof of such impairment sufficient to satisfy the Administrator in its discretion. 
 
 (u) Dividend Equivalent Right means a right entitling the Grantee to compensation measured by dividends paid with respect to Common Stock. 
 
 (v) Effective Date means, for purposes of the Plan (as amended and restated), the date on which the Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders provided, however, that solely for purposes of the last sentence of Section 12, the Effective Date shall be the date on which the Plan (as amended and restated) is adopted by the Board, subject to approval of the Plan (as amended and restated) by the Company s stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Original Plan shall remain in effect on its existing terms unless and until the Plan (as amended and restated) is approved by the Company s stockholders. 
 
 (w) Employee means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is in the employ of the Company or any Related Entity, subject to the control and direction of the Company or any Related Entity as to both the work to be performed and the manner and method of performance. The payment of a Director s fee by the Company or a Related Entity shall not be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 
 (x) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (y) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows 
 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on one or more established stock exchanges or national market systems, including without limitation The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market or The NASDAQ Capital Market of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on the principal exchange 

or system on which the Common Stock is listed (as determined by the Administrator) on the date of determination (or, if no closing sales price or closing bid was reported on that date, as applicable, on the last trading date such closing sales price or closing bid was reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable 
 
 (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted on an automated quotation system (including the OTC Bulletin Board) or by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such system or by such securities dealer on the date of determination, but if selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the date of determination (or, if no such prices were reported on that date, on the last date such prices were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable or 
 
 (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock of the type described in (i) and (ii), above, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith. 
 
 (z) Grantee means an Employee, Director or Consultant who receives an Award under the Plan. 
 
 (aa) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 
 (aa) Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 
 (ab) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Entity within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (ac) Option means an option to purchase Shares pursuant to an Award Agreement granted under the Plan. 
 
 (ad) Parent means a parent corporation , whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code. 
 
 (ae) Performance-Based Compensation means compensation qualifying as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 
 (af) Plan means this Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (ag) Related Entity means any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 (ah) Replaced means that pursuant to a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction the Award is replaced with a comparable stock award or a cash incentive program of the Company, the successor entity (if applicable) or Parent of either of them which preserves the compensation element of such Award existing at the time of the transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same (or a more favorable) vesting schedule applicable to such Award. The determination of Award comparability shall be made by the Administrator and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 (ai) Restricted Stock means Shares issued under the Plan to the Grantee for such consideration, if any, and subject to such restrictions on transfer, rights of first refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture provisions, and other terms and conditions as established by the Administrator. 
 
 (aj) Restricted Stock Units means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon the passage of time or the attainment of performance criteria established by the Administrator and which may be 

settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of cash, Shares or other securities as established by the Administrator. 
 
 (ak) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor thereto. 
 
 (al) SAR means a stock appreciation right entitling the Grantee to Shares or cash compensation, as established by the Administrator, measured by appreciation in the value of Common Stock. 
 
 (am) Share means a share of the Common Stock. 
 
 (an) Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation , whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 
 3. Stock Subject to the Plan . 
 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 10, below, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards (including Incentive Stock Options) is equal to the sum of 4,179,510 Shares (the Share Limit ). The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards of Incentive Stock Options is 4,179,510 Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Shares covered by Awards other than Options and SARs shall be counted against the limit set forth herein as 2.09 Shares for every one (1) Share issued in connection with such Award (and shall be counted as 2.09 Shares for every one (1) Share returned or deemed not have been issued from the Plan pursuant to Section 3(b) below in connection with Awards other than Options and SARs). SARs payable in Shares shall reduce the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan only by the gross number of actual Shares issued to the Grantee upon exercise of the SAR. The Shares to be issued pursuant to Awards may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 
 
 (b) Any Shares covered by an Award (or portion of an Award) which is forfeited, canceled or expires (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) shall be deemed not to have been issued for purposes of determining the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan. Shares that actually have been issued under the Plan pursuant to an Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan, except that if unvested Shares are forfeited, or repurchased by the Company at the lower of their original purchase price or their Fair Market Value at the time of repurchase, such Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (i) Shares tendered or withheld in payment of an Option exercise price shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan (ii) Shares withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan (iii) all Shares covered by the portion of an SAR that is exercised (whether or not Shares are actually issued to the Grantee upon exercise of the SAR) shall be considered issued pursuant to the Plan and (iv) Shares purchased on the open market by the Company with the cash proceeds received from the exercise of Options shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan. 
 
 4. Administration of the Plan . 
 
 (a) Plan Administrator. 
 
 (i) Administration with Respect to Directors and Officers . With respect to grants of Awards to Directors or Employees who are also Officers or Directors of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee shall be constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws and to permit such grants and related transactions under the Plan to be exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act in accordance with Rule 16b 3. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. 

(ii) Administration with Respect to Consultants and Other Employees . With respect to grants of Awards to Employees or Consultants who are neither Directors nor Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee shall be constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. The Board may authorize one or more Officers to grant such Awards and may limit such authority as the Board determines from time to time. 
 
 (iii) Administration with Respect to Covered Employees . Notwithstanding the foregoing, grants of Awards to any Covered Employee intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall be made only by a Committee (or subcommittee of a Committee) which is comprised solely of two or more Directors eligible to serve on a committee making Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation. In the case of such Awards granted to Covered Employees, references to the Administrator or to a Committee shall be deemed to be references to such Committee or subcommittee. 
 
 (iv) Administration Errors . In the event an Award is granted in a manner inconsistent with the provisions of this subsection (a), such Award shall be presumptively valid as of its grant date to the extent permitted by the Applicable Laws. 
 
 (b) Powers of the Administrator . Subject to Applicable Laws and the provisions of the Plan (including any other powers given to the Administrator hereunder), and except as otherwise provided by the Board, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion 
 
 (i) to select the Employees, Directors and Consultants to whom Awards may be granted from time to time hereunder 
 
 (ii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder 
 
 (iii) to determine the number of Shares or the amount of other consideration to be covered by each Award granted hereunder 
 
 (iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan 
 
 (v) to determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted hereunder 
 
 (vi) to amend the terms of any outstanding Award granted under the Plan, provided that (A) any amendment that would adversely affect the Grantee s rights under an outstanding Award shall not be made without the Grantee s written consent provided, however, that an amendment or modification that may cause an Incentive Stock Option to become a Non-Qualified Stock Option shall not be treated as adversely affecting the rights of the Grantee, (B) the reduction of the exercise price of any Option awarded under the Plan and the base appreciation amount of any SAR awarded under the Plan shall be subject to stockholder approval and (C) canceling an Option or SAR at a time when its exercise price or base appreciation amount (as applicable) exceeds the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, in exchange for cash or for another Option, SAR, Restricted Stock or other Award shall be subject to stockholder approval, unless the cancellation and exchange occurs in connection with a Corporate Transaction or Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, canceling an Option or SAR in exchange for another Option, SAR, Restricted Stock or other Award with an exercise price, purchase price or base appreciation amount (as applicable) that is equal to or greater than the exercise price or base appreciation amount (as applicable) of the original Option or SAR shall not be subject to stockholder approval 
 
 (vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards, including without limitation, any notice of award or Award Agreement, granted pursuant to the Plan 
 
 (viii) to grant Awards to Employees, Directors and Consultants employed outside the United States on such terms and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Administrator, be necessary or desirable to further the purpose of the Plan and 

(ix) to take such other action, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator deems appropriate. 
 
 The express grant in the Plan of any specific power to the Administrator shall not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the Administrator, provided that the Administrator may not exercise any right or power reserved to the Board. Any decision made, or action taken, by the Administrator in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in the Plan. 
 
 (c) Indemnification. In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as members of the Board or as Officers or Employees of the Company or a Related Entity, members of the Board and any Officers or Employees of the Company or a Related Entity to whom authority to act for the Board, the Administrator or the Company is delegated shall be defended and indemnified by the Company to the extent permitted by law on an after-tax basis against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan, or any Award granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding that such person is liable for gross negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct provided, however, that within thirty (30) days after the institution of such claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, such person shall offer to the Company, in writing, the opportunity at the Company s expense to defend the same. 
 
 5. Eligibility . Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a Parent or a Subsidiary of the Company. An Employee, Director or Consultant who has been granted an Award may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional Awards. Awards may be granted to such Employees, Directors or Consultants who are residing in non-U.S. jurisdictions as the Administrator may determine from time to time. 
 
 6. Terms and Conditions of Awards . 
 
 (a) Types of Awards . The Administrator is authorized under the Plan to award any type of arrangement to an Employee, Director or Consultant that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan and that by its terms involves or might involve the issuance of (i) Shares, (ii) cash or (iii) an Option, a SAR, or similar right with a fixed or variable price related to the Fair Market Value of the Shares and with an exercise or conversion privilege related to the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance criteria or other conditions. Such Awards include, without limitation, Options, SARs, sales or bonuses of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Dividend Equivalent Rights, and an Award may consist of one such security or benefit, or two (2) or more of them in any combination or alternative provided, however, that a Dividend Equivalent Right may not be granted or payable with respect to an Option or SAR. 
 
 (b) Designation of Award . Each Award shall be designated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Option, the Option shall be designated as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, an Option will qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the Code only to the extent the 100,000 dollar limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code is not exceeded. The 100,000 limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code is calculated based on the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to Options designated as Incentive Stock Options which become exercisable for the first time by a Grantee during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company). For purposes of this calculation, Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the grant date of the relevant Option. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to Incentive Stock Options, then such 

different limit will be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted after the effective date of such amendment. 
 
 (c) Conditions of Award . 
 
 (i) Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator shall determine the provisions, terms and conditions of each Award including, but not limited to, the Award vesting schedule, repurchase provisions, rights of first refusal, forfeiture provisions, form of payment (cash, Shares or other consideration) upon settlement of the Award, payment contingencies, and satisfaction of any performance criteria. The performance criteria established by the Administrator may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following (i) change in share price (ii) operating earnings, operating profit margins, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, or amortization, net earnings, earnings per share (basic or diluted) or other measure of earnings 
 (iii) total stockholder return (iv) operating margin (v) gross margin (vi) balance sheet performance, including debt, long- or short-term, inventory, accounts payable or receivable, working capital, or shareholders equity (vii) return measures, including return on invested capital, sales, assets or equity (viii) days sales outstanding (ix) operating income (x) net operating income (xi) pre-tax profit (xii) cash flow, including cash flow from operations, investing, or financing activities, before or after dividends, investments or capital expenditures (xiii) revenue (xiv) expenses, including cost of goods sold, operating expenses, marketing and administrative expense, research and development, restructuring or other special or unusual items, interest, tax expense or other measures of savings (xv) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation (xvi) economic value created or added (xvii) market share (xviii) sales or net sales (xix) sales or net sales of particular products (xx) gross profits (xxi) net income (xxii) inventory turns (xxiii) revenue per employee and (xxiv) implementation or completion of critical projects involving acquisitions, divestitures, process improvements, product or production quality, attainment of other strategic objectives relating to market penetration, geographic expansion, product development, regulatory or quality performance, innovation or research goals. The performance criteria may be applicable to the Company, Related Entities and or any individual business units of the Company or any Related Entity. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in a payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement. In addition, the performance criteria shall be calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, but excluding the effect (whether positive or negative) of any change in accounting standards and any extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring item, as determined by the Administrator, occurring after the establishment of the performance criteria applicable to the Award intended to be performance-based compensation. Each such adjustment, if any, shall be made solely for the purpose of providing a consistent basis from period to period for the calculation of performance criteria in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the Grantee s rights with respect to an Award intended to be performance-based compensation. 
 
 (ii) The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide for inclusion or exclusion of the impact of an event or occurrence which the Administrator determines should appropriately be excluded, including (i) restructurings, discontinued operations, special items, and other unusual, infrequently occurring or non-recurring charges, events or items (ii) asset sales or write-downs (iii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements (iv) acquisitions or divestitures (v) reorganization or change in the corporate structure or capital structure of the Company (vi) an event either not directly related to the operations of the Company, Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit or not within the reasonable control of management (vii) foreign exchange gains and losses (viii) a change in the fiscal year of the Company (ix) the refinancing or repurchase of bank loans or debt securities (x) unbudgeted capital expenditures (xi) the issuance or repurchase of equity securities and other changes in the number of outstanding shares (xii) conversion of some or all of convertible securities to Common Stock (xiii) any business interruption event (xiv) changes in pricing (xv) changes in foreign currency exchange rates (xvi) the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (xvii) gains and losses that are treated as unusual in nature or that occur infrequently under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 225 or (xviii) the effect of changes in other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results. 
 
 (d) Acquisitions and Other Transactions . The Administrator may issue Awards under the Plan in settlement, assumption or substitution for, outstanding awards or obligations to grant future awards in connection with the Company or a Related Entity acquiring another entity, an interest in another entity or an 

additional interest in a Related Entity whether by merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or other form of transaction, and any Shares subject to such Awards will not count against the Share Limit. 
 
 (e) Deferral of Award Payment . To the extent consistent with Applicable Laws, the Administrator may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected Grantees the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon vesting, exercise of an Award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent the election would entitle the Grantee to payment or receipt of Shares or other consideration under an Award. The Administrator may establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings, if any, on amounts, Shares or other consideration so deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the Administrator deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program. 
 
 (f) Separate Programs . The Administrator may establish one or more separate programs under the Plan for the purpose of issuing particular forms of Awards to one or more classes of Grantees on such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator from time to time. 
 
 (g) Individual Limitations on Awards . 
 
 (i) Individual Limit for Options and SARs. The maximum number of Shares with respect to which Options and SARs may be granted to any Grantee in any calendar year shall be five hundred thousand (500,000) Shares. The foregoing limitation shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the Company s capitalization pursuant to Section 10, below. To the extent required by Section 162(m) of the Code or the regulations thereunder, in applying the foregoing limitation with respect to a Grantee, if any Option or SAR is canceled, the canceled Option or SAR shall continue to count against the maximum number of Shares with respect to which Options and SARs may be granted to the Grantee. For this purpose, the repricing of an Option (or in the case of a SAR, the base amount on which the stock appreciation is calculated is reduced to reflect a reduction in the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock) shall be treated as the cancellation of the existing Option or SAR and the grant of a new Option or SAR. 
 
 (ii) Individual Limit for Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. For awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units that are intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, the maximum number of Shares with respect to which such Awards may be granted to any Grantee in any calendar year shall be two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) Shares. The foregoing limitation shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the Company s capitalization pursuant to Section 10, below. 
 
 (iii) Director Award Limit. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the sum of any cash compensation and the grant date fair value (determined as of the date of the grant under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of all Awards granted under the Plan to a non-employee Director during any calendar year shall not exceed the amount equal to 750,000. 
 
 (h) Deferral . If the vesting or receipt of Shares under an Award is deferred to a later date, any amount (whether denominated in Shares or cash) paid in addition to the original number of Shares subject to such Award will not be treated as an increase in the number of Shares subject to the Award if the additional amount is based either on a reasonable rate of interest or on one or more predetermined actual investments such that the amount payable by the Company at the later date will be based on the actual rate of return of a specific investment (including any decrease as well as any increase in the value of an investment). 
 
 (i) Early Exercise . The Award Agreement may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Grantee may elect at any time while an Employee, Director or Consultant to exercise any part or all of the Award prior to full vesting of the Award. Any unvested Shares received pursuant to such exercise may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or a Related Entity or to any other restriction the Administrator determines to be appropriate. 

(j) Term of Award . The term of each Option and SAR shall be the term stated in the Award Agreement, provided, however, that the term of any Award shall be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. However, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Grantee who, at the time the Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10 of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant thereof or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the specified term of any Award shall not include any period for which the Grantee has elected to defer the receipt of the Shares or cash issuable pursuant to the Award. 
 
 (k) Transferability of Awards . Incentive Stock Options may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee. Other Awards shall be transferable (i) by will and by the laws of descent and distribution and (ii) during the lifetime of the Grantee, to the extent and in the manner authorized by the Administrator but only to the extent such transfers are made to family members, to family trusts, to family controlled entities, to charitable organizations, and pursuant to domestic relations orders or agreements, in all cases without payment for such transfers to the Grantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee may designate one or more beneficiaries of the Grantee s Award, in the event of the Grantee s death, on a beneficiary designation form provided by the Administrator. 
 
 (l) Time of Granting Awards . The date of grant of an Award shall for all purposes be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination to grant such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. 
 
 (m) Dividend and Dividend Equivalent Rights . Dividends and Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to an Award shall only be paid to the Grantee to the extent that the applicable vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the Award vests. 
 
 (n) Award Vesting Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, but subject to Section 11, Awards granted under the Plan on or after the Effective Date shall vest no earlier than the first anniversary of the date the Award is granted provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Awards that result in the issuance of an aggregate of up to 5 of the Shares available pursuant to Section 3.1(a) as of the Effective Date may be granted to any one or more Grantees without respect to such minimum vesting provisions. Nothing in this Section 6(n) shall preclude the Administrator from taking action, in its sole discretion, to accelerate the vesting of any Award in connection with or following a Grantee s death, disability, termination of Continuous Service or the consummation of a Change in Control. 

7. Award Exercise or Purchase Price, Consideration and Taxes . 
 
 (a) Exercise or Purchase Price . The exercise or purchase price, if any, for an Award shall be as follows 
 
 (i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option 
 
 (A) granted to an Employee who, at the time of the grant of such Incentive Stock Option owns stock representing more than ten percent (10 of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant or 
 
 (B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in the preceding paragraph, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 

(ii) In the case of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 
 
 (iii) In the case of Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, the exercise or purchase price, if any, shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 
 
 (iv) In the case of SARs, the base appreciation amount shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 
 
 (v) In the case of other Awards, such price as is determined by the Administrator. 
 
 (vi) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(a), in the case of an Award issued pursuant to Section 6(d), above, the exercise or purchase price for the Award shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the relevant instrument evidencing the agreement to issue such Award. 
 
 (b) Consideration . Subject to Applicable Laws, the consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise or purchase of an Award, including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator. In addition to any other types of consideration the Administrator may determine, the Administrator is authorized to accept as consideration for Shares issued under the Plan the following, provided that the portion of the consideration equal to the par value of the Shares must be paid in cash or other legal consideration permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 
 (i) cash 
 
 (ii) check 
 
 (iii) surrender of Shares or delivery of a properly executed form of attestation of ownership of Shares as the Administrator may require which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender or attestation equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award shall be exercised 
 
 (iv) with respect to Options, payment through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which the Grantee (A) shall provide written instructions to a Company-designated brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of some or all of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company sufficient funds to cover the aggregate exercise price payable for the purchased Shares and (B) shall provide written directives to the Company to deliver the certificates for the purchased Shares directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction 
 
 (v) with respect to Options, payment through a net exercise such that, without the payment of any funds, the Grantee may exercise the Option and receive the net number of Shares equal to (i) the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Fair Market Value per Share (on such date as is determined by the Administrator) less the Exercise Price per Share, and the denominator of which is such Fair Market Value per Share (the number of net Shares to be received shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares) or 
 
 (vi) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. 
 
 The Administrator may at any time or from time to time, by adoption of or by amendment to the standard forms of Award Agreement described in Section 4(b)(iv), or by other means, grant Awards which do not permit all of the foregoing forms of consideration to be used in payment for the Shares or which otherwise restrict one or more forms of consideration. 
 
 (c) Taxes . No Shares shall be delivered under the Plan to any Grantee or other person until such Grantee or other person has made arrangements acceptable to the Administrator for the satisfaction of any non- 

U.S., federal, state, or local income and employment tax withholding obligations, including, without limitation, obligations incident to the receipt of Shares. Upon exercise or vesting of an Award, the Company shall withhold or collect from the Grantee an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations, including, but not limited to, by surrender of the whole number of Shares covered by the Award sufficient to satisfy the minimum applicable tax withholding obligations incident to the exercise or vesting of an Award (reduced to the lowest whole number of Shares if such number of Shares withheld would result in withholding a fractional Share with any remaining tax withholding settled in cash). 
 
 8. Exercise of Award . 
 
 (a) Procedure for Exercise Rights as a Stockholder . 
 
 (i) Any Award granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator under the terms of the Plan and specified in the Award Agreement. 
 
 (ii) An Award shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Award by the person entitled to exercise the Award and full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Award is exercised has been made, including, to the extent selected, use of the broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure to pay the purchase price as provided in Section 7(b)(iv). 
 
 (b) Exercise of Award Following Termination of Continuous Service . 
 
 (i) An Award may not be exercised after the termination date of such Award set forth in the Award Agreement and may be exercised following the termination of a Grantee s Continuous Service only to the extent provided in the Award Agreement. 
 
 (ii) Where the Award Agreement permits a Grantee to exercise an Award following the termination of the Grantee s Continuous Service for a specified period, the Award shall terminate to the extent not exercised on the last day of the specified period or the last day of the original term of the Award, whichever occurs first. 
 
 (iii) Any Award designated as an Incentive Stock Option to the extent not exercised within the time permitted by law for the exercise of Incentive Stock Options following the termination of a Grantee s Continuous Service shall convert automatically to a Non-Qualified Stock Option and thereafter shall be exercisable as such to the extent exercisable by its terms for the period specified in the Award Agreement. 
 
 9. Conditions upon Issuance of Shares . 
 
 (a) If at any time the Administrator determines that the delivery of Shares pursuant to the exercise, vesting or any other provision of an Award is or may be unlawful under Applicable Laws, the vesting or right to exercise an Award or to otherwise receive Shares pursuant to the terms of an Award shall be suspended until the Administrator determines that such delivery is lawful and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. The Company shall have no obligation to effect any registration or qualification of the Shares under federal or state laws. 
 
 (b) As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any Applicable Laws. 
 
 10. Adjustments upon Changes in Capitalization . Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company and Section 11 hereof, the number of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of Shares which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or 

which have been returned to the Plan, the exercise or purchase price of each such outstanding Award, the maximum number of Shares with respect to which Awards may be granted as incentive stock options or to any Grantee in any calendar year, as well as any other terms that the Administrator determines require adjustment, shall be proportionately adjusted for (i) any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Shares, or similar transaction affecting the Shares, (ii) any other increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, or (iii) any other transaction with respect to Common Stock including a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation (including a spin-off or other distribution of stock or property), reorganization, liquidation (whether partial or complete) or any similar transaction provided, however, that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. In the event of any distribution of cash or other assets to stockholders other than a normal cash dividend, the Administrator shall also make such adjustments as provided in this Section 10 or substitute, exchange or grant Awards to effect such adjustments (collectively adjustments ). Any such adjustments to outstanding Awards will be effected in a manner that precludes the enlargement of rights and benefits under such Awards. In connection with the foregoing adjustments, the Administrator may, in its discretion, prohibit the exercise of Awards or other issuance of Shares, cash or other consideration pursuant to Awards during certain periods of time. Except as the Administrator determines, no issuance by the Company of shares of any class, or securities convertible into shares of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason hereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject to an Award. 
 
 11. Corporate Transactions and Changes in Control . 
 
 (a) With respect to Awards granted prior to the Effective Date 
 
 (i) Termination of Award to Extent Not Assumed in Corporate Transaction . Effective upon the consummation of a Corporate Transaction, all outstanding Awards under the Plan shall terminate. However, all such Awards shall not terminate to the extent they are Assumed in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (ii) Acceleration of Award upon Corporate Transaction or Change in Control . 
 
 (A) Corporate Transaction . Except as provided otherwise in an individual Award Agreement, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, for the portion of each Award that is neither Assumed nor Replaced, such portion of the Award shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable and be released from any repurchase or forfeiture rights (other than repurchase rights exercisable at Fair Market Value) for all of the Shares (or other consideration) at the time represented by such portion of the Award, immediately prior to the specified effective date of such Corporate Transaction, provided that the Grantee s Continuous Service has not terminated prior to such date. 
 
 (B) Change in Control . Except as provided otherwise in an individual Award Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control which also is a Corporate Transaction), each Award which is at the time outstanding under the Plan automatically shall become fully vested and exercisable and be released from any repurchase or forfeiture rights (other than repurchase rights exercisable at Fair Market Value), immediately prior to the specified effective date of such Change in Control, for all of the Shares (or other consideration) at the time represented by such Award, provided that the Grantee s Continuous Service has not terminated prior to such date. 
 
 (b) With respect to Awards granted on or after the Effective Date, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participant s outstanding Awards are not Assumed or Replaced by the surviving or successor entity in such Change in Control, in any case, as determined by the Administrator, then immediately prior to the Change in Control such outstanding Awards, to the extent not Assumed or Replaced, shall become fully vested and, as applicable, exercisable and shall be deemed exercised or canceled in exchange for payment of the transaction consideration (net of any applicable exercise or purchase price due) immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Awards shall lapse immediately prior to such 

transaction. If an Award vests and, as applicable, is exercised or canceled and paid out in lieu of being Assumed or Replaced in connection with a Change in Control, the Award shall terminate upon the Change in Control. 
 
 (c) Effect of Acceleration on Incentive Stock Options. Any Incentive Stock Option accelerated under this Section 11 in connection with a Corporate Transaction or Change in Control shall remain exercisable as an Incentive Stock Option under the Code only to the extent the 100,000 dollar limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code is not exceeded. 
 
 12. Effective Date and Term of Plan . The Plan (as amended and restated) shall become effective upon the Effective Date. The Plan (as amended and restated) shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years from the Effective Date. 
 
 13. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . 
 
 (a) The Board may at any time amend, suspend or terminate the Plan provided, however, that no such amendment shall be made without the approval of the Company s stockholders to the extent such approval is required by Applicable Laws, or if such amendment would lessen the stockholder approval requirements of Section 4(b)(vi) or this Section 13(a). 
 
 (b) No Award may be granted during any suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan. 
 
 (c) No suspension or termination of the Plan (including termination of the Plan under Section 11, above) shall adversely affect any rights under Awards already granted to a Grantee. 
 
 14. Reservation of Shares . 
 
 (a) The Company, during the term of the Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 
 
 (b) The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. 
 
 15. No Effect on Terms of Employment Consulting Relationship . The Plan shall not confer upon any Grantee any right with respect to the Grantee s Continuous Service, nor shall it interfere in any way with his or her right or the right of the Company or any Related Entity to terminate the Grantee s Continuous Service at any time, with or without Cause including, but not limited to, Cause, and with or without notice. The ability of the Company or any Related Entity to terminate the employment of a Grantee who is employed at will is in no way affected by its determination that the Grantee s Continuous Service has been terminated for Cause for the purposes of this Plan. 
 
 16. No Effect on Retirement and Other Benefit Plans . Except as specifically provided in a retirement or other benefit plan of the Company or a Related Entity, Awards shall not be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits or contributions under any retirement plan of the Company or a Related Entity, and shall not affect any benefits under any other benefit plan of any kind or any benefit plan subsequently instituted under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to level of compensation. The Plan is not a Pension Plan or Welfare Plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 
 17. Stockholder Approval . The Plan (as amended and restated) will be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders within twelve (12) months after the date of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan (as amended and restated). Awards may be granted or awarded under the Plan (as amended and restated) and subject to the terms and conditions of the Original Plan following the Board s adoption of the Plan (as amended and restated) unless and until the Plan (as amended and restated) receives stockholder approval. Awards granted from and after 

stockholder approval of the Plan (as amended and restated) will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (as amended and restated). If the Plan (as amended and restated) is not approved by stockholders within twelve (12) months after its adoption by the Board, then the Original Plan shall continue on its existing terms and conditions and the Plan (as amended and restated) shall be of no force or effect. 
 
 18. Unfunded Obligation . Grantees shall have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company. Any amounts payable to Grantees pursuant to the Plan shall be unfunded and unsecured obligations for all purposes, including, without limitation, Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Neither the Company nor any Related Entity shall be required to segregate any monies from its general funds, or to create any trusts, or establish any special accounts with respect to such obligations. The Company shall retain at all times beneficial ownership of any investments, including trust investments, which the Company may make to fulfill its payment obligations hereunder. Any investments or the creation or maintenance of any trust or any Grantee account shall not create or constitute a trust or fiduciary relationship between the Administrator, the Company or any Related Entity and a Grantee, or otherwise create any vested or beneficial interest in any Grantee or the Grantee s creditors in any assets of the Company or a Related Entity. The Grantees shall have no claim against the Company or any Related Entity for any changes in the value of any assets that may be invested or reinvested by the Company with respect to the Plan. 
 
 19. Construction . Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of the Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term or is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 
 20. Nonexclusivity of the Plan . Neither the adoption of the Plan (as amended and restated) by the Board, the submission of the Plan (as amended and restated) to the stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provision of the Plan will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of Awards otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 
 21. Governing Law . The Plan and any agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 5
 exhibit21subsidiariesofreg.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Name State or Country of Incorporation EXC Holding Corp. Delaware Excelsior Medical Corporation Delaware Tangent Medical Technologies, Inc. Delaware ICU Medical Sales, Inc. Delaware ICU Medical de Mexico, S. de R. L. de C.V. Mexico ICU Medical Bidco Ltd United Kingdom ICU World, Inc. Delaware Smiths Medical ASD, Inc. Delaware Izoard Sub. Inc. Delaware Medex Cardio-Pulmonary, Inc. Ohio Smiths Medical Canada Limited Canada ICU Medical Bahamas, Ltd Bahamas ICU Medical B.V. Netherlands ICU Medical Costa Rica, Ltd Bahamas ICU Medical SA Pty Ltd South Africa ICU Medical Australia Holdings Pty Limited Australia Medima s.p. z.o.o. Poland ICU Medical Latam LLC Delaware ICU Medical Canada Inc. Canada ICU Medical Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong ICU Medical Philippines, Inc. Philippines ICU Medical Europe S.r.l. Italy ICU Medical Germany GmbH Germany ICU Medical Aust MLA Pty Limited Australia ICU Medical Italia S.r.l. Italy ICU Medical France S.A.S. France ICU Medical Ireland Limited Ireland Medical Australia Pty Limited Australia ICU Medical Argentina S.R.L. Argentina Hospira Chile Limitada Chile ICU Medical Chile Limitada Chile ICU Medical Colombia Limitada Colombia ICU Medical HIS Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico ICU Medical Peru S.R.L. Peru ICU Medical India LLP India ICU UK Medical Limited United Kingdom ICU Medical Productos Farmac uticos y Hospitalarios, S.L. Spain ICU Medical Unlimited Company Ireland ICU Medical Australia Pty Limited Australia Medivet Pty Ltd Australia ICU Medical 2020 Limited United Kingdom ICU Medical Group Limited United Kingdom Smiths Group Deutschland Gmbh Germany Smiths Medical Deutschland GmbH Germany Smiths Medical Do Brasil Produts Hospitalares Ltda Brazil 

Graseby Medical Ireland Limited Ireland Smiths Medical (Portugal) Unipessoal Lda Portugal Smiths Medical Espana S.L.U Spain Smiths Medical Schweiz AG Switzerland Smiths Medical Czech Republic A.S. Czech Republic Smiths Medical (Shanghai) Co. Ltd China Smiths Medical France SAS France Smiths Medical Italia Srl Italy Smiths Medical Danmark Aps Denmark Smiths Medical Osterreich Gmbh Austria Smiths Medical Sverige AB Sweden Smiths Medical Nederland BV Netherlands Smiths Medical Belgium NV Belgium SI Overseas Holdings Limited United kingdom Smiths Healthcare Manufacturing SA de CV Mexico Smiths Medical Japan Ltd Japan Smiths Medical Australasia Pty Ltd Australia Smiths Medical International Limited United Kingdom Graesby Medical Limited United Kingdom Smiths Medical Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Smiths Graesby Medical Instrument (Zhejiang) Co Ltd China Medex Medical Limited United Kingdom Ashfield Medical Systems Limited United Kingdom Smiths Medical Singapore Pte Limited Singapore Smiths Medical India Private Limited India PneuPac Limited United Kingdom Smiths Medical (Beijing) Co Ltd China 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231consentofdeloitt.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-90464, 333-175239, 333-198256, and 333-219106 on Form S - 8 and 333 - 228390 on Form S - 3 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of ICU Medical, Inc. and the effectiveness of ICU Medical Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Costa Mesa, California February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311123122.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Vivek Jain, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ICU Medical, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Vivek Jain Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312123122.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian M. Bonnell, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ICU Medical, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Brian M. Bonnell Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit32123122.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of ICU Medical, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vivek Jain, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 27, 2023 s Vivek Jain Date Vivek Jain Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of ICU Medical, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian M. Bonnell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 27, 2023 s Brian M. Bonnell Date Brian M. Bonnell Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 icui-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 icui-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 icui-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 icui-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 icui-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

