<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1448038_0000950170-23-011406.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12916289</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241572</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1298373</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6501187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1889634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2674987</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011406.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331162806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011406
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Redwood Mortgage Investors IX
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001448038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55601
		FILM NUMBER:		23788170

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		177 BOVET ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-365-5341

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		177 BOVET ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011406.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 ck0001448038-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Year Ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to ___________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 , LLC, 
 a Delaware Limited Liability Company 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

none 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Units of Limited Liability Company Interests 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The registrant s units of limited liability company interests are t publicly traded and therefore have no market value. The registrant is conducting an ongoing offering of its units pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-231333), which are being sold at 1.00 per unit. The registrant had approximately million limited liability company interests outstanding as of February 28, 2023. 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 Index to Form 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 

Part I 
 
 2 

Item 1 Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A Risk Factors 
 
 10 

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 20 

Item 2 Properties 
 
 21 

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 

Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 

Part II 
 
 22 

Item 5 Market for the Registrant s Units, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 22 

Item 6 [Reserved.] 
 
 25 

Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 35 

Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 35 

Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 62 

Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 
 62 

Item 9B Other Information 
 
 62 

Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 62 

Part III 
 
 62 

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 63 

Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 
 64 

Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 64 

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 65 

Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 65 

Part IV 
 
 66 

Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 66 

Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 - 

67 

Signature 
 
 68 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Report on Form 10-K which are not historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), including statements regarding the company s expectations, hopes, intentions, beliefs and strategies regarding the future. Forward-looking statements, which are based on various assumptions (some of which are beyond our control), may be identified by reference to a future period or periods or by use of forward-looking terminology, such as may, will, believe, expect, anticipate, continue, possible or similar terms or variations on those terms or the negative of those terms. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding trends in the California real estate market; future interest rates and economic conditions and their effect on the company and its assets; estimates as to the allowance for loan losses; forecasts of future sales and redemptions of units, forecasts of future funding of loans; loan payoffs and the possibility of future loan sales (and the gain thereon, net of expenses) to third parties, if any; forecasts of future financial support by the manager including the eventual elimination of financial support; future fluctuations in the net distribution rate; and beliefs relating to how the company will be affected by current economic conditions and trends in the financial and credit markets. Actual results may be materially different from what is projected by such forward-looking statements therefore, you should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements, which reflect our view only as of the date hereof. 
 Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 changes in economic conditions, interest rates, or changes in California real estate markets; 

the impact of competition and competitive pricing for mortgage loans; 

the manager s ability to make and arrange for loans that fit our investment criteria; 

whether we will have any future loan sales to unaffiliated third parties, and if we do, the gain, net of expenses, and the volume and timing of loan sales to unaffiliated third parties, which to date have provided only immaterial gains to us; 

the concentration of credit risks to which we are exposed; 

increases in payment delinquencies and defaults on our mortgage loans; 

the timing and dollar amount of the decreasing financial support from the manager and the corresponding impact on the net distribution rate to members; 

changes in government regulation and legislative actions affecting our business; and 

the impact of global unrest and economic instability which has an adverse effect on US markets and economic conditions, including inflationary pressures on interest rates. 

All forward-looking statements and reasons why results may differ included in this Form 10-K are made as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement or reason why actual results may differ unless required by law. 
 
 Part I 
 Item 1 Business 
 Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC we , RMI IX or the company is a Delaware limited liability company formed in October 2008 to engage in business as a mortgage lender and investor by making and holding-for-investment mortgage loans secured by California real estate, primarily through first and second deeds of trust. 
 The company is externally managed by Redwood Mortgage Corp RMC or the manager ). The manager is solely responsible for managing the business and affairs of the company, subject to the voting rights of the members on specified matters. The manager acting alone has the power and authority to act for and bind the company. RMC is entitled to receive (i) a monthly asset management fee for managing RMI IX's assets, liabilities, and operations in an amount up to three-quarters of one percent (0.75 annually of the portion of the capital originally committed to investment in mortgages, not including leverage and including up to two percent (2 of working capital reserves, (ii) reimbursements of qualifying costs as specified in the Operating Agreement , and (iii) one percent (1 of the profits and losses of the company. The mortgage loans the company funds and/or invests in are arranged and generally are serviced by RMC. 
 The rights, duties and powers of the members and manager of the company are governed by the Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of RMI IX (the Operating Agreement ), as amended by the Second Amendment to the Operating Agreement, the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and the California Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company Act. 
 2 

Members representing a majority of the outstanding units may, without the concurrence of the managers, vote to: (i) dissolve the company, (ii) amend the Operating Agreement, subject to certain limitations, (iii) approve or disapprove the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the company or (iv) remove or replace one or all of the managers. Where there is only one manager, a majority in interest of the members is required to elect a new manager to continue the company business after a manager ceases to be a manager due to its withdrawal. 
 The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Operating Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Operating Agreement. Members should refer to the Operating Agreement for complete disclosure of its provisions. 
 The company s primary investment objectives are to: 
 yield a favorable rate of return from the company s business of making and/or investing in loans; 

preserve and protect the company s capital by making and/or investing in loans secured by California real estate, preferably income-producing properties geographically situated in the San Francisco Bay Area and the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California; and, 

generate and distribute cash flow from these mortgage lending and investing activities. 

The ongoing sources of funds for loans are the proceeds (net of redemption of members capital and operating expenses) from: 
 loan payoffs; 

borrowers monthly principal and interest payments; 

line of credit advances; 

loan sales to unaffiliated third parties; 

payments from RMC on the outstanding balance of the formation loan; and 

sale of units to members participating in the dividend reinvestment plan. 

The company intends to hold until maturity the loans in which it invests and does not presently intend to invest in mortgage loans primarily for the purpose of reselling such loans in the ordinary course of business; however, the company may sell mortgage loans (or fractional interests therein) when the manager determines that it appears to be advantageous for the company to do so, based upon then current interest rates, the length of time that the loan has been held by the company, the company s credit risk and concentration risk and the overall investment objectives of the company. Loans sold to third parties may be sold for par, at a premium or, in the case of non-performing or under performing loans, at a discount. Company loans may be sold to third parties or to the manager or its related mortgage funds; however, any loan sold to the manager or a related mortgage fund will be sold for a purchase price equal to the greater of (i) the par value of the loan or (ii) the fair market value of the loan. The manager will not receive commissions or broker fees with respect to loan sales conducted for the company; however, selling loans will increase members capital available for investing in new loans for which the manager will earn brokerage fees and other forms of compensation. 
 Net income or loss is allocated among the members according to their respective capital accounts after one percent (1 of the net income or loss is allocated to the manager. The monthly results are subject to subsequent adjustment as a result of quarterly and year-end accounting and reporting. The company s net income, cash available for distribution, and net-distribution rate fluctuates depending on: 
 loan origination volume and the balance of capital available to lend; 

the current and future interest rates negotiated with borrowers; 

line of credit advances, repayments and the interest rate thereon; 

loan sales to unaffiliated third parties, and any gains received thereon; 

the amount of fees and cost reimbursements to RMC; 

the timing and amount of other operating expenses, including expenses for professional services; 

the timing and amount of payments from RMC on the formation loan; and 

fee and/or cost reimbursements waived, if any, from RMC. 

Federal and state income taxes are the obligation of the members, other than the annual California franchise tax and the California LLC gross receipts tax. The tax basis in the net assets of the company differs from the book basis by the amount of the allowance for loan losses. 
 3 

Distribution policy/Distribution reinvestment plan DRIP 
 Cash available for distribution at the end of each calendar month is allocated ninety-nine percent (99 to the members and one percent (1 to the manager. Cash available for distribution means cash flow from operations (excluding repayments for loan principal and other capital transaction proceeds) less amounts set aside for creation or restoration of reserves. The manager may withhold from cash otherwise distributable to the members with respect to any period the respective amounts of organization and offering O O expenses allocated to the members accounts for the applicable period pursuant to the company s reimbursement to RMC and allocation to members accounts of O O expenses. The amount otherwise distributable, less the respective amounts of O O expenses allocated to members, is the net distribution. Pursuant to the terms of the Operating Agreement, cash available for distribution to the members is allocated among the members in proportion to their percentage interests (except with respect to differences in the amounts of O O expenses allocated to the respective members during the applicable period) and in proportion to the number of days during the applicable month that they owned such percentage interests. 
 See Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a detailed discussion on the allocation of O O expenses to members accounts. 
 Cash available for distributions allocable to members who have elected to receive distributions is disbursed at the end of each calendar month. The manager s allocable share of cash available for distribution is also distributed not more frequently than cash distributions to members. 
 To determine the amount of cash to be distributed in any month, the company relies in part on its forecast of full-year net income, which takes into account the difference between the forecasted net income for the remainder of the year and actual results in the year to date and the requirement to maintain a cash reserve. 
 The distribution reinvestment plan DRIP provision of the Operating Agreement permits members to elect to have all or a portion of their monthly distributions reinvested in the purchase of additional units. Cash available for distributions allocable to members who have elected to participate in the DRIP is distributed and reinvested in units at each month end. 
 In May 2019, the company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC (SEC File No. 333-231333) that went effective May 9, 2019, to offer up to 15 million units 15 million) to members of record as of April 30, 2019 who had previously elected to participate in the DRIP or who later provide written notice to the manager electing to participate in the DRIP, in those states in which approval has been obtained. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate gross proceeds from sales of units to members under the company's DRIP pursuant to the May 2019 Form S-3 Registration Statement is approximately 8.1 million. 
 Liquidity and unit redemption program 
 There are substantial restrictions on transferability of units of interest of the company units or company interests ), and there is no established public trading and/or secondary market for the units and none is expected to develop. In order to provide liquidity to members, the Operating Agreement includes a unit redemption program, whereby a member may redeem all or part of their units, subject to certain limitations. 
 The price paid for redeemed units is based on the lesser of the purchase price paid by the redeeming member or the member s capital account balance as of the date of each redemption payment. Redemption value for other than DRIP units - is calculated based on the period from date of purchase as follows: after one year 92 of the purchase price or of the capital balance, whichever is less; after two years 94 ; after three years 96 ; after four years 98 ; and after five years 100 . 
 The company redeems units quarterly, subject to certain limitations provided for in the Operating Agreement. The maximum number of units which may be redeemed per quarter per individual member shall not exceed the greater of (i) 100 thousand units, or (ii) 25 of the member s total outstanding units. For redemption requests requiring more than one quarter to fully redeem, the percentage discount amount if any, that applies when the redemption payments begin continues to apply throughout the redemption period and applies to all units covered by such redemption request regardless of when the final redemption payment is made. 
 The company has not established a cash reserve from which to fund redemptions. The company s capacity to redeem units upon request is limited by the availability of cash and the company s cash flow. The manager also has the right, in its sole discretion, at any time, to reject any request for redemption, or to suspend or terminate the acceptance of new redemption requests without prior notice, or to terminate, suspend or amend the unit redemption program upon 30-day notice. 
 Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, the company will not, in any calendar year, redeem more than five percent (5 (or in any calendar quarter 1.25 of the weighted average number of units outstanding during the twelve-month period immediately prior to the date of the redemption; however, the manager may, but is not required to, waive this limitation if it deems it in the best interest of the company. In the event unit withdrawal requests exceed 5 in any calendar year (or 1.25 in any calendar quarter), and are held by the company, units will be redeemed in the order of priority provided in the Operating Agreement. The manager may, in its sole discretion, also waive any other holding periods or penalties applicable to redemptions in the event of the death of a member or other exigent circumstances or if the manager believes such wavier is in the best interests of the company. 
 4 

In 2022, the units redeemed were approximately 8.1 million, which exceeded the annual redemption limitation of approximately 3.8 million. In 2021, the units redeemed were approximately 4.8 million, which exceeded the annual redemption limitation of approximately 4.0 million. 
 Effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. The manager has no present intention to exercise its discretionary power to waive or modify the enforcement of the annual redemptions limitation in the foreseeable future. 
 Total redemption requests scheduled for March 31, 2023, approximate 1.9 million, which amount exceeds the quarterly limitation of 936 thousand. Accordingly, the redemption requests will be honored in the following order of priority: 
 first, to redemptions upon the death of a member, which total 85 thousand; and 

next, to other redemption requests until all other requests for redemption have been met. 

All redemption requests (other than redemptions upon the death of a member) shall be honored on a pro rata basis, based on the amount of redemption requests received in and/or carried over from the preceding quarter. The redemptions, net of the redemptions upon the death of a member, to be paid on March 31, 2023, will be approximately 851 thousand or forty-five percent (45 of redemption requests scheduled. Redemption requests scheduled but not paid at March 31, 2023, are carried forward to subsequent quarters until paid. 
 See the table in Unit redemption program under Item 5 - Market for the Registrant s Units, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in Part II of this annual report for a detailed table showing the amount of units redeemed, which table is incorporated by this reference into this Item 1. 
 Lending and investment guidelines and criteria 
 Our loans generally have shorter maturities than typical mortgages. In the event that a loan is performing, and collection is deemed probable at maturity, we may elect to extend the loan s maturity. In the event a loan is not performing and the borrower is unable to repay in full the principal on the loan by the maturity date, we may elect to modify the loan payment terms and designate the loan as impaired or may foreclose on the loan. 
 Generally, interest rates on our mortgage loans are higher than conventional mortgage loans and have not been affected directly by market movements in interest rates. If, as expected, we continue to make and invest in fixed rate loans primarily, and interest rates rise, a possible result would be lower prepayments of the company s loans. This increase in the duration of time loans are on the books may reduce overall liquidity, which itself may reduce our investment into new loans at higher interest rates. Conversely, if interest rates decline, we could see a significant increase in borrower prepayments. If we then invest in new loans at lower rates of interest, a lower yield to members may possibly result. 
 Loans are arranged and generally are serviced by RMC. We generally fund loans at fixed interest rates that provide for: 
 monthly payments of either (i) interest only with a balloon payment at maturity or (ii) principal and interest based on a 30-year amortization schedule with a balloon payment at maturity; and 

having maturities of 5 years or less. 

The cash flow and the income generated by the real property securing the loan factor into the credit decisions, as does the general creditworthiness, experience and reputation of the borrower. However, for loans secured by real property, other than owner-occupied personal residences, such considerations are subordinate to a determination that the value of the real property is sufficient, in and of itself, as a source of repayment. The amount of the loan combined with the outstanding debt and claims secured by a senior deed of trust on the real property generally will not exceed a specified percentage of the appraised value of the property (the loan-to-value ratio , or LTV) as determined by an independent written appraisal at the time the loan is made. The LTV generally will not exceed 80 for residential properties (including multi-family), 75 for commercial properties, and 50 for land. The excess of the value of the collateral securing the loan over the company s secured loan and any senior debt and/or claims on the property is the protective equity. 
 We believe our LTV policy gives us more potential protective equity than competing lenders who fund loans with a higher LTV. However, we may be viewed as an asset lender based on our emphasis on LTV in our underwriting process. Being an asset lender may increase the likelihood of payment defaults by borrowers. Accordingly, the company may have a higher level of payment delinquency and loans designated as impaired for financial reporting purposes than that of lenders, such as banks and other financial institutions subject to federal and state banking regulations, which are typically viewed as credit lenders. 
 See Results of Operations, Secured Loans included in Part II, Item 7 and Note 4 (Loans) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a detailed presentation on the secured loan portfolio. 
 5 

Competition 
 The San Francisco Bay Area, including the South Bay/Silicon Valley, and the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California are our most significant locations of lending activity. The economic vitality of these regions as well as the stability of the national economy and the financial markets is of primary importance in determining the availability of new lending opportunities and the performance of previously made loans. 
 The mortgage-lending business is highly competitive, and we compete with numerous established entities, some of which have more financial resources and experience in the mortgage lending business than our manager. We encounter significant competition from banks, insurance companies, savings and loan associations, mortgage bankers, real estate investment trusts REITs and other lenders with objectives similar in whole or in part to ours. 
 Intellectual Property, Royalty Agreements and Labor Contracts 
 Neither the company or the manager owns any patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises, or concessions. Neither the company or the manager has entered into any royalty agreements or labor contracts. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 The manager provides the personnel and services necessary to conduct business as the company has no employees of its own. 
 Our manager endeavors to maintain a workplace that is free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. As required by law, our manager regularly conducts training to prevent harassment and discrimination. Our manager bases its criteria for recruitment, hiring, development, training, compensation and advancement of employees on the qualifications, performance, skills and experience and all employees are compensated without regard to gender, race and ethnicity. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the manager provided its employees work-from-home flexibility to enable them to meet their personal and family needs. 
 Regulations 
 We are engaged in business as a mortgage lender and investor by making and holding-for-investment loans secured by California real estate, primarily through first and second deeds of trust. We and RMC, which arranges and generally services our loans, are heavily regulated by laws governing lending practices at the federal, state and local levels. In addition, proposals for further regulation of the financial services industry continually are being introduced. The laws and regulations to which we and RMC are subject include rules and restrictions pertaining to: 
 the conduct of a mortgage lending business by a licensed California real estate broker or lender under state and federal law; 

real estate settlement procedures; 

fair lending; 

truth in lending; 

federal and state loan disclosure requirements; 

the establishment of maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges; 

loan-servicing and debt collection procedures and requirements; 

secured transactions and foreclosure proceedings; 

privacy regulations providing for the use and safeguarding of non-public personal financial information of borrowers; and 

with respect to the company and the offering of member units, required filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to federal securities laws, including periodic reports such as Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and with the States securities agencies. 

Key federal and state laws, regulations, and rules relating to the conduct of our business include the following: 
 California Real Estate Law 
 The California Real Estate Law, codified in California Business and Professions Code Sections 10000 et seq ., together with the Real Estate Commissioner s rules thereunder, govern the licensing, administration and activities of licensed real estate brokers (including certain mortgage loan brokers) in the State of California, including rules relating to, among other things, licensing, borrower and investor disclosures, compensation and fees, disciplinary action, and transactions involving trust deeds and real property sale contracts generally. We are not a licensed real estate broker but our manager, RMC, is so licensed and will be subject to those laws and regulations. 
 6 

RMC s loan files and other books and records are subject to examination by the California Department of Real Estate. Such examinations, as well as new regulations that may be issued in the future, could ultimately increase RMC s and our administrative burdens and costs. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 This federal law passed in 2010 imposes significant regulatory restrictions on the origination of residential mortgage loans, under sections concerning Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending. For example, when a consumer loan secured by a dwelling is made, the lender is generally required to make a reasonable and good faith determination, based on verified and documented information concerning the consumer s financial situation, as to whether the consumer has a reasonable ability to repay the mortgage loan before extending the loan. The act established regulations prohibiting a creditor from extending credit to a consumer secured by a high-cost mortgage without first receiving certification from an independent counselor approved by a government agency. The act also added new provisions prohibiting balloon payments for defined high-cost mortgages. The act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), giving it regulatory authority over most federal consumer-lending laws, including those relating to residential mortgage lending, and oversight over companies that provide consumer financial products or services, including us. Many of the federal regulations governing mortgage lending have been significantly amended and expanded through the passage of the Dodd Frank Act. 
 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA 
 RESPA is a federal law passed in 1974 with the purpose of establishing settlement procedures for consumer real estate purchase and refinance transactions on residential (1-4 unit) properties. It establishes rules relating to affiliated business relationships, escrow accounts for property taxes and hazard insurance and loan servicing, among other things. It prohibits unearned referral fees from being charged in a covered transaction. RESPA and TILA (discussed below) also govern the format of the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure forms, or TRID provided to consumers in residential real estate mortgage transactions. 
 
 Truth in Lending Act TILA 
 TILA is a federal law passed in 1968 for the purpose of regulating consumer financing. For real estate lenders, TILA requires, among other things, advance disclosure of certain loan terms, calculation of the costs of the loan as demonstrated through an annual percentage rate, and the right of a consumer in a refinance transaction on their primary residence to rescind their loan within three days following signing of the loan document. TILA and RESPA (discussed above) also govern the format of the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure forms, or TRID provided to consumers in residential real estate mortgage transactions. 
 
 Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act HOEPA and California Covered Loan Law 
 HOEPA is a federal law passed in 1994 to provide additional disclosures for certain closed-end home mortgages. These high-cost closed-end home mortgages are loans with interest rates and fees in excess of certain percentage or amount thresholds. These regulations primarily focus on additional disclosure with respect to the terms of the loan to the borrower, the timing of such disclosures, and the prohibition of certain loan terms, including balloon payments and negative amortization. Failure to comply with the regulations will render the loan rescindable for up to three years. Lenders can be held liable for attorneys fees, finance charges and fees paid by the borrower and certain other money damages. Similarly, in California, Financial Code Section 4970, et. seq., became effective in 2002. It provides for state regulation of high-cost consumer residential mortgage loans (also called covered loans secured by liens on real property. Section 4970 defines covered loans as consumer loans on primary residences in which the original principal balance of the loan does not exceed the most current conforming loan limit for a single-family first mortgage loan established by the Federal National Mortgage Association, with interest rates and/or fees exceeding one of the statutorily defined percentage or amount thresholds. The law prohibits certain lending practices with respect to high-cost loans, including the making of a loan without regard to the borrower s income or obligations. When making such loans, lenders must provide borrowers with a consumer disclosure and provide for an additional rescission period prior to closing the loan. 
 
 Mortgage Disclosure Improvement Act 
 This federal law enacted in 2008, regulates the timing and delivery of loan disclosures for all mortgage loan transactions governed under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. 
 
 Red Flags Rule 
 This federal rule was issued in 2007 under Section 114 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 and amended by the Red Flag Program Clarification Act of 2010. It requires lenders and creditors to implement an identity theft prevention program to identify and respond to account activity in which the misuse of a consumer s personal identification may be suspected. 
 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (aka Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999) 
 This federal act passed in 1999 requires all businesses that have access to consumers personal identification information to implement a plan providing for security measures to protect that information. As part of this program, we provide applicants and borrowers with a copy of our privacy policy. 
 7 

The California Homeowner Bill of Rights HOBR 
 This series of state laws, which initially became effective January 1, 2013, with many sections renewed and modified as of January 1, 2019, is intended to ensure fair lending and borrowing practices for California homeowners by guaranteeing basic fairness and transparency during the foreclosure process. Key provisions include restrictions on dual-track foreclosures, a guaranteed single point of contact, civil penalties for lenders filing unverified documents, and protections for tenants of foreclosed properties. HOBR also provides borrowers with the authority to seek redress of material violations of its rules, such as by an injunction (prior to foreclosure sale) or recovery of damages (after foreclosure sale). In 2020, HOBR protections were extended to residential one to four unit properties occupied by tenants as their principal residence. 
 
 California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA and California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA 
 Enacted in 2018 and effective January 1, 2020, the CCPA provides California consumers with broad rights regarding the use and sale of personal information collected by businesses covered by the CCPA. Enacted in 2020 and effective on January 1, 2023, the CPRA expands the scope and applicability of the CCPA while introducing new privacy protections that extend beyond those included in the CCPA and its implementing regulations. The CPRA also established a new enforcement body, the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA )and required the CPPA to adopt final CPRA regulations prior to its effective date. CPRA regulations are currently not effective; however, proposed regulations have been approved for review by the California Office of Administrative Law and are currently expected to take effect in April of 2023. 
 
 The CPRA generally applies to businesses that both collect personal information from California consumers and (i) have 25 million or more in annual gross revenues; (ii) derive more than 50 of their annual revenue from selling consumers personal information; or (iii) annually buys, sells or shares the personal information of more than 100 thousand consumers or households. Covered businesses are required to disclose the categories of personal information collected about consumers and to adopt privacy policies and procedures that, among other things, specifically allow consumers to request the deletion of their information and to exclude their information from sale. 
 
 Neither the company nor RMC has or will sell information collected from consumers in connection with their lending businesses. RMC does, however, collect personal information from potential borrowers, investors and other parties that constitutes personal information governed by the CCPA and the CPRA. RMC and its loan programs currently do not have 25 million in gross revenues and are not directly subject to the CCPA. However, RMC, the company and RMC s other loan programs may, in the aggregate, exceed this 25 million threshold and RMC voluntarily incorporates many of the CPRA requirements into its current privacy policies. 
 
 COVID-19 Foreclosure Eviction Moratoriums 
 In response to the economic hardships caused by the COVID-19 epidemic the federal government, California and some other states as well as localities imposed foreclosure and eviction moratoriums temporarily restricting the ability of lenders and property owners to initiate or continue foreclosure and eviction proceedings against individuals adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The terms during which such moratoriums were made effective varied and while some, including California's eviction and foreclosure moratoriums, have since expired, some local moratoriums have been extended by the applicable enacting governmental bodies and remain effective. While effective, foreclosure moratoriums may restrict our ability to foreclose on certain types of properties securing defaulted loans and increase the overall timeline to resolve these non-performing loans. Eviction moratoriums may also adversely affect the ability of our borrowers to collect rent from their properties which, in turn, may affect their ability to make payments on our loans. 
 Key federal and state laws, regulations, and rules relating to the offering of our units include the following. 
 
 Federal Securities Laws: The Securities Act of 1933 and The Exchange Act of 1934 
 Because our offering of units has been registered under the Securities Act and we have registered the units pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, we are a public reporting company. As a public reporting company, we are required to file annual, quarterly and other periodic reports with the SEC and comply with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. However, as discussed in Item 9A of this report, the company is externally managed by RMC and many of the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley are not directly applicable to us since we do not have a board of directors, including an independent board member. The registration of our units pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, along with the satisfaction of certain other requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), enables the units to qualify as publicly-offered securities for purposes of ERISA and regulations issued thereunder. See Section 9A of this report. 
 
 8 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 RMC, as our manager, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting with respect to us as required by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley and rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. RMC is required to review and evaluate on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly basis, to evaluate changes in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Regulatory Notice 15-02 
 In 2015 the SEC approved amendments to rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA applicable to securities of direct participation programs, such as our units and to non-listed real estate investment trusts. The amendments, which became effective on April 11, 2016, provide, among other things, that (i) FINRA members distributing our units must include in customer account statements our per unit estimated value that must be developed using a methodology reasonably designed to ensure our per unit estimated value s reliability; and (ii) our per unit estimated value disclosed from and after 150 days following the second anniversary of the admission of investors in our public offering must be based on an appraised valuation methodology developed by, or with the material assistance of, a third-party expert and updated on at least an annual basis. The rule changes also provide that the account statements must include additional disclosure regarding the sources of our distributions to unit holders. 
 
 Blue Sky Laws 
 We are subject to the state securities laws blue sky laws of the states in which we offer and sell our units. Under some state s blue sky laws, we have to maintain the registration of our offering of units in the state through annual filings and payment of annual fees. 
 Neither RMC nor the company is aware of any federal or state laws, regulations, or rules that are likely to be enacted that would be materially adverse to the business of RMC or the company. 
 Term of the company 
 On March 11, 2022, following the receipt of the approval of over 53 of the total member units then outstanding, RMC's board of directors adopted the Second Amendment to Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Operating Agreement for RMI IX, effectively extending the term of RMI IX through December 31, 2038. The term of the company will therefore terminate on December 31, 2038 unless: (i) the term is further extended by RMC with the affirmative consent of a majority interest of the members; or (ii) the company is earlier terminated pursuant to the Operating Agreement or by operation of law. 
 Delivery of Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 The company will send an annual report on form 10-K to all unit holders and the report will include audited financial statements. 
 Additional Information 
 The company does not maintain an Internet site. Additional information regarding the company s and RMC s business operations are available free of charge on RMC s website at www.redwoodmortgageinvestors.com . 
 The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports and other information regarding our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K (and amendments to these reports). These filings are available free of charge on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . The above references to the SEC s website does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on that website and should not be considered part of this document. 

9 

Item 1A Ri sk Factors 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered, in addition to the other information presented elsewhere in this report, in evaluating us and our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business operations. If any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 Changes in interest rates have and could further adversely impact our financial condition and results of operation and may affect your return on your investment. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control such as the current geopolitical instability in Europe. Rising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. Also, rising interest rates reduce the value of our existing loans that do not have adjustable rates. We expect that the majority of our loans will not include prepayment penalties for a borrower paying off a loan prior to maturity. The absence of a prepayment penalty may lead borrowers to refinance higher-interest rate loans in a market of falling interest rates. This would then require us to reinvest the prepayment proceeds in loans or alternative short-term investments with lower interest rates and a corresponding lower yield to members. Conversely, higher interest rates may provide a disincentive for borrowers to refinance existing loans with lower interest rates thereby limiting cash available to us to invest in higher yielding loans, pay expenses and redeem member units. 
 Residential mortgage lending is subject to substantial volatility due to increases in interest rates, a significant lack of housing inventory in our principal markets and other market forces beyond our control. Increases in interest rates have and may further materially and adversely impact our future loan origination volume. Decreases in the value of collateral securing our outstanding loans may increase rates of borrower default which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 
 Our loans typically have fixed rates and the majority of our loans are for terms of one to five years. Consequently, as interest rates increase, there is a risk that such interest rates will exceed the average interest rate earned by our loan portfolio. As a result of the rapid increase in interest rates and a reluctance of our borrowers to prepay or refinance our loans, we are experiencing a decrease in our liquidity which has required the company to enforce the restrictions and limitation on unit redemptions commencing March 31, 2023. This means you will be unable to quickly redeem your units, in order to take advantage of higher returns available from other investments. In addition, an increase in interest rates accompanied by a tight supply of mortgage funds may make refinancing by borrowers with balloon payments difficult or impossible and in such event, the property may be foreclosed upon. 
 RMC's lending decisions are based on the real estate securing the loans. Significant decline in the fair value of the collateral may impact the performance of the loans and their ultimate collectability. 
 For loans secured by real property other than owner-occupied personal residences, our lending decisions are based primarily on a determination that the value of the real property is sufficient, in and of itself, as a source of repayment. Other considerations such as the cash flow and the income generated by the real property that is to secure the loan and the general creditworthiness, experience and reputation of the borrower are secondary considerations. This may result in a higher incidence of loan payment delinquencies than would be experienced by conventional lenders. 
 Declines in real estate values may reduce the protective equity (the excess of the value of the collateral securing the loan over our secured loan and any senior debt and/or claims on the property) provided by the collateral securing our outstanding loans and were we to foreclose on loans with respect to properties that have declined in value, we may ultimately recover less than the amount of such loans. 
 A weak economy or real estate market could adversely affect us and your rate of return. 
 The ability to find suitable loans is more difficult when the economy is weaker and there is less activity in the real estate market. We may be unable to find a sufficient number of suitable loans, which could leave us with uninvested capital. In such event, we will make short-term, interim investments in government obligations, certificates of deposit, money market or other liquid-asset accounts, with the unallocated funds pending investment in suitable loans. Interest returns on these investments are usually lower than on mortgage loans, which would reduce our profits and return to members. 
 10 

Downturns in the economy and real estate market in the San Francisco Bay Area and the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California, or on a regional or national scale, or changing conditions affecting the mortgage lending business could adversely affect our business. 
 RMC expects that most of our loans will continue to be secured by properties located in nine counties that comprise the San Francisco Bay Area (San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, Solano and Sonoma) and the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California (Los Angeles, Orange, Ventura, and San Diego counties). Our concentration of loans in the San Francisco Bay Area and the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California exposes us to greater risk of loss if the economy in the San Francisco Bay Area or the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California weakens than would be the case if our loans were spread throughout California or the U.S. Should a significant economic deterioration occur in the San Francisco Bay Area or the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California, or regionally or nationally, we could experience increases in loan delinquencies, reduced cash income and possibly loan losses. 
 Inflation could negatively impact our business and profitability. Prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our otherwise fixed costs and expenses. 
 Our borrowers may be negatively impacted by a pandemic, which may result in adverse impacts to our financial condition and results of operation. 
 In the event of future public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events, the communities where we do business may be put under varying degrees of restrictions on social gatherings and business operations. These restrictions, combined with related changes in consumer behavior and significant increases in unemployment, may result in extreme financial hardship for certain borrowers. Some of our borrowers may be unable to meet their debt obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, and we may experience a heightened number of requests from borrowers for forbearances on loans. 
 If pandemic related Federal, state and local moratoriums on evictions for non-payment of rent are enacted, they may negatively impact the ability of some borrowers to make payments on loans made for multifamily housing. In addition, such action may ultimately cause a meaningful number of loans in our portfolio to need forbearance or significant modification and migrate to an adverse risk rating because of impacts of an economic recession. In light of these, and other credit issues, we cannot be sure that our allowance for credit losses will be adequate or that additional increases to the allowance for credit losses will not be needed in subsequent periods. If our allowance is not adequate, future net charge-offs may be in excess of our current expected losses, which would create the need for more provisioning and will have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and capital position. 
 If borrowers default, and/or economic circumstances increase defaults, we may have to foreclose on the loan, beginning the legal process of acquiring the collateral property. Foreclosure proceedings and/or workout agreements may slow our collection efforts and delay ultimate satisfaction of the loan. 
 We are engaged in the business of lending and, as such, are subject to the risk that borrowers may be unable to repay the loans in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Mortgage loans are secured by commercial and residential real property and are subject to risks of delinquency, foreclosure and loss. 
 
 11 

Our loans are not insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Veterans Administration or otherwise guaranteed or insured by a government agency. Our loans require monthly interest-only payments or monthly payments of interest and principal. This means: 
 Our loans are structured to provide for a large balloon payment of principal due at the end of the term. These borrowers may be unable to repay such loans at maturity and may be compelled to refinance or sell the property. 

Defaults and foreclosures may increase if the economy weakens or if interest rates increase, which may make it more difficult for borrowers to refinance their loans at maturity or sell their property. 

If a borrower is unable to repay the loan and defaults, we may be forced to acquire the property at a foreclosure sale, or we may be forced to sell the property for less than the amount owed on the loan. If we cannot quickly sell or refinance such property, and the property does not produce income in excess of expenses, our profitability will be adversely affected. 

Recently enacted consumer protection laws, both Federal and in California, impose additional notice and disclosure requirements on lenders which may slow or limit a lender s ability to exercise remedies against residential real property collateral (principally 1-4 units), including rights to sell the property in a foreclosure sale and certain rights of tenants residing in the properties. Additional federal and state legislation may be proposed in the future which, if enacted, may further limit a lender s ability to exercise remedies against residential real property collateral following a borrower s default in the performance of its loan obligations. 

In addition, any litigation instituted by a defaulting borrower or the operation of the federal bankruptcy laws may have the effect of delaying enforcement of the lien on a defaulted loan and may in certain circumstances reduce the amount realizable from the sale of a foreclosed property. A lien is a charge against the property of which the holder may cause the property to be sold and use the proceeds in satisfaction of the lien. A judicial foreclosure may be subject to most of the delays and expenses of other litigation, sometimes requiring up to several years to complete. If we acquire a property from a borrower, there are many factors that are beyond our control that affect the real estate market and could affect our ability to sell properties for the price, on the terms or within the time frame that we desire. These factors include general economic conditions, the availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand. Further, before we can sell a property on the terms we want, it may be necessary to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements. However, we can give no assurance that we will have the funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. Our inability to sell properties at the time and on the terms we want could reduce our profitability and cash flow, limit our ability to make distributions and could reduce the value of our units. 
 RMC relies on appraisals to determine the fair market value FMV of the underlying property securing our loans. These appraisals may be inaccurate or not reflect subsequent events affecting FMV which could increase our risk of loss. 
 RMC relies on appraisals prepared by unrelated third parties to determine the fair market value of real property used to secure our loans. RMC relies on such appraisals for, among other matters, determining our loan-to-value ratio LTV ). We cannot guarantee that such appraisals will, in any or all cases, be accurate or that the appraisals will reflect the actual amount buyers will pay for the property. If an appraisal is not accurate, our loan may not be as secure as we anticipated. In the event of foreclosure, we may not be able to recover our entire investment. Additionally, since an appraisal fixes the value of real property at a given point in time, subsequent events could adversely affect the value of the real property used to secure a loan. This would result in a risk of loss for us if the borrower defaults on the loan. 
 12 

Increased competition and new entrants in the market for mortgage loan originations could adversely impact our ability to originate and acquire real estate-related loans at attractive returns. 
 New entrants in our target markets for mortgage loan originations could adversely impact our ability to execute our investment strategy on terms consistent with our investment objectives. In originating our loans, we may compete with REITs, regional and community banks, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, other lenders and other similar entities. An increase in competition for the available supply of loans suitable for investment by us, may cause us to reduce the interest rate that can be charged on our loans. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of real estate-related loans. An increase in competition in our market, may adversely affect our ability to take advantage of attractive lending opportunities that are consist with our investment strategy. These and other competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of our loans are junior in priority to first and second liens that may make it more difficult and costly to protect our junior security interest. 
 We anticipate that our loans will eventually be diversified as to priority as follows: 
 first mortgages approximately 40 to 60 ; 

second mortgages (junior to first mortgages) approximately 40 to 60 ; and 

third mortgages (junior to other two mortgages) 10 or less 

There is no assurance that we will be able to diversify our loans as set forth above or that this diversification strategy, if successfully implemented, will provide us with the best risk adjusted returns and/or decrease our risk of loss. 
 In the event of foreclosure under a second or third deed of trust, the debt secured by a senior deed(s) of trust must be satisfied before any proceeds from the sale of the property can be applied toward the debt owed to us. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment. To protect our junior security interest, we may be required to make substantial cash outlays for such items as loan payments to senior lien holders to prevent their foreclosure, property taxes, insurance, repairs, maintenance and other expenses associated with the property. These expenditures could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Our interests in our properties may not be insured or may be underinsured against certain types of losses. 
 We require comprehensive insurance, including fire and extended coverage, which is customarily obtained for or by a lender, on properties in which we acquire a security interest. Generally, such insurance will be obtained by and at the cost of the borrower. However, there are certain types of losses (generally of a catastrophic nature, such as civil disturbances or terrorism and acts of God such as earthquakes, wildfires, floods and land or mud slides) which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. Should such a disaster occur to, or cause the full or partial destruction of, any property serving as collateral for a loan, we could lose both our invested capital and anticipated profits from such investment, which would adversely affect our profitability. 
 We may make construction loans which may subject us to greater risks. 
 Construction loans are loans made to borrowers constructing entirely new structures or dwellings, whether residential, commercial or multi-family properties. We may make construction loans up to a maximum of 10 of our then gross offering proceeds. Investing in construction loans subjects us to greater risk than loans related to properties with operating histories. If we foreclose on property under construction, construction generally will have to be completed before the property can begin to generate an income stream or be sold. We may not have adequate cash reserves on hand with respect to junior encumbrances and/or construction loans at all times to protect our security. If we have inadequate cash reserves, we could suffer a loss of our investment. Additionally, we may be required to obtain permanent financing of the property in addition to the construction loan which could involve the payment of significant fees and additional cash obligations for us. 
 Owning real estate following foreclosure will subject us to additional risks. 
 If a borrower is unable to pay our loan or refinance it when it is due, it may be in our best interest to institute foreclosure proceedings against the borrower, and to own the property for a period of time. We will be subject to certain economic and liability risks attendant to property ownership which may affect our profitability and cash flow. The risks of ownership include the following: 
 If the property is a rental property we will be required to find and keep tenants. 

We will be required to maintain and oversee and control operating expenses of the property. 

We will be subject to general and local real estate and economic market conditions which could adversely affect the value of the property. 

We will be subject to changes in laws or regulations regarding taxes, use, zoning and environmental protection and hazards. 

13 

We will be required to maintain insurance for property risks and liability exposures. 

We will be subject to state and federal laws and local municipal codes and penalties relating to tenant retention and the maintenance and upkeep of lender-owned properties. 

We may be subject to federal and state tax laws and regulations with respect to the tax treatment of items of our income, gain, loss or deductions for real estate held for investment, rental and/or sale, which in turn may result in federal and state tax payment and filing exposure for our members. 

We will be subject to municipal ordinances, where they have been enacted, applicable to foreclosed and/or distressed properties which require the payment of additional costs and registration fees and may obligate us to secure and maintain, at our expense, real property securing our loans upon the filing of a notice of default or after we acquire ownership of real property through foreclosure. 

Bankruptcy and legal limitations on personal judgments may affect our ability to enforce the loans and increase our costs. 
 Any borrower has the ability to delay a foreclosure sale by us for a period ranging from several months to several years or more by filing a petition in bankruptcy. The filing of a petition in bankruptcy automatically stops or stays any actions to enforce the terms of the loan. The length of this delay and the costs associated with it may have an adverse impact on our profitability. 
 If we make high-cost mortgage loans, we will be required to comply with additional federal and state regulations and our non-compliance could adversely affect us. 
 Section 1026.32 of Regulation Z defines a high-cost mortgage as any consumer loan secured by a primary residence where either (i) the annual percentage rate APR ), measured as of the date the rate is set, exceeds the average prime offer rate APOR for a comparable transaction on that date by more than 6.5 on a first mortgage or 8.5 on a junior mortgage; or (ii) the total fees payable by the consumer exceed 5 for a loan of more than or equal to 20 thousand, or 8.5 or 1 thousand (whichever is less) on a loan of less than 20 thousand. 
 The failure to comply with the regulations, even if the failure was unintended, will render the loan rescindable for up to three years. If the loan is rescinded, interest and fees paid by the borrower must be refunded by the lender. The lender could also be held liable for attorneys fees, finance charges and fees paid by the borrower and certain other money damages. 
 In addition, under California law consumer loans secured by liens on primary residences in amounts less than the Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac conforming loan limit may be considered to be high-cost loans under certain circumstances. While it is unlikely that we would make many high-cost loans, the failure to comply with California law regarding such loans could have significant adverse effects on us. The reckless or willful failure to comply with any provision of this law, including the mandatory disclosure provisions, could result in, among other penalties, the imposition of administrative penalties of 25 thousand, loss or suspension of the offending broker s license, as well as exposure to civil liability to the consumer/borrower (including the imposition of actual and punitive damages). 
 Use of borrowed money to fund loans may reduce our profitability. 
 We are permitted to borrow funds for the purpose of making loans, for increased liquidity, reducing cash reserve needs, or developing or refinancing property that we acquired through foreclosure or for any other proper purpose on any terms commercially available. 
 If we have borrowed money to fund loans, a rise in the prevailing interest rate could result in our having to pay more in interest on the borrowed money than we earn on loans to our borrowers. This may reduce our profitability, and, should we default on our debt, may result in additional losses through forced liquidation of loans. In addition, payments of principal and interest made to service our debts may leave us with insufficient cash to pay distributions. Any of these results would have a significant negative impact on your investment. 
 We may face potential liability for toxic or hazardous substances as a result of our lending activities or as a result of foreclosure on properties that secure loans we make. 
 If we take an equity interest in, management control of, or foreclose on any of the loans, we may be considered the owner of the real property securing such loans. Under current federal and state law, the owner of real property contaminated with toxic or hazardous substances (including a mortgage lender that has acquired title through foreclosure) may be liable for all costs associated with any remedial action necessary to bring the property into compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. This liability may arise regardless of who caused the contamination or when it was caused. In the event of any environmental contamination, there can be no assurance that we would not incur full recourse liability for the entire cost of any such removal and cleanup, even if we did not know about or participate in the contamination. Full recourse liability means that any of our property, including the contaminated property, could be sold in order to pay the costs of cleanup in excess of the value of the property at which such contamination occurred. 
 14 

In addition, we could incur liability to tenants and other users of the affected property, or users of neighboring property, including liability for consequential damages, such as lost profits of a business. We would also be exposed to risk of lost revenues during any cleanup and to the risk of lower lease rates or decreased occupancy if the existence of such substances or sources on the property becomes known. 
 If we fail to remove the substances or sources and clean up the property, federal, state, or local environmental agencies could perform such removal and cleanup and impose and subsequently foreclose liens on the property for the cost thereof. We may find it difficult or impossible to sell the property prior to or following any such cleanup. If such substances are discovered after we sell the property, we could be liable to the purchaser thereof if our manager knew or had reason to know that such substances or sources existed. 
 If we are required to incur such costs or satisfy such liabilities, this could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Additionally, if a borrower is required to incur such costs or satisfy such liabilities, this could result in the borrower s inability to repay its loan from us. 
 Our manager s selection of loans for sale to third parties may involve conflicts of interest between us and our manager. 
 We may, on occasion, subject to applicable laws and regulations and our operating agreement, sell some of our loans. There is a conflict of interest between us and our manager as to what loans will be sold. For example, the manager may select loans of a higher credit quality or having higher interest rates than the loans funded with the proceeds from the sale. The sale of loans may result in a reduced overall yield of our portfolio. Loans the manager may sell to third parties will enable the manager to re-lend proceeds from the loans sales generating loan origination revenue and fees under the operating agreement, which increases the manager s capital and ability to repay the formation loan. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR UNITS 
 Our units are not listed on an exchange or quoted through a quotation system, and will not be for the foreseeable future, if ever, and there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of units. 
 Investors will have limited ability to sell their units. Our units are not listed on an exchange or quoted through a quotation system, and there is no secondary market, nor do we expect that any will develop in the foreseeable future. Units are not freely transferable, and they may not be acceptable by a lender as security for borrowing. Our Operating Agreement imposes substantial restrictions upon your ability to transfer units. Therefore, an investment in our units is not suitable for investors who require short-term liquidity from their investments. 
 You are limited in your ability to have your units redeemed under our unit redemption program. 
 The unit redemption program contains significant restrictions and limitations that limit your ability to redeem your units. The number of units you may redeem per quarter is subject to a maximum of the greater of 100 thousand units or 25 of your units outstanding. Also, we will limit redemptions from members, in any calendar year, to a total of not more than 5 (or in any calendar quarter, 1.25 of the weighted average number of units outstanding during the 12-month period immediately prior to the date of the redemption. Our manager has the right, in its sole discretion, at any time, to reject any request for redemption, or to suspend or terminate the acceptance of new redemption requests without prior notice, or to terminate, suspend or amend the unit redemption program upon 30-day notice. We fund redemptions from available cash and do not have a working capital reserve from which to fund redemptions. For this purpose, cash is available only after company expenses have been paid (including compensation to our manager), adequate provision has been made for payment of current and future debt, and adequate provision has been made for the payment of monthly cash distributions to members who do not reinvest pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. As a result of the rapid increase in interest rates and a reluctance of our borrowers to prepay or refinance our loans, we are experiencing a decrease in our liquidity which has required the manager to adhere to the restrictions and limitation on unit redemptions effective March 31, 2023. 
 There is no assurance you will receive cash distributions. 
 The Operating Agreement does not require us to meet a specific or minimum level of distributions to members. The amount of distributions to members is determined by the manager based on our financial results and cash available. The manager has broad discretion to establish reserves and maintain adequate cash balances to support ongoing operations. In the event we do not have sufficient cash available to fund distributions, we may need to defer or reduce distributions. 
 15 

You will have no control over our operations, including the loans we make or sell; you must rely on the judgment of our manager in making loans. 
 You have no right or power to take part in our management. All decisions with respect to our management will be made exclusively by our manager. Our success will, to a large extent, depend on the judgment of our manager as it relates to lending decisions and sales of loans to third parties, if any. 
 Our manager has broad discretion to implement our investment objectives and can change investment strategies without member consent. 
 The Operating Agreement contains investment objectives, but our manager has broad discretion to implement those objectives. A change in our investment strategy may, among other things, increase our exposure to real estate market fluctuations, default risk and interest rate risk, all of which could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our manager has various conflicts of interest. 
 Our manager has various conflicts of interest in connection with its management of us, including but not limited to: 
 Operational, legal and financial obligations with respect to other entities that are similar to, or may conflict with, our manager s obligations to us. 

The fees of our manager are not determined based on arm s-length negotiations. 

The same legal counsel currently represents us and the manager. 

Our manager has the right to conduct other business and to compete with our business. 

Our manager is responsible for originating or arranging substantially all of our loans and can place loans in our portfolio or other funds that are also managed by our manager. We anticipate that the loan brokerage commissions charged to borrowers by our manager, which are paid to our manager and not us, will average approximately 2 to 5 of the principal amount of each loan, but may be higher or lower depending upon market conditions. Any increase in the loan brokerage commission charged on loans may have a direct, adverse effect on the interest rates we charge on loans by reducing the interest rate we receive and thus the overall rate of return to you. This conflict of interest exists in connection with every loan transaction and all compensation paid to our manager. 

In the event our manager defaults on the repayment of the formation loan, a conflict of interest would arise on the manager s part in connection with the enforcement of the formation loan and continued payment of other fees and compensation to our manager, including, but not limited to, the loan servicing fees, loan administrative fees and asset management fees, while such default is continuing. 

We have no board of directors and are not subject to certain corporate governance rules under the federal securities laws applicable to securities listed on a national securities exchange. 
 As is customary for a limited liability company, we do not have a board of directors or any independent directors. We are not subject to certain corporate governance rules under the federal securities laws or the rules of any national securities exchanges because our units are not registered for trading under the Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Accordingly, we do not have an audit or compensation committee. As a result, members must rely on our manager, which is not independent, to perform these functions. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that our manager, which is engaged in management, will participate in decisions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management performance. 
 As a public company, we are subject to regulations not applicable to private companies, such as provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Efforts to comply with such regulations have and will involve significant expenditures. 
 As a public company, we are subject to regulations not applicable to private companies, including provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Our management is required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis, to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. We may be required to spend significant amounts in the future to remain in compliance. Such expenditures may reduce amounts available for distribution and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 16 

We operate in a heavily regulated industry and compliance with regulations could increase our costs of doing business and lower your return. 
 The mortgage business has traditionally been heavily regulated. The costs of complying with these regulations could adversely affect our profitability, and violations of these regulations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We established the 1 per unit offering price on an arbitrary basis which may not reflect the amount you will receive upon a redemption of your units. 
 We arbitrarily determined the 1 per unit price for reinvestment of distributions. Such price is not necessarily the amount you may receive pursuant to your limited right to redeem units, subject to certain requirements. The amount that a redeeming member will receive is the lesser of the purchase price for the redeemed units or the redeeming member s capital account balance as of the date of each redemption payment. The fair market value of your interest in the company will be irrelevant in determining amounts to be paid upon redemption. 
 You will be bound by the actions taken by the majority voting power. 
 Subject to certain limitations, members holding a majority of units may vote to, among other things: 
 dissolve and terminate the company; 

amend the operating agreement, subject to certain limitations; 

approve or disapprove the sale of all or substantially all of our assets; and 

remove or replace our manager or elect additional or new managers. 

If you do not vote with the majority in interest, you nonetheless will be bound by the majority vote. 
 If payments are not made on the formation loan under certain circumstances, such as our manager s removal, it may reduce your rate of return or affect our capital available to fund new loans. 
 We have previously advanced to our manager funds in an amount equal to the sales commissions for our units and premiums paid to investors in connection with unsolicited sales of our units. The formation loan is an unsecured loan that does not bear interest and will be repaid in annual or quarterly installments. If the manager is removed, no other manager is elected, the company is liquidated or our manager is no longer receiving payments for services rendered, we will forgive the debt on the formation loan and our manager will be immediately released from any further obligations under the formation loan which could result in a significant loss to the company and have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Upon liquidation, you may experience delays in receiving distributions, you may not be able to fully recover your investment or you may not receive any distributions. 
 Under our operating agreement, we will continue to operate until December 2038, unless our term is extended by the vote of a majority in interest of the members. We could be dissolved and terminated earlier by operation of law or upon the occurrence of various events described in our operating agreement. Upon our dissolution, our manager will seek to promptly liquidate our assets for the best price reasonably obtainable, use any proceeds to satisfy our debts and distribute any remaining proceeds to our members and manager in accordance with the terms of our operating agreement. Accordingly, your ability to recover all or any portion of your investment under such circumstances will depend on the amount of funds so realized and claims to be satisfied from those proceeds. 
 Delays in liquidation could arise due to market conditions and other factors beyond the control of our manager. In the event we are unable to liquidate on or prior to the end of our anticipated term and depending on the amount of liquidation proceeds the manager is able to obtain, you may not receive distributions of remaining proceeds, if any, in a timely manner or at all. 
 Insufficient working capital reserves may require borrowings or liquidating our loans which, if not possible, may adversely affect us. 
 We intend to maintain a working capital reserve to meet our obligations, including our carrying costs and operating expenses. Our manager believes such reserves are reasonably sufficient for our contingencies. If for any reason those reserves are insufficient, we will have to borrow the required funds, limit or suspend redemptions, or liquidate some or all of our loans. In the event our manager deems it necessary to borrow funds, such borrowings may not be on acceptable terms or even available to us which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 17 

Conflicts may arise regarding the financial condition of our manager. 
 Our manager must maintain a sufficient net worth and cash flow in order to continue to provide services to us. This may require our manager to make decisions regarding investments and other aspects of our business to allow it to collect fees and expense reimbursements, which actions could negatively affect our net income and cash available from operations. 
 Conflicts may arise if we participate in loans with other programs organized by our manager. 
 In certain limited circumstances and subject to compliance with applicable regulations or guidelines, we may participate in loans or joint ventures with other programs organized by our manager, where we purchase a direct or indirect partial interest in a loan. Our portion of the total loan may be smaller or greater than the portion of the loan made by the other programs. Participating in loans or joint ventures with other programs organized by our manager could result in a conflict of interest between us and our manager as well as between us and such other programs, in the event that the borrower defaults on the loan and our manager protects the interests of other programs, which it has organized, in the loan and in the underlying security. 
 Certain officers and other key personnel of our manager will face competing demands relating to their time and this may cause our operations and our investors investments to suffer. 
 We rely on the executive officers and key personnel of our manager to provide services to us for the day-to-day operation of our business. In particular, as to Mr. Michael Burwell, President, Director, and Secretary/Treasurer of RMC, if he was to terminate his employment the manager s capacity/capability to continue business operations and maintain loan origination volumes could be impacted adversely. As a result of our executive officers' and key personnel's interests in other programs and business activities and their obligations to other investors, a failure by these persons or the manager to devote sufficient time or resources to our business, may have an adverse effect on our business and financial results, and the value of our units may decline. 
 We are dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on third party communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as: 
 sudden electrical or telecommunications outages; 

natural disasters; 

disease pandemics; 

events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and 

cyber-attacks. 

These events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the value of our units and our ability to pay distributions. 
 18 

Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our data or confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include: 
 disrupted operations; 

misstated or unreliable financial data; 

liability for stolen assets or information; 

increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs; 

litigation; and 

damage to our investor relationships. 

As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. Third parties with which we do business (including those that provide services to us) also may be targets of cyber-attacks or sources of other technological risks. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information and assets, as well as certain investor, counterparty, employee and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from cyber security risks and outsourcing, these measures may not be sufficient to prevent ongoing threats which may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure or destruction of data, or other cybersecurity incidents, with increased costs and other consequences, including those described above. Privacy and information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance with those changes, may also result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. 
 RISKS RELATED TO TAXES AND ERISA 
 Your ability to offset income with our losses may be limited. 
 We take the position that we are engaged in the active conduct of the trade or business of mortgage lending, as a result of which all or a portion of the income earned by members with respect to their investment in our units will be treated as ordinary income. Under the applicable Treasury regulations, each member is required to report separately on their income tax return all or a portion of the member s distributive share of our income as nonpassive income. Each member s distributive share of our losses, if any, will be reported as passive losses. Passive losses may be used to offset passive income. To the extent that passive losses do not offset passive income, they may be carried forward to offset passive income in future years. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that our income is properly treated as portfolio income for purposes of those limitations. Such treatment is subject to the interpretation of complex Treasury regulations, and is dependent upon a number of factors, such as whether we are engaged in a trade or business, the extent to which we incur liabilities in connection with our activities, and the proper matching of the allocable expenses incurred in the production of income. There can be no assurance that an IRS challenge to our characterization of our income will not succeed. It also is possible that members may be subject to other limitations on the deductibility of our expenses and losses. 
 Your tax liability may exceed the cash you receive. 
 Your tax liabilities associated with an investment in the units for a given year may exceed the amount of cash we distribute to you during such year. As a member, you will be taxed on your allocable share of our taxable income whether or not you actually receive cash distributions from us. Your taxable income could exceed cash distributions you receive, for example, if you elect to reinvest into additional units the cash distributions you would otherwise have received. Taxable income in excess of cash distributions also could result if we were to generate so-called phantom income (taxable income without an associated receipt of cash). Phantom income could be recognized from a number of sources, including, without limitation, any established loan loss reserves. Under very limited circumstances, you could receive a special distribution to enable you to pay taxes on specified types of income. 
 19 

We expect to generate unrelated business taxable income. 
 Tax-exempt investors (such as an employee pension benefit plan or an IRA) may be subject to tax to the extent that income from the units is treated as unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI. We may realize UBTI from the sale of loans if we are deemed to be a dealer in the business of selling loans to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business and a particular loan or loans are deemed to be dealer property. In addition, we borrow funds on a limited basis, which can cause a portion of our income to be treated as UBTI. We may also receive income from services rendered in connection with making or securing loans, which is likely to constitute UBTI. Furthermore, any rental income that we receive from a lease of personal property would constitute UBTI unless the personal property is leased along with real property and the rents received from the personal property are an incidental amount of the total rents received under the lease. While we do not currently intend to own and lease personal property, it is possible we may do so as a result of a foreclosure upon a default. Although we will use reasonable efforts to prevent any borrowings and leases of personal property from causing any significant amount of income from the units to be treated as UBTI, we expect that some portion of our income will be UBTI. Prospective investors that are tax-exempt entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the suitability of an investment in units. In particular, an investment in units may not be suitable for charitable remainder trusts. 
 You may be subject to state and local tax laws. 
 The state in which you reside may impose an income tax upon your share of our taxable income. Furthermore, states such as California, in which we will own property, generally impose income tax upon a member s share of the company s taxable income considered allocable to such states, whether or not a member resides in that state. As a result, a nonresident member may be required to file a tax return in California. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisers with respect to state and local tax consequences of an investment in our units. 
 Changes in tax laws could have an adverse effect on your investment. 
 Changes in federal, state or local tax law could have an adverse effect on the rate of return on your investment in our units or on the market value of our assets. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the impact of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our units. 
 Risks of investment by ERISA plan investors and other tax-exempt investors. 
 If you elect to participate in the DRIP, you should consider the same factors that you had to consider when considering an investment in the units initially, including if you are a Benefit Plan Investor subject to the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA ), you should consider, among other things, (i) whether the investment satisfies the diversification requirements of Section 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA; (ii) whether the investment is prudent, since it is not expected that there will be a market created in which you can sell or otherwise dispose of the units. In addition if you are a Benefit Plan Investor that is a tax-qualified pension or 401(k) plan, an IRA or a similar plan, you should consider (i) whether a distribution of units in kind from the plan or IRA would be accepted as a rollover by a trustee or custodian of a successor plan or IRA, and if not accepted, whether the automatic 20 income tax withholding would create the need to effectuate the rollover using assets other than the units; and (ii) whether a required distribution from a tax-qualified pension or 401(k) plan or IRA commencing on the April 1 following the calendar year in which the beneficiary attains age 70 1 2 (or if later with respect to a tax-qualified plan distribution, the date the beneficiary retires) could cause the beneficiary to become subject to income tax that the beneficiary would need to satisfy out of assets other than the units if such beneficiary were not able to transfer the units for cash. Finally, all Benefit Plan Investors, including tax-qualified pension and 401(k) plans and IRAs, should consider (i) whether the investment will impair the liquidity of your plan, IRA or other entity; and (ii) whether interests in us or the underlying assets owned by us constitute plan assets for purposes of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which could cause certain transactions with us to constitute non-exempt prohibited transactions. ERISA requires that the assets of a plan be valued at their fair market value as of the close of the plan year, and it may not be possible to adequately value the units from year to year, since there will not be a market for those units and the appreciation of any property may not be shown in the value of the units until we sell or otherwise dispose of our investments. If you are an employee benefit plan subject to federal, state or local law that is substantially similar to ERISA, you should consider whether an investment in the units would satisfy the requirements of such similar law. 
 Item 1B Unresolv ed Staff Comments 
 We are a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer, both as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 20 

Item 2 P roperties 
 We have not owned any real property since inception. 
 The company is externally managed so it does not possess or lease any office space. The company's address is RMC s principal office space. RMC is located in a leased space at 177 Bovet Road, Suite 520, San Mateo, CA 94402. 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 6 (Commitments and Contingencies, Other Than Loan Commitments) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information regarding legal proceedings and government proceedings, which presentation is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 Item 4 Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 21 

Part II 
 Item 5 Market for the Registrant s Units, Related Unit holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Investors will have limited ability to sell their units. Our units are not listed on an exchange or quoted through a quotation system, and there is no secondary market nor do we expect that any will develop in the foreseeable future. Units are not freely transferable, and they may not be acceptable by a lender as security for borrowing. Our operating agreement also imposes substantial restrictions upon your ability to transfer units. Therefore, an investment in our units is not suitable for investors who expect to require short-term liquidity from their investments. See Liquidity and unit redemptions program in Part I of this Report. As of February 28, 2023, we had approximately 1178 unit holders, who held approximately 72.3 million units. 
 Recent sales of unregistered securities 
 All sales of our units within the past three years were registered under the Securities Act. 
 DRIP/ SEC registrations 
 In May 2019, the company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC (SEC File No. 333-231333) that went effective May 9, 2019 to offer up to 15 million units 15 million) to members of record as of April 30, 2019 who previously elected to participate in the DRIP or who later provide written notice to the manager electing to participate in the DRIP, and who reside in those states in which approval to sell has been obtained. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate gross proceeds from sales of units to members under our DRIP pursuant to the May 2019 Form S-3 Registration Statement is approximately 8.1 million. Earnings distributed and reinvested in our DRIP were approximately 2 million and 2.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Redemption of units 
 Redemptions are made once a quarter, on the last business day of the quarter. The unit redemption program is ongoing and available to members beginning one year after the purchase of the units. 
 The maximum number of units that may be redeemed in any year and the maximum amount of redemption available in any period to members are subject to certain limitations including, but limited to, the company will not: 
 in any calendar year, redeem more than 5 ; or 

in any calendar quarter, redeem more than 1.25 , of the weighted average number of units outstanding during the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to the date of the redemption. 

In addition, the manager may, in its sole discretion, further limit the percentage of the total members units that may be redeemed or may adjust the timing of scheduled redemptions (including deferring withdrawals indefinitely), to the extent that such redemption would cause the company to be treated as a publicly traded partnership within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code or any Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (determined without reference to Code Section 469(i)). The manager is also granted the right, in its sole discretion, at any time, to reject any request for redemption, or to suspend or terminate the acceptance of new redemption requests without prior notice, or to terminate, suspend or amend the unit redemption program upon 30-day notice. 
 In 2022, the units redeemed were approximately 8.1 million, which exceeded the annual redemption limitation of approximately 3.8 million. In 2021, the units redeemed were approximately 4.8 million which exceeded the annual limitation of approximately 4.0 million. 
 Effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. The manager has no present intention to exercise its discretionary power to waive or modify the enforcement of the annual redemptions limitation in the foreseeable future. 
 Total redemption requests scheduled for March 31, 2023, approximate 1.9 million, which amount exceeds the quarterly limitation of 936 thousand. Accordingly, the redemption requests will be honored in the following order of priority: 
 first, to redemptions upon the death of a member, which total 85 thousand; and 

next, to other redemption requests until all other requests for redemption have been met. 

All redemption requests shall be honored on a pro rata basis, based on the amount of redemption requests received in and/or carried over from the preceding quarter. The redemptions, net of the redemptions upon the death of a member, to be paid on March 31, 2023, will be approximately 851 thousand or forty-five percent (45 of redemption requests scheduled. Redemption requests scheduled but not paid at March 31, 2023, are carried forward to subsequent quarters until paid. 
 22 

There are substantial restrictions on transferability of units, and there is no established public trading and/or secondary market for the units and none is expected to develop. In order to provide liquidity to members, the company s Operating Agreement includes a unit redemption program, whereby beginning one year from the date of purchase of the units, a member may redeem all or part of their units, subject to certain limitations. 
 The price paid for redeemed units is based on the lesser of the purchase price paid by the redeeming member or the member s capital account balance as of the date of each redemption payment. Redemption value for other than DRIP units - is calculated based on the period from date of purchase as follows: after one year 92 of the of the purchase price or of the capital balance, whichever is less; after two years 94 ; after three years 96 ; after four years 98 ; and after five years 100 . 
 The Manager may, in its sole discretion, waive any of the above holding periods or penalties applicable to redemptions in the event of the death of a member or other exigent circumstances or if the manager believes such wavier is in the best interests of the company. Waiver of any provision applicable to redemptions in any period or with respect to any member, in no way, affects the ability of the company to enforce that provision in any other period or with respect to any other member. 
 Proceeds from sale of DRIP units 
 Proceeds from the sale of the DRIP units are used to make additional loans and fund working capital reserves. 
 Commissions for unit sales to new members paid to broker-dealers/formation loan 
 Commissions for unit sales to new members paid to broker-dealers B/D sales commissions and premiums paid to certain investors upon the purchase of units were paid by RMC and were not paid directly by us out of unit-sales proceeds. Instead, the company advanced to RMC amounts sufficient to pay the B/D sales commissions and premiums to be paid to investors. Such advances in total were not to exceed seven percent (7 of offering proceeds. The receivable arising from the advances is unsecured and non-interest bearing and is referred to as the formation loan. As of December 31, 2022, (offerings of units to new members ended April 30, 2019) such advances totaled approximately 5.6 million, of which 3.1 million remains outstanding (the Current Formation Loan Balance ). Please refer to the information under Formation loan and Organization and offering expenses in Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a discussion of the formation loan and organization and offering expenses, which discussions are incorporated herein by this reference. 
 In March 2022, the Operating Agreement was amended to extend the term of repayment of the formation loan to December 31, 2038 to coincide with the extended term of the company. The Current Formation Loan Balance is repayable by RMC in annual installments of approximately 208 thousand which may be paid by RMC either in full on December 31 of each calendar year during the term of the company (each, an Annual Payment Date or in four equal quarterly installments beginning on the Annual Payment Date and continuing thereafter on the last day of each calendar quarter in the following year. Any amount of the formation loan balance remaining unpaid on the last day of the company term, if any, is payable in full on that date. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to members' totaled approximately 4.1 million and 4.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Distribution policy under Item 1- Business in Part I of this annual report, which discussion is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Distribution reinvestment plan 
 The DRIP provision of the Operating Agreement permits members to elect to have all or a portion of their monthly distributions reinvested in additional units. Members of record as of April 30, 2019, that previously elected to participate in the DRIP or that later provide written notice to the manager, and who reside in those states in which approval to offer the units has been obtained, may elect to participate in the DRIP. 
 Unit redemption program 
 To provide liquidity to members, the company s Operating Agreement includes a unit redemption program, whereby beginning one year from the date of purchase of the units, a member may redeem all or part of their units, subject to certain limitations. 
 23 

Units redeemed in 2022 and 2021 by quarter are presented in the following table in thousands). All redemptions are made on the last business day of the quarter and valued at 1 per unit. 

For the quarterly period ended 
 
 2022 

2021 

March 31 

1,928 

927 

June 30 

1,449 

1,774 

September 30 

1,975 

1,151 

December 31 

2,718 

1,009 

Total 

8,070 

4,861 

Total withdrawals since formation 

26,169 

18,099 

In 2022, the units redeemed were approximately 8.1 million, which exceeded the annual redemption limitation of approximately 3.8 million. In 2021, the units redeemed were approximately 4.9 million, which exceeded the annual redemption limit of approximately 4.0 million. 
 Effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. The manager has no present intention to exercise its discretionary power to waive or modify the enforcement of the annual redemptions limitation in the foreseeable future. 
 Fair market value / unit value 
 In compliance with FINRA Rule 2310 concerning direct-participation-program value per unit estimates, RMC obtained information regarding fair market valuations of the net assets and unit value as of December 31, 2022, for RMI IX. The valuations were performed with the assistance of an independent valuation firm that provides asset valuations to retirement plan sponsors, plan administrators, banking and trust companies, and ERISA plans. The fair values of the individual properties were taken from appraisals which referenced the most current available market information such as listing agreements, offers, and pending and closed sales. Industry standard valuation approaches, including the Income Approach, were utilized in deriving the fair values, as appropriate. There is no assurance that this estimated fair value of the membership units is or will remain accurate, and it does not determine the amount that a member is entitled to receive upon redemption of units. The redemption amount is determined by the applicable provisions of the Operating Agreement. 
 Based on the analysis summarized in Exhibit 99.1 (Fair Value per Unit), the fair value of a unit of RMI IX was determined to be 1.00. 
 The fair value of loan balances (i.e., principal plus interest) secured by deeds of trust, per the Market Approach, is deemed to approximate the recorded amount (per the financial statements) as our loans: 
 are of shorter terms at origination than commercial real estate loans by institutional lenders and conventional single-family home mortgage lenders; 

are written without a prepayment penalty; and 

are not yet sellable into an established secondary market as companies or individuals originating loans similar to those originated by RMC on behalf of the company typically intend to hold the loans until maturity. 

Market Approach - The market approach measures value based on what other purchasers in the market have paid for assets that can be considered reasonably similar to those being valued. When the market approach is utilized, data is collected on the prices paid for reasonably comparable assets. Adjustments are made to the comparable assets to compensate for differences between those assets and the asset being valued. In the case of real estate for example, adjustments might be made for location, quality or construction, and/or building amenities. The application of the market approach results in an estimate of the price reasonably expected to be realized from the sale of the property. 
 Income Approach - The income approach is a valuation technique that provides an estimation of the fair value of an asset, such as RMI IX s loans, based on the cash flows that an asset can be expected to generate over its estimated remaining economic term. This approach begins with an estimation of the annual cash flows a prudent investor would expect the subject asset to generate over a discrete projection period. The estimated cash flows for each of the years in the discrete projection period are then converted to their present value equivalent using a rate of return appropriate for the risk of achieving the asset s projected cash flows. 
 The primary purpose of the valuation was to determine the fair value of a unit of membership interest in RMI IX. There is no assurance that this estimated value is or will remain accurate, and it does not determine the amount that a member is entitled to receive upon withdrawal of units. RMC makes no representation, express or implied, that a unit of RMI IX could or would be transferred by an investor for the stated fair value. 
 24 

Ite m 6 [Reserved.] 
 
 25 

Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 Manager and Other Related Parties 
 Note 1 (Organization and General) and Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report present details as to the company activities for which related parties are compensated and related transactions, including the formation loan to RMC, which presentation is incorporated by this reference into this Item 7. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Such estimates relate principally to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, including determining the fair value of the collateral, and the valuation of real estate owned, at acquisition and subsequently (RMI IX has not acquired real estate owned REO since it commenced operations in 2009). Actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 Loans and the related accrued interest and advances (i.e., the loan balance) are analyzed on a periodic basis for ultimate recoverability. Collateral fair values are reviewed quarterly and the protective equity for each loan is computed. As used herein, protective equity is the dollar amount by which the net realizable value (i.e., fair value less the cost to sell) of the collateral, net of any senior liens exceeds the loan balance, where loan balance is the sum of the unpaid principal, advances and the recorded interest thereon. 
 In determining the probability that a borrower may not ultimately perform according to the terms of the original loan agreement - and further that a credit loss may have been incurred, the manager considers the following: 
 payment status loans with payments in arrears 90+ days (typically 3 payments past due) unless resolution of the delinquency is forthcoming without significant delay; 

lien position; and 

loans with an LTV above lending guidelines. 

See Results of Operations, Secured Loans included in Part II, Item 7 of this report for a detailed presentation on the LTV by lien position for non-performing and performing loans. 
 Fair value estimates 
 The fair value of the collateral/real property is determined by exercise of judgment based on management s experience informed by appraisals (by licensed appraisers), brokers opinion of values and publicly available information on in-market transactions. Appraisals of commercial real property generally present three approaches to estimating value: 1) market comparables or sales approach; 2) cost to replace; and 3) capitalized cash flows or income approach. These approaches may or may not result in a common, single value. The market-comparables approach may yield several different values depending on certain basic assumptions, including adjustments made for any attributes specific to the real estate property. 
 Management has the requisite familiarity with the real estate markets it lends in generally and of the properties lent on specifically to analyze sales-comparables and assess their suitability/applicability. Management is acquainted with market participants investors, developers, brokers, lenders that are useful, relevant secondary sources of data and information regarding valuation and valuation variability. These secondary sources may have familiarity with and perspectives on pending transactions, successful strategies to optimize value and the history and details of specific properties on and off the market that enhance the process and analysis that is particularly and principally germane to establishing value in distressed markets and/or property types. 
 26 

Results of Operations 
 The following discussion describes our results of operations for 2022 and 2021. 
 Key performance indicators 
 Key performance indicators are presented in the following table for 2022 and 2021 in thousands). 

2022 

2021 

Secured loans principal end of period balance 

72,533 

81,097 

Secured loans principal average daily balance 

76,981 

80,570 

Interest income 

6,526 

6,943 

Portfolio interest rate (1) 

8.3 

8.5 

Effective yield rate (2) 

8.5 

8.6 

Line of credit end of period balance 

9,900 

8,480 

Line of credit average daily balance (3) 

8,479 

7,941 

Interest expense 

520 

456 

Interest rate line of credit (3) 

7.1 

5.0 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

Total operations expense (8) 

2,028 

1,743 

Net income (8) 

4,058 

4,806 

Percent of average members capital (4)(5) 

5.3 

6.0 

Member distributions 

4,122 

4,418 

Percent of average members capital (4)(6) 

5.4 

5.5 

Members capital, gross end of period balance 

71,730 

78,192 

Members capital, gross average daily balance 

75,839 

79,684 

Member redemptions (7) 

8,070 

4,861 

(1) Stated interest rate, weighted daily average (annualized) 

(2) Percent of secured loans average daily balance (annualized) 

(3) See Note 5 (Line of Credit) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a presentation of the activity and discussion of the terms and condition of the loan agreement. 

(4) Percent of members capital, gross average daily balance (annualized) 

(5) Percent based on the net income available to members (excluding 1 allocated to the manager) 

(6) Members Distributions is net of O O expenses allocated to members accounts during the year. 

(7) Scheduled member redemptions as of December 31, 2022 were approximately 1.2 million (Scheduled redemptions of members' capital were 2.1 million as of December 31, 2021). 

(8) RMC - at its sole discretion - collected less than the maximum allowable reimbursement of qualifying costs attributable to RMI IX (Costs from RMC on the Statements of Income), which increased the net income, cash available for distribution, and the net-distribution rate. See Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a detailed discussion of fees and cost reimbursements to which the manager is entitled. 

The secured loan principal at December 31, 2022 of 72.5 million was a decrease of approximately 11 8.6 million) over the December 31, 2021 secured loans principal of 81.1 million. Members capital at December 31, 2022 of 71.7 million was a decrease of approximately 8.3 6.5 million) from December 31, 2021, as redemptions of members' units exceeded purchases of DRIP units. We expect the loan portfolio and capital available to lend to continue to decline as a result of continuing member redemptions although this may be offset in part by utilizing borrowings from the Line of Credit to fund future loans. 
 27 

Secured loans 
 We have sought to exercise strong discipline in underwriting loan applications and lending against collateral at amounts that create a secured loan portfolio that has substantial protective equity (i.e., property value to outstanding debt) as indicated by the overall weighted average loan-to-value ratio (LTV) which at December 31, 2022 was approximately 58.3 at the time origination. Thus, per the appraisal-based valuations at the time of loan inception, borrowers have, in the aggregate, equity of 41.7 in the property, and we as lenders have lent in the aggregate 58.3 (including other senior liens on the property, for other than first-lien loans) against the properties we hold as collateral for the repayment of our loans. 
 Secured loans, principal by LTV and lien position at December 31, 2022 are presented in the following table in thousands). The LTVs shown in this table are updated for any appraisals ordered and received by the manager after origination of the loan. 

Secured loans, principal 

LTV (1) 
 
 First trust deeds 
 
 Percent 

Second trust deeds 
 
 Percent 

Total principal 
 
 Percent 

1,081 

1.5 

2,695 

3.7 

3,776 

5.2 

40-49 

13,206 

18.2 

0.0 

13,206 

18.2 

50-59 

12,034 

16.6 

181 

0.2 

12,215 

16.8 

60-69 

29,559 

40.8 

4,124 

5.7 

33,683 

46.5 

Subtotal 

55,880 

77.1 

7,000 

9.6 

62,880 

86.7 

70-79 

1,617 

2.2 

6,036 

8.3 

7,653 

10.5 

Subtotal 

57,497 

79.3 

13,036 

17.9 

70,533 

97.2 

80 (2) 

2,000 

2.8 

0.0 

2,000 

2.8 

Total 

59,497 

82.1 

13,036 

17.9 

72,533 

100.0 

(1) LTV classifications in the table above are based on the company's recorded investment in the loan. 

(2) One loan with principal of approximately 2.0 million has an LTV of 108.18 . The loan agreement was executed by an individual with substantial real estate holdings, experience and substantial financial resources. 

28 

Non-performing secured loans, principal by LTV and lien position at December 31, 2022 are presented in the following table in thousands). The LTV s shown in this table have been updated for any appraisals ordered and received by the manager after origination of the loan. 

Non-performing secured loans, principal 

LTV (3) 
 
 First trust deeds 
 
 Percent (4) 

Second trust deeds 
 
 Percent (4) 

Total principal 
 
 Percent (4) 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

40-49 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

50-59 

1,500 

2.1 

181 

0.2 

1,681 

2.3 

60-69 

5,930 

8.2 

499 

0.7 

6,429 

8.9 

Subtotal 

7,430 

10.3 

680 

0.9 

8,110 

11.2 

70-79 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Subtotal 

7,430 

10.3 

680 

0.9 

8,110 

11.2 

80 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Total 

7,430 

10.3 

680 

0.9 

8,110 

11.2 

(3) LTV classifications in the table above are based on the company's recorded investment in the loan. 

(4) Percent of secured loans principal, end of period balance 

Payments in arrears at December 31, 2022 for non-performing secured loans, (i.e., principal and interest payments past due 30 or more days) totaled approximately 2.2 million of which approximately 2 million was principal and approximately 133 thousand was accrued interest. 
 See Note 4 (Loans) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for detailed presentations as to the secured loan portfolio, payments in arears on non-performing loans, and on the allowance for loan losses. 
 Performance overview/net income 2022 v. 2021 
 Net income available to members as a percent of members capital, gross average daily balance was 5.3 and 6.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net income decreased approximately 748 thousand in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to a decrease in net interest income of approximately 481 thousand and an increase in operations expenses of approximately 285 thousand. 
 29 

Analysis and discussion of income from operations 2022 v. 2021 
 Significant changes to net income in 2022 and 2021 are summarized in the following table in thousands). 

Net interest income 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

Operations expense 

Net income 

Year ended 

December 31, 2022 

6,006 

2,028 

4,058 

December 31, 2021 

6,487 

1,743 

4,806 

Change 

(481) 

285 

(748) 

Change 

Decrease secured loans principal - average daily balance 

(296) 

(7) 

(289) 

Effective yield rate 

(122) 

(122) 

Decrease members' capital - average daily balance 

(12) 

12 

Increase in RMI IX capital as a percent of total related mortgage funds capital managed by RMC 

24 

(24) 

Interest on line of credit 

(82) 

(82) 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

20 

20 

Late fees 

(22) 

Gain on sale, loans 

40 

Increase in allocable expenses from RMC 

26 

(26) 

RMC fees/costs reimbursements collected 

78 

(78) 

Interest on notes receivable from related parties 

(1) 

(1) 

Tax compliance cost efficiency 

(5) 

5 

Expanded legal services 

32 

(32) 

Timing of services rendered 

52 

(52) 

Independent contractors 

103 

(103) 

Expanded audit services 

9 

(9) 

Other 

(15) 

15 

Change 

(481) 

285 

(748) 

The table above displays only significant changes to net income for the period, and is not intended to cross foot. 
 Net interest income 
 Net interest income decreased approximately 481 thousand (7.4 in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease in net interest income is due to a decrease in interest income of approximately 417 thousand (6.0 resulting from the decrease in the average daily balance of secured loans of approximately 3.6 million (4.5 and an increase in interest expense of 64 thousand (14.0 due to greater utilization of the line of credit. The line of credit was utilized with an average daily balance of approximately 8.5 million for 2022 as compared to 7.9 million for 2021. 
 Foregone interest on non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 was approximately 58 thousand, a decrease of approximately 9 thousand compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Provision for loan losses/Allowance for loan losses 
 Generally, the company has not recorded a significant provision/allowance for loan losses as the secured loans have protective equity such that collection is deemed probable for all recorded amounts due on the loan. There were no charge-offs nor was there a provision for loan losses for 2022 and 2021. 
 30 

Operations expense 2022 v. 2021 
 Significant changes to operations expense in 2022 and 2021, are summarized in the following table in thousands). 

Mortgage servicing fees 

Asset management fees 

Costs from RMC, net 

Professional services 

Other 

Total 

Year ended 

December 31, 2022 

193 

552 

348 

897 

38 

2,028 

December 31, 2021 

201 

564 

220 

693 

65 

1,743 

Change 

(8) 

(12) 

128 

204 

(27) 

285 

Change 

Decrease secured loans principal - average daily balance 

(7) 

(7) 

Decrease members' capital - average daily balance 

(12) 

(12) 

Increase in RMI IX capital as a percent of total related mortgage funds capital managed by RMC 

24 

24 

Increase in allocable expenses from RMC 

26 

26 

RMC fees/costs reimbursements collected 

78 

78 

Tax compliance cost efficiency 

(5) 

(5) 

Expanded legal services 

32 

32 

Timing of services rendered 

52 

52 

Independent contractors 

103 

103 

Expanded audit services 

9 

9 

Other 

(1) 

13 

(27) 

(15) 

Change 

(8) 

(12) 

128 

204 

(27) 

285 

Mortgage servicing fees 
 The decrease in mortgage servicing fees of approximately 8 thousand from 2022 compared to 2021 to was due to a decrease in the average daily balance - secured loans of approximately 3.6 million at the annual mortgage servicing fee to RMC of 0.25 . 
 Asset Management Fees 
 The decrease in asset management fees of approximately 12 thousand from 2022 compared to 2021 was due to a decrease in the members' capital base at year-end December 31, 2022 compared to year-end December 31, 2021. The decrease in the members' capital base is due in part to increased redemption requests and a decrease in loan payoffs largely attributable to the recent rapid increase in interest rates. The asset management fee is determined based on the prior year end member s capital base which is computed as the then fair value of the company s loans plus working capital reserves less outstanding debt. 
 Costs from RMC, net 
 RMC is entitled to request reimbursement for operations expense incurred on behalf of RMI IX, including without limitation, RMC's personnel and non-personnel costs incurred for qualifying business activities, including investor services, accounting, tax and data processing, postage and out-of-pocket general and administration expenses. In the year ended 2022, RMC - at its sole discretion - collected less than the maximum allowable reimbursement of qualifying costs attributable to RMI IX (Costs from RMC on the Statements of Income). The reimbursement of costs from RMC waived was approximately 449 thousand and 425 thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The amount of qualifying costs attributable to RMI IX incurred by RMC was approximately 797 thousand and 645 thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to an increase of approximately 78 thousand in RMC cost reimbursements collected, an increase of approximately 24 thousand in the company's members' capital as a percent of the total capital of the related mortgage funds managed by RMC, and an increase of approximately 26 thousand in allocable costs period over period. 
 
 31 

Professional services 
 Professional services consist primarily of information technology, legal, audit and tax compliance, and consulting expenses. 
 The increase in professional services of approximately 204 thousand from 2022 compared to 2021 was due to an increase in fees due to independent contractors, an increase in legal fees due to expanded services associated with amending the operating agreement to extend the term of the company, loan transactions and valuation of loan collateral and an increase in audit fees due to timing differences. Costs for these professional services have been increasing and are expected to continue to increase as the demands of regulatory compliance increase and the rate at which firms charge for their services increases. 
 Members capital, cash flows and liquidity 
 Cash flows by business activity for 2022 and 2021 are presented in the following table in thousands). 

2022 

2021 

Members capital 

Earnings distributed to members, net of DRIP 

(2,168) 

(2,351) 

Redemptions, net 

(8,067) 

(4,826) 

O O expenses repaid by RMC 

131 

81 

Early withdrawal penalties 

(3) 

Cash members capital, net 

(10,107) 

(7,096) 

Borrowings 

Line of credit borrowings (payments), net 

1,420 

(1,520) 

Interest paid 

(465) 

(400) 

Debt issuance costs paid 

(57) 

Cash borrowings, net 

898 

(1,920) 

Cash members' capital and borrowings, net 

(9,209) 

(9,016) 

Loan principal/advances/interest 

Loans funded advances, net 

(30,252) 

(49,185) 

Principal collected 

36,351 

48,972 

Loans transferred from related mortgage fund 

(1,939) 

(4,672) 

Loans transferred to related mortgage funds 

2,560 

Loans sold to non-affiliate 

4,530 

3,464 

Interest received, net 

6,135 

7,741 

Late fees 

(33) 

162 

Promissory note funded to related party 

(1,000) 

Promissory note repaid by related party 

1,000 

Cash loans, net 

14,792 

9,042 

Formation loan collected 

278 

405 

Operations expense 

(1,839) 

(1,697) 

Net change in cash 

4,022 

(1,266) 

Cash, end of period 

5,055 

1,033 

Earnings distributed to members 
 Net income (or loss) is allocated among the members according to their respective capital accounts after one percent (1 of the net income (or loss) is allocated to the manager. The monthly results are subject to subsequent adjustment as a result of quarterly and year-end accounting and reporting. Federal and state income taxes are the obligation of the members, other than the annual California franchise tax and the California LLC cash receipts taxes paid by the company. 
 Cash available for distributions allocable to members is disbursed at the end of each calendar month. The manager s allocable share of cash available for distribution is distributed not more frequently than cash distributions to members. 
 
 32 

To determine the amount of cash to be distributed in any month, the company relies in part on its forecast of full-year net income, which takes into account the difference between the forecasted net income for the remainder of the year and actual results in the year to date and the requirement to maintain a cash reserve. As of December 31, 2022, the difference between earnings allocated to members capital accounts and net income available to members was approximately 298 thousand, and is expected to be offset by future earnings in excess of net distributions in 2023 as a result of borrower payments received including forgone interest on loans designated non-accrual. 
 The company s net income, cash available for distribution, and net-distribution rate fluctuates depending on: 
 loan origination volume and the balance of capital available to lend; 

the current and future interest rates negotiated with borrowers; 

line of credit advances, repayments and the interest rate thereon; 

loan sales to unaffiliated third parties, and any gains received thereon; 

the amount of fees and cost reimbursements to RMC; 

the timing and amount of other operating expenses, including expenses for professional services; 

the timing and amount of payments from RMC on the formation loan; and 

fee and/or cost reimbursements waived, if any, from RMC. 

There is no requirement in the Operating Agreement for a required level of distributions to members. The amount of distributions to members is determined by the manager based on financial results and cash available for distribution taking into consideration the need to maintain adequate cash balances to support ongoing operations. The manager has broad discretion in determining the dollar amount of cash balances required. 
 The distribution reinvestment plan DRIP provision of the Operating Agreement permits members to elect to have all or a portion of their monthly distributions reinvested in the purchase of additional units. Cash available for distributions allocable to members who have elected to participate in the DRIP is distributed and reinvested in units at each month end. Earnings distributed and reinvested in DRIP were approximately 2 million and 2.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Redemptions of members capital 
 Redemptions of members' capital for 2022 and 2021 are presented in the following table in thousands). 

Redemptions 
 
 2022 

2021 

Without penalty 

7,949 

3,983 

With penalty 

121 

878 

Total 

8,070 

4,861 

Early withdrawal penalties 

3 

35 

At December 31, 2022, scheduled redemptions of members' capital were approximately 1.2 million, substantially all of which is scheduled for payment in 2023, subject to the limitations discussed in the following paragraphs. Scheduled redemptions of approximately 10 thousand are subject to early withdrawal penalties. 
 Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, unless waived by the manager, the company will not redeem in any calendar year more than five per cent (5.0 and in any calendar quarter one and one-quarter percent (1.25 of the weighted average number of units outstanding in the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to the date of redemption. Aggregate redemption requests for the calendar quarters in 2022 exceeded the 1.25 limitation; however, the manager elected to waive the quarterly limitation rather than withhold the excess redemption amount and pay the unfulfilled redemption requests in future periods. Total redemptions in 2022 were 8.1 million, which exceeded the 5 limitation of approximately 3.8 million. Total redemptions in 2021 were 4.8 million, which exceeded the 5 annual limitation of 4.0 million. 
 Effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. The manager has no present intention to exercise its discretionary power to waive or modify the enforcement of the annual redemptions limitation in the foreseeable future. 
 Total redemption requests scheduled for March 31, 2023 approximate 1.9 million which amount exceeds the quarterly limitation of 936 thousand. Accordingly, the redemption requests will be honored in the following order of priority: 
 first, to redemptions upon the death of a member, which total 85 thousand; and 

next, to other redemption requests until all other requests for redemption have been met. 

All redemption requests shall be honored on a pro rata basis, based on the amount of redemption requests received in and/or carried over from the preceding quarter. The redemptions to be paid, net of the redemptions to be paid based on the death of a member, on March 31, 2023, will be approximately 851 thousand or forty-five percent (45 of redemption requests scheduled. Redemption requests scheduled but not paid at March 31, 2023, are to be carried forward to the following quarters until paid. 
 33 

Borrowings 
 See Note 5 (Line of Credit) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a detailed presentation of the activity and discussion on the terms and provisions of the loan agreement and the First Loan Modification Agreement dated March 4, 2022, which presentation is incorporated by this reference into this Item 8. 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 The ongoing sources of funds are the proceeds from: 
 loan payoffs; 

borrowers monthly principal and interest payments; 

line of credit advances; 

loan sales to unaffiliated third parties; 

payments from RMC on the outstanding balance of the formation loan; and 

sale of units to members participating in the dividend reinvestment plan. 

The company s cash balances are maintained at levels sufficient to support on-going operations and satisfy obligations, without reducing loan fundings or suspending distributions or redemptions, although these options are available if future circumstances warrant. The manager will continue to utilize line of credit advances, loan assignments to related mortgage funds and loan sales to unaffiliated third parties to maintain liquidity of the company, while striving to fully deploy capital available to lend. In addition, effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. 
 The manager believes these sources of funds will provide sufficient funds to adequately meet our obligations beyond the next twelve months. 
 Contractual obligations and commitments 
 At December 31, 2022, the company had no construction or rehabilitation loans outstanding, no loan commitments pending, and no off-balance sheet arrangements as such arrangements are not permitted by the Operating Agreement. Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 2 of this report presents detailed discussion of the company s contractual obligations to RMC. 
 34 

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About M arket Risk 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 Item 8 Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 The following financial statements of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC at and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are included in Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; San Francisco, CA; PCAOB ID # 
 
 36 

Balance Sheets 
 
 38 

Statements of Income 
 
 39 

Statements of Changes in Members and Manager's Capital 
 
 40 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 41 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 43 

35 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Members and Manager 
 Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC 
 San Mateo, California 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC (a Delaware Limited Liability Company) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, changes in members and manager s capital, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the Company s financial statements, the Company has a gross principal loan portfolio of 72.5 million and related allowance for loan losses of 0.06 million as of December 31, 2022. In calculating the allowance for loan losses, the Company primarily considers the fair value of collateral associated with non performing loans over 90 days past due or loans with a forbearance agreement in effect. The evaluation of the fair value of the collateral involves significant estimates and subjective assumptions that require a high degree of management s judgment. 
 We identified the assumptions used in the calculation of the allowance for loan losses specific to the non performing loans over 90 days past due or loans with a forbearance agreement in effect to be a critical audit matter. Management s determination of loan losses requires significant judgments in the fair value of collateral included in appraisals, brokers opinion of values, and publicly available information on market transactions. Auditing these significant judgments involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 36 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Assessing the reasonableness of management s significant assumptions relating to the loan to value ratio by evaluating the fair value of the underlying collateral. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in real estate valuation to assist in assessing the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies, assessing the reasonableness of the comparable real estate sales transactions in the appraisals, and the reasonableness of adjustments made to the comparable real estate sales transactions in the appraisals in evaluating the fair value of the loan collateral. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 
 March 31, 2023 

37 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 in thousands) 

ASSETS 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cash, in banks 

Loan payments in trust 

Loans 

Principal 

Advances 

Accrued interest 

Prepaid interest 

() 

() 

Loan balances secured by deeds of trust 

Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Loan balances secured by deeds of trust, net 

Debt issuance costs, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS CAPITAL 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Payable to related parties (Note 3) 

Line of credit 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 

Members and manager s capital, net 

Receivable from manager (formation loan) 

() 

() 

Members and manager s capital, net of formation loan 

Total liabilities and members capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 38 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 Statements of Income 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Net interest income 

Late fees 

Gain on sale, loans 

Total revenue, net 

Provision for loan losses 

Operations expense 

Mortgage servicing fees to Redwood Mortgage Corp. 

Asset management fees to Redwood Mortgage Corp. 

Costs from Redwood Mortgage Corp., net (Note 3) 

Professional services 

Other 

Total operations expense 

Net income 

Net income 

Members 

Manager 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 39 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 Statements of Changes in Members and Manager's Capital 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 in thousands) 

Members Capital 

Manager s Capital 

Unallocated Organization and Offering Expenses 

Members and Manager s Capital, net 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net income 

Earnings distributed to members 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings distributed used in DRIP 

Members redemptions 

() 

() 

Organization and offering expenses allocated 

() 

Organization and offering expenses repaid by RMC 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

Members Capital 

Manager s Capital 

Unallocated Organization and Offering Expenses 

Members and Manager s Capital, net 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Earnings distributed to members 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings distributed used in DRIP 

Members redemptions 

() 

() 

Organization and offering expenses allocated 

() 

Organization and offering expenses repaid by RMC 

Early withdrawal penalties 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 40 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Operations 

Interest income received 

Interest expense paid 

() 

() 

Late fees and other loan income (expense) 

() 

Operations expense 

() 

() 

Total cash provided by operations 

Investing loans 

Loans funded 

() 

() 

Principal collected 

Loans transferred from related mortgage fund 

() 

() 

Loans transferred to related mortgage funds 

Loans sold to non-affiliate 

Advances funded 

() 

() 

Promissory note funded to related party 

() 

Promissory note repaid by related party 

Total cash provided by investing 

Financing 

Members and manager's capital 

Distributions to members and manager 

Earnings distributed, net of DRIP 

() 

() 

Redemptions, net of early withdrawal penalties 

() 

() 

Total distributions to members and manager 

() 

() 

Organization and offering expenses repaid by RMC, net 

Early withdrawal penalties 

() 

Cash used in members' and manager's capital 

() 

() 

Line of credit 

Advances 

Repayments 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Cash provided by (used in) line of credit 

() 

Formation loan collected 

Total cash used in financing 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Non-cash financing activities for 2022 and 2021 include earnings distributed to the dividend reinvestment plan of million and million respectively. 
 Non-cash financing activities for 2022 include manager withdrawals of approximately thousand which will be paid in 2023. The amount is included on the balance sheet at December 31, 2022 as a payable to related parties. Non-cash financing activities for 2021 include manager withdrawals of approximately thousand which were paid in January 2022. The amount is included on the balance sheet at December 31, 2021 as a payable to related parties. 
 Non-cash financing activities for 2021 include early withdrawal penalties of approximately thousand which reduced members capital by approximately thousand, as these amounts were applied to unallocated organizational and offering expenses and the formation loan in the amount of approximately thousand. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

41 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 in thousands) 

Reconciliation of net income to total cash provided by operations 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations 

Gain on sale, loans 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Loan payments in trust 

() 

Accrued interest 

() 

Prepaid interest 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Payable to related parties 

Total adjustments 

() 

Total cash provided by operations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 42 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 Notes to Financ ial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 percent of the profits and losses of the company and to fees and reimbursements of qualifying costs as specified in the Operating Agreement. The company s primary investment objectives are to: yield a favorable rate of return from the company s business of making and/or investing in loans; 

 preserve and protect the company s capital by making and/or investing in loans secured by California real estate, preferably income-producing properties geographically situated in the San Francisco Bay Area and the coastal metropolitan regions of Southern California; and 

 generate and distribute cash flow from these mortgage lending and investing activities. 

 Net income (or loss) is allocated among the members according to their respective capital accounts after one percent of the net income (or loss) is allocated to the manager. The company s net income, cash available for distribution, and net-distribution rate fluctuates depending on: loan origination volume and the balance of capital available to lend; 

 the current and future interest rates negotiated with borrowers; 

 line of credit advances, repayments and the interest rate thereon; 

 loan sales to unaffiliated third parties, and any gains received thereon; 

 the amount of fees and cost reimbursements to RMC; 

 the timing and amount of other operating expenses, including expenses for professional services; 

 the timing and amount of payments from RMC on the formation loan; and 

 fee and/or cost reimbursements waived, if any, from RMC. 

 Federal and state income taxes are the obligation of the members, other than the annual California franchise tax and the California LLC gross receipts tax. The tax basis in the net assets of the company differs from book basis by the amount of the allowance for loan losses. The ongoing sources of funds for loans are the proceeds (net of redemption of members capital and operating expenses) from: loan payoffs; 

 borrowers monthly principal and interest payments; 

 line of credit advances; 

 loan sales to unaffiliated third parties; 

 payments from RMC on the outstanding balance of the formation loan; and 

 sale of units to members participating in the dividend reinvestment plan. 

 The company intends to hold until maturity the loans in which it invests and does not presently intend to invest in mortgage loans primarily for the purpose of reselling such loans in the ordinary course of business; however, the company may sell mortgage loans (or fractional interests therein) when the manager determines that it appears to be advantageous for the company to do so, based upon then current interest rates, the length of time that the loan has been held by the company, the company s credit risk and concentration risk and the overall investment objectives of the company. Loans sold to third parties may be sold for par, at a premium or, in the case of non-performing or under performing loans, at a discount. Company loans may be sold to third parties or to the manager or its related mortgage funds; however, any loan sold to the manager or a related mortgage fund will be sold for a purchase price equal to the greater of (i) the par value of the loan or (ii) the fair market value of the loan. The manager will not receive commissions or broker fees with respect to loan sales conducted for the company; however, selling loans will increase members capital available for investing in new loans for which the manager will earn brokerage fees and other forms of compensation. The company s business is neither dependent on any one, nor concentrated with a few, major borrowers, investors, or lenders. Distribution policy/Distribution reinvestment plan DRIP . Cash available for distribution means cash flow from operations (excluding repayments for loan principal and other capital transaction proceeds) less amounts set aside for creation or restoration of reserves. The manager may withhold from cash otherwise distributable to the members with respect to any period the respective amounts of organization and offering expenses O O expenses allocated to the members accounts for the applicable period pursuant to the company s reimbursement to RMC and allocation to members accounts of O O expenses. The amount otherwise distributable, less the respective amounts of O O expenses allocated to members, is the net distribution. Pursuant to the terms of the Operating Agreement, cash available for distribution to the members is allocated among the members in proportion to their percentage interests (except with respect to differences in the amounts of O O expenses allocated to the respective members during the applicable period) and in proportion to the number of days during the applicable month that they owned such percentage interests. (See Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements for a detailed discussion on the allocation of O O expenses to members accounts.) Cash available for distributions allocable to members who have elected to receive distributions is disbursed at the end of each calendar month. The manager s allocable share of cash available for distribution is also distributed not more frequently than cash distributions to members. The distribution reinvestment plan provision of the Operating Agreement permits members to elect to have all or a portion of their monthly distributions reinvested in the purchase of additional units. Cash available for distributions allocable to members who have elected to participate in the DRIP is distributed and reinvested in units at each month end. In May 2019, the company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC (SEC File No. 333-231333) that went effective May 9, 2019, to offer up to million units million) to members of record as of April 30, 2019 who had previously elected to participate in the DRIP or who later provide written notice to the manager electing to participate in the DRIP, in those states in which approval has been obtained. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate gross proceeds from sales of units to members under the company's DRIP pursuant to the May 2019 Form S-3 Registration Statement is approximately million. As of December 31, 2022 , the difference between earnings allocated to members capital accounts and net income available to members was approximately thousand, and is expected to be offset by future earnings in excess of net distributions in 2023. Liquidity and unit redemption program There are substantial restrictions on transferability of units, and there is no established public trading and/or secondary market for the units and none is expected to develop. In order to provide liquidity to members, the Operating Agreement includes a unit redemption program, whereby a member may redeem all or part of their units, subject to certain limitations. The price paid for redeemed units is based on the lesser of the purchase price paid by the redeeming member or the member s capital account balance as of the date of each redemption payment. Redemption value for other than DRIP units - is calculated based on the period from date of purchase as follows: after one year of the purchase price or of the capital balance, whichever is less; after two years ; after three years ; after four years ; and after five years . The company redeems units quarterly, subject to certain limitations as provided for in the Operating Agreement. The maximum number of units which may be redeemed per quarter per individual member shall not exceed the greater of (i) thousand units, or (ii) of the member s total outstanding units. For redemption requests requiring more than one quarter to fully redeem, the percentage discount amount if any, that applies when the redemption payments begin continues to apply throughout the redemption period and applies to all units covered by such redemption request regardless of when the final redemption payment is made. The company has not established a cash reserve from which to fund redemptions. The company s capacity to redeem units upon request is limited by the availability of cash and the company s cash flow. The manager also has the right, in its sole discretion, at any time, to reject any request for redemption, or to suspend or terminate the acceptance of new redemption requests without prior notice, or to terminate, suspend or amend the unit redemption program upon 30-day notice. Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, the company will not, in any calendar year, redeem more than five percent of the weighted average number of units outstanding during the twelve-month period immediately prior to the date of the redemption; however, the manager may, but is not required to, waive this limitation if it deems it in the best interest of the company. In the event unit withdrawal requests exceed in any calendar year, and are held by the company, units will be redeemed in the order of priority provided in the Operating Agreement. The manager may, in its sole discretion, waive any applicable holding periods or penalties in the event of the death of a member or other exigent circumstances or if the manager believes such wavier is in the best interests of the company. Effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. The manager has no present intention to exercise its discretionary power to waive or modify the enforcement of the annual redemptions limitation in the foreseeable future. Manager s interest If a manager is removed, withdrawn or terminated, the company will pay to the manager all amounts then accrued and due to the manager. Additionally, the company will terminate the manager s interest in the company s profits, losses, distributions and capital by payment of an amount in cash equal to the then-present fair value of such interest. Term of the company The term of the company will terminate on December 31, 2038 unless: (i) the term is further extended by RMC with the affirmative consent of a majority interest of the members; or (ii) the company is earlier terminated pursuant to the Operating Agreement or by operation of law. The initial term of RMI IX was extended through December 31, 2038 by an affirmative vote of the member units outstanding, following which RMC's board of directors approved the adoption of the Second Amendment, dated March 11, 2022, to the Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of RMI IX. 

 45 
 
 REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

approaches to estimating value: 1) market comparables or sales approach; 2) cost to replace; and 3) capitalized cash flows or income approach. These approaches may or may not result in a common, single value. The market-comparables approach may yield several different values depending on certain basic assumptions, including the consideration of adjustments made for any attributes specific to the real property. Management has the requisite familiarity with the real estate markets it lends in and of the specific properties lent on to analyze sales-comparables and assess their suitability/applicability. Management is acquainted with market participants investors, developers, brokers, lenders that are useful, relevant secondary sources of data and information regarding valuation and valuation variability. These secondary sources may have familiarity with and perspectives on pending transactions, successful strategies to optimize value and the history and details of specific properties on and off the market that enhance the process and analysis that is particularly and principally germane to establishing value in distressed markets and/or property types. 
 thousand. The bank or banks in which funds are deposited are reviewed periodically for their general creditworthiness/investment grade credit rating. (See Note 5 (Line of Credit) for compensating balance arrangements). 
 days delinquent continue to recognize interest income as long as the loan is in the process of collection and is considered to be well-secured. Non-performing loans are placed on non-accrual status if 180 days delinquent or earlier if management determines that the primary source of repayment will come from the foreclosure and subsequent sale of the collateral securing the loan (which usually occurs when a notice of sale is filed) or when the loan is no longer considered well-secured. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, the accrual of interest is discontinued for accounting purposes only; however, previously recorded interest is not reversed. A loan may return to accrual status when all delinquent interest and principal payments become current in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Late fees are recognized in the period received. The company may fund a specific loan net of an interest reserve one to to insure timely interest payments at the inception of the loan. Any interest reserve is amortized over the period that the amount is prepaid. In the event of an early loan payoff, any unapplied interest reserves would be first applied to any accrued but unpaid interest and then as a reduction to the principal. In the normal course of the company s operating activities, performing loans that are maturing or have matured may be renewed at then current market rates of interest and terms for new loans. From time to time, the manager negotiates and enters into loan modifications with borrowers whose loans are delinquent (non-performing). If a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and a loan modification were to result in an economic concession to the borrower (i.e., a significant delay or reduction in cash flows compared to the original note), the modification is deemed a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). The company funds loans with the intent to hold the loans until maturity. From time to time the company may sell certain loans when the manager determines it to be in the best interest of the company. Loans are classified as held-for-sale once a decision has been made to sell loans and the loans held-for-sale have been identified. Loans classified as held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Pursuant to California regulatory requirements, borrower payments are deposited into a trust account established by RMC with an independent bank (and are presented on the balance sheet as Loan payments in trust ). Funds are disbursed to the company as collected which can range from same day for wire transfers and up to two weeks after deposit for checks. 
 If based upon current information and events, it is deemed probable the company will not collect substantially all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement, then a loan is designated as impaired. An insignificant delay or insignificant shortfall in the amount of payments does not constitute non-performance with the contractual terms of the original loan agreement if the manager expects to collect the amounts due including interest accrued at the contractual interest rate for the period of delay. In determining the probability that the borrower will not substantially perform according to the terms of the original loan agreement, the manager considers the following: payment status if payments are in arrears 90+ days (typically 3 payments past due) loans are designated impaired unless resolution of the delinquency is forthcoming without significant delay; 

 bankruptcy if the borrower files bankruptcy, the loan is designated impaired; 

 notice of sale if the company files a notice of sale, the loan is designated impaired. 

 Payments on loans designated impaired are applied in the following order: late fees, accrued interest, advances, and lastly to principal. For loans that are deemed collateral dependent for repayment, a provision for loan losses is recorded to adjust the allowance for loan losses (principal and/or recorded interest) in an amount such that the net carrying amount (unpaid principal plus recorded interest, less the specific allowance) is reduced to the lower of the loan balance or the estimated fair value of the related collateral, net of any costs to sell and net of any senior debt and claims. The company charges off uncollectible loans and related receivables directly to the allowance account once it is determined the full amount is not collectible. Any amounts collected after a charge off is deemed a recovery of loan losses. If the loan goes to foreclosure, an updated appraisal is ordered and the recorded investment in the loan is adjusted to the net realizable value of the REO to be acquired. The adjustment is made to the specific reserve in the allowance for loan losses by a charge or a credit to the provision for loan losses. 

of the net income or loss of the company. RMC - at its sole discretion - collected less than the maximum allowable reimbursement of qualifying costs attributable to RMI IX (Costs from RMC on the Statements of Income), which increased the net income, cash available for distribution, and the net-distribution rate. The cost-reimbursement waivers in 2022 and 2021 by RMC were not made for the purpose of providing RMI IX with sufficient funds to satisfy any required level of distributions, as the Operating Agreement has no such required level of distributions, nor to meet withdrawal requests. Mortgage servicing fees The manager is entitled to receive a servicing fee of up to one-quarter of one percent annually of secured loan principal. The mortgage servicing fees are accrued monthly on all loans. Remittance to RMC is made monthly unless the loan has been assigned a specific loss reserve, at which point remittance is deferred until the specific loss reserve is no longer required, or the property securing the loan has been acquired by the company. Asset management fees The manager is entitled to receive a monthly asset management fee for managing RMI IX s assets, liabilities, and operations in an amount up to three-quarters of one percent annually of the portion of the capital originally committed to investment in mortgages, not including leverage, and including up to two percent of working capital reserves. Costs from RMC The manager is entitled to request reimbursement for operations expense incurred on behalf of RMI IX, including without limitation, RMC s personnel and non-personnel costs incurred for qualifying business activities, including investor services, accounting, tax and data processing, postage and out-of-pocket general and administration expenses. Qualifying personnel/compensation costs and consulting fees are tracked by business activity, and then costs of qualifying activities are allocated to RMI IX pro-rata based on the percentage of RMI IX s members capital to the total capital of all related mortgage funds managed by RMC. Certain other non-personnel, qualifying costs such as postage and out-of-pocket general and administrative expenses can be tracked by RMC as specifically attributable to RMI IX; other non-personnel, qualifying costs (e.g., RMC s accounting and audit fees, legal fees and expenses, occupancy, and insurance premiums) are allocated pro-rata based on the percentage of RMI s members capital to total capital of the related mortgage funds managed by RMC. The amount of qualifying costs attributable to RMI IX incurred by RMC was approximately thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The reimbursement of costs from RMC waived was approximately thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total costs reimbursed to RMC by RMI IX were approximately thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan Administrative Fees The manager is entitled to receive a loan administrative fee of up to one percent of the principal amount of each new loan funded or acquired for services rendered in connection with the selection and underwriting of loans payable upon the closing or acquisition of each loan. Since August 2015, RMC, at its sole discretion, has waived loan administrative fees on new originations. The total amount of loan administrative fees waived was approximately thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Commissions and fees paid by the borrowers to RMC - Brokerage commissions, loan originations For fees in connection with the review, selection, evaluation and negotiation of loans (including extensions), RMC may collect a loan brokerage commission that is expected to range from approximately to of the principal amount of each loan made during the year. Total loan brokerage commissions are limited to an amount not to exceed of the total company assets per year. The loan brokerage commissions are paid by the borrowers to RMC, and thus are not an expense of the company. Loan brokerage commissions paid by the borrowers to RMC approximated thousand and thousand for 2022 and 2021, respectively. - Other fees RMC receives fees for processing, notary, document preparation, credit investigation, reconveyance and other mortgage related fees. The amounts received are customary for comparable services in the geographical area where the property securing the loan is located, payable solely by the borrower and not by the company. Formation loan Commissions for unit sales to new members paid to broker-dealers B/D sales commissions and premiums paid to certain investors upon the purchase of units were paid by RMC and were not paid directly by RMI IX out of unit-sales proceeds. Instead, RMI IX advanced to RMC amounts sufficient to pay the B/D sales commissions and premiums to be paid to investors. Such advances in total were not to exceed seven percent of offering proceeds. The receivable arising from the advances is unsecured and non-interest bearing and is referred to as the formation loan. When offerings of units to new members ended on April 30, 2019, such advances totaled approximately million, of which approximately million remains outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

Payments received from RMC 

() 

() 

Early withdrawal penalties applied 

() 

Balance, December 31 

In March 2022, the Operating Agreement was amended to extend the term for the repayment of the formation loan to December 2038 to coincide with the extended term of the company. In accordance with the amended Operating Agreement, the formation loan is repayable by RMC in annual installments of approximately thousand which may be paid by RMC either in full on December 31st of each calendar year during the term of the company (each, an Annual Payment Date or in four equal quarterly installments beginning on the Annual Payment Date and continuing thereafter on the last day of each calendar quarter in the following year. Any amount of the formation loan balance remaining unpaid on the last day of the company term, is payable in full on that date. The primary source of repayment of the formation loan are the loan brokerage commissions earned by RMC. The formation loan is forgiven if the manager is removed and RMC is no longer receiving payments for services rendered. As such, the formation loan is presented as contra equity. Redemptions of members capital 

With penalty 

Total 

Early withdrawal penalties 

At December 31, 2022, scheduled redemptions of members' capital were approximately million, all of which is scheduled for payment in 2023, subject to the limitations discussed in the following paragraphs. Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, unless waived by the manager, the company will not redeem in any calendar year more than five percent (5.0 and in any calendar quarter one and one-quarter percent (1.25 of the weighted average number of units outstanding in the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to the date of redemption. Aggregate redemption requests for the calendar quarters in 2022 exce eded the 1.25 limitation; however, the manager elected to waive the quarterly limitation rather than withhold the excess redemption amount and pay the unfulfilled redemption requests in future periods. Total redemptions in 2022 were million, which exceeded the limitation of approximately million. Total redemptions in 2021 were million, which exceeded the annual redemption limit of million. Effective March 31, 2023, the manager intends to strictly adhere to the quarterly and annual members capital redemption limitations as described in the company s Operating Agreement. The manager has no present intention to exercise its discretionary power to waive or modify the enforcement of the annual redemptions limitation in the foreseeable future. Total redemption requests scheduled for March 31, 2023 approximate million, which amount exceeds the quarterly limitation of thousand. Accordingly, the redemption requests will be honored in the following order of priority: first, to redemptions upon the death of a member, which total thousand; and 

 next, to other redemption requests until all other requests for redemption have been met. 

 All redemption requests shall be honored on a pro rata basis, based on the amount of redemption requests received in and/or carried over from the preceding quarter. The redemptions to be paid, net of the redemptions to be paid based on the death of a member, on March 31, 2023, will be approximately thousand or forty-five percent (45 of redemption requests scheduled. Redemption requests scheduled but not paid at March 31, 2023, are carried forward to subsequent quarters until paid. Organization and offering expenses The manager was reimbursed for O O expenses incurred in connection with the organization of the company and the offering of the units of membership interest including, without limitation, attorneys fees, accounting fees, printing costs and other selling expenses (other than sales commissions) in a total amount not exceeding of the original purchase price of all units (other than DRIP units) sold in all offerings (hereafter, the maximum O O expenses ). RMC paid the O O expenses in excess of the maximum O O expenses. The O O expenses incurred by RMI IX are allocated to the members as follows - that a member holds units (other than DRIP units), the O O expenses incurred by RMI IX are allocated to and debited from that member s capital account in an annual amount equal to of the member s original purchase price for those units, in equal quarterly installments of each commencing with the later of the first calendar quarter of 2016 or the first full calendar quarter after a member s purchase of units, and continuing through 40 calendar quarters or the quarter in which such units are redeemed. 

O O expenses allocated 

() 

() 

O O expenses paid by RMC (1) 

() 

() 

Early withdrawal penalties applied (2) 

() 

Balance, December 31 

(1) thousand. 

 (2) 

Other related party transactions - Payable to/receivable from related parties From time to time, in the normal course of business operations, the company may have payables to and/or receivables from related parties. At December 31, 2022 , the payable to related party balance of approximately thousand consisted of accounts payable of approximately thousand to the manager and thousand to a related mortgage fund. The related party transactions were settled in March, 2023. At December 31, 2021 , the payable to related party balance of approximately thousand consisted of accounts payable to the manager of thousand, which was partially offset by a receivable due from the manager of thousand. The receivable was received from the manager and the payable was paid to the manager in March, 2022. - Loan transactions with related parties In the ordinary course of business, performing loans may be transferred by executed assignment, in-part or in-full, between the RMC managed mortgage funds at par value, which approximates market value. In 2022 , a related mortgage fund transferred to RMI IX performing loans with aggregate principal of approximately million in-full at par value, which approximates fair value. In 2021 , a related mortgage fund transferred to RMI IX performing loans with aggregate principal of approximately million in-full at par value, which approximates fair value. RMI IX paid cash for the loans and the related mortgage fund has no continuing obligation or involvement with the loans. In 2021 , RMI IX transferred to related mortgage fund(s) performing loans with aggregate principal of approximately million in-full at par value, which approximates fair value. The related mortgage fund(s) paid cash for the loans and RMI IX has no continuing obligation or involvement with the loans. loans were transferred to related mortgage funds in 2022 - Promissory note funded to/repaid by related parties On April 15, 2022, the company loaned million to a related party. This amount was utilized by the related party to fund a mortgage loan made by the related party in the amount of million, which mortgage loan was secured by a deed of trust encumbering a real property consisting of six (6) tenancy-in-common units (each, a TIC Unit ). At the time the mortgage loan was made, one of the TIC Units was in contract for sale with a scheduled closing date of April 18, 2022 and the mortgage loan borrower had agreed to utilize the net proceeds of the sale of the TIC Unit to pay down the mortgage loan in exchange for a partial release of the deed of trust securing the mortgage loan Release Proceeds ). The note evidencing the loan by the company to the related party accrued interest at the same rate of as the mortgage loan and the company s loan to the related party was secured by a pledge of all payments received by the related party under the mortgage loan, including the Release Proceeds. The note matured on April 30, 2022. The Release Proceeds were received by the related party on April 18, 2022 and thereafter all principal and interest due to the company under its note from the related party was paid in full. 

 of the company's 45 loans (representing of the aggregate principal of the company s loan portfolio) have a loan term of five years or less. The remaining loans have terms longer than . Substantially all loans are written without a prepayment penalty provision. As of December 31, 2022, of the loans outstanding (representing of the aggregate principal balance of the company's loan portfolio) provide for monthly payments of interest only, with the principal due at maturity. The remaining loans require monthly payments of principal and interest, typically calculated on a -year amortization schedule, with the remaining principal due at maturity. Secured loans unpaid principal balance (principal) 

Loans funded 

Principal collected (1) 

() 

() 

Loans transferred from related mortgage fund 

Loans transferred to related mortgage funds 

() 

Loans sold to non-affiliate 

() 

() 

Principal, end of period 

(1) thousand at December 31, 2022 , offset by principal collected and held in trust of approximately thousand at December 31, 2021 which was disbursed to the company in January 2022. Principal collected in 2021 includes principal collected and held in trust of approximately thousand at December 31, 2021 offset by principal collected and held in trust of approximately thousand at December 31, 2020 which was disbursed to the company in January 2021. 

During 2022 and 2021 , the company renewed and maturing (or matured) loans with aggregate principal of approximately million and million, respectively, which are not included in the activity shown in the table above. The loans have an average extension period of approximately and in 2022 and 2021. The loans were current and deemed well collateralized (i.e., the LTV at the time of extension was within the company's lending guidelines). Additionally, interest rates charged to borrowers may be adjusted in conjunction with the loan extensions to reflect current market conditions. The company funds loans with the intent to hold the loans until maturity, although from time to time the company may sell certain loans when the manager determines it to be in the best interest of the company. In 2022 , loans with principal of approximately million were sold to unaffiliated third-parties. After commission to third parties, the company recognized a gain of approximately thousand. In 2021 , loans with aggregate principal of approximately million were sold to unaffiliated third parties, for an amount that approximated the loan balance at the time of sale. Pursuant to California regulatory requirements, borrower payments are deposited into a trust account established by RMC with an independent bank (and are presented on the balance sheet as Loan payments in trust ). Funds are disbursed to the company as collected which can range from same day for wire transfers and up to two weeks after deposit for checks. Loan payments in trust at December 31, 2022, were disbursed to the company s account by January 13, 2023. Loan payments in trust at December 31, 2021 were disbursed to the company s account by January 14, 2022. Loan characteristics 

Secured loans principal 

Secured loans lowest interest rate (fixed) 

Secured loans highest interest rate (fixed) 

Average secured loan principal 

Average principal as percent of total principal 

Average principal as percent of members and manager's capital, net 

Average principal as percent of total assets 

Largest secured loan principal 

Largest principal as percent of total principal 

Largest principal as percent of members and manager's capital, net 

Largest principal as percent of total assets 

Smallest secured loan principal 

Smallest principal as percent of total principal 

Smallest principal as percent of members and manager's capital, net 

Smallest principal as percent of total assets 

Number of California counties where security is located 

Largest percentage of principal in one California county 

Number of secured loans with prepaid interest 

Prepaid interest 

As of December 31, 2022, the company s largest loan with principal of million is secured by an office property located in Santa Clara county, bears an interest rate of and matures on . As of December 31, 2022, the loan was performing and in first lien position. As of December 31, 2022 , the company had commitments to lend outstanding and had construction or rehabilitation loans outstanding. Distribution of secured loans - principal by California counties 

San Mateo 

Santa Clara 

Alameda 

Contra Costa 

Napa 

Other Northern California 

Placer 

Tehama 

Butte 

Northern California Total 

Los Angeles Coastal 

Los Angeles 

Orange 

San Diego 

Other Southern California 

San Bernardino 

Southern California Total 

Total principal, secured loans 

(2) 

Property type 

Commercial 

Multi-family 

Land 

Total principal, secured loans 

(3) loans with principal of million that are owner occupied and loans with principal of million that are non-owner occupied. At December 31, 2021, single family property type consisted of loans with principal of approximately million that are owner occupied and loans with principal of approximately million that are non-owner occupied. 

Lien position 

Second trust deeds 

Total principal, secured loans 

Liens due other lenders at loan closing 

Total debt 

Appraised property value at loan closing 

Percent of total debt to appraised values (LTV) at loan closing (4) 

(4) 

Scheduled maturities/Secured loans - principal 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total scheduled maturities 

Matured as of December 31, 2022 

Total principal, secured loans 

Scheduled maturities are presented based on the most recent in-effect agreement with the borrower, including forbearance agreements. As a result, matured loans at December 31, 2022, for the scheduled maturities table above may differ from the same captions in the tables of delinquencies and payment in arears presented below that do not consider forbearance agreements. For matured loans, the company may continue to accept payments while pursuing collection of principal or while negotiating an extension of the loan s maturity date. It is the company s experience that the timing of future cash receipts from secured loans will differ from scheduled maturities. Delinquency/secured loans 

Past Due 

30-89 days 

90-179 days 

180 or more days 

Total past due 

Total principal, secured loans 

Secured loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 had principal payments in arrears totaling approximately million loans) and million loans), respectively, and interest payments in arrears totaling approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. 

90-179 days (4-6 payments) 

180 or more days (more than 6 payments) 

Total past due 

(5) thousand on non-accrual loans with monthly payments in arrears. December 2022 interest is due and is not included in the payments in arrears at December 31, 2022 . 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was one loan with a forbearance agreement in effect with principal of thousand, included in the table above as 180 or more days delinquent, which was not deemed to be a troubled debt restructuring. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the company had no loan payment modification/workout agreements with borrowers. 

Principal 

Advances 

Accrued interest (6) 

Total recorded investment 

Foregone interest 

(6) thousand and thousand was recognized for the loans in the non-accrual status for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amortized cost basis of loans in non-accrual status with specific allowance at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is equivalent to the entire balance of loans in non-accrual status since there is no specific allowance recorded for any loan. 

Secured loans are placed on non-accrual status the first day of the following month after a payment is 180 days delinquent or earlier if management determines that the primary source of repayment will come from the foreclosure and subsequent sale of the collateral securing the loan (which usually occurs when a notice of sale is filed) or when the loan is no longer considered well-secured. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, the accrual of interest is discontinued for accounting purposes only (i.e., foregone interest in the table above); however, previously recorded interest is not reversed. Once the payments are made current, interest income is recognized. At December 31, 2022, loans with aggregate principal of approximately million were 90 days or more past due and were not in non-accrual status. At December 31, 2021 , loans with aggregate principal of approximately million were 90 days or more past due and were not in non-accrual status. Provision/allowance for loan losses and impaired loans Generally, the company has not recorded an allowance for loan losses as all loans have protective equity such that collection is deemed probable for all recorded amounts due on the loan. From time to time, the manager may deem it in the best interest of the company to agree to concessions to borrowers to facilitate a sale of collateral or refinance transactions primarily for secured loans in second lien position. There was no activity in the allowance for loan losses in 2022 and 2021. The balance of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was thousand. 

Principal 

Recorded investment (7) 

Impaired loans without allowance 

Impaired loans with allowance 

Allowance for loan losses, impaired loans 

Weighted average LTV at origination 

(7) 

Interest income recognized 

Interest income received in cash 

Fair Value The following methods and assumptions are used when estimating fair value of secured loans. Secured loans, performing and non-performing not designated as impaired (Level 3) - Each loan is reviewed quarterly for its delinquency, LTV adjusted for the most recent valuation of the underlying collateral, remaining term to maturity, borrower s payment history and other factors. Due to the nature of the company s loans and borrowers, the fair value of loan balances secured by deeds of trust approximates the recorded amount (per the financial statements) due to the following: are of shorter terms at origination than commercial real estate loans by institutional lenders and conventional single-family home mortgage lenders; 

 are written without a prepayment penalty causing uncertainty/a lack of predictability as to the expected duration of the loan; and 

 have limited marketability and are not yet sellable into an established secondary market. 

 Secured loans, designated impaired (Level 3) - The fair value of secured loans designated impaired is the lesser of the fair value of the collateral or the enforceable amount of the note. Secured loans designated impaired are collateral dependent because it is expected that the primary source of repayment will not be from the borrower but rather from the collateral. The fair value of the collateral is determined on a nonrecurring basis by exercise of judgment based on management s experience informed by appraisals (by licensed appraisers), brokers opinion of values and publicly available information on in-market transactions (Level 3 inputs). When the fair value of the collateral exceeds the enforceable amount of the note, the borrower is likely to redeem the note. Accordingly, third party market participants would generally pay the fair value of the collateral, but no more than the enforceable amount of the note. The following methods and assumptions are used to determine the fair value of the collateral securing a loan. Single family - Management s preferred method for determining the fair market value of its single-family residential assets is the sale comparison method. Management primarily obtains sales comparables (comps) via its subscription to the RealQuest service, but also uses free online services such as Zillow.com and other available resources to supplement this data. Sale comps are reviewed and adjusted for similarity to the subject property, examining features such as proximity to subject, number of bedrooms and bathrooms, square footage, sale date, condition and year built. If applicable sale comps are not available or deemed unreliable, management will seek additional information in the form of brokers opinions of value or appraisals. Multi-family residential - Management s preferred method for determining the aggregate retail value of its multifamily units is the sale comparison method. Sale comps are typically provided in appraisals, or by realtors who specialize in multi-family residential properties. Sales comps are reviewed for similarity to the subject property, examining features such as proximity to subject, rental income, number of units, composition of units by the number of bedrooms and bathrooms, square footage, condition, amenities and year built. Management s secondary method for valuing its multifamily assets as income-producing rental operations is the direct capitalization method. In order to determine market cap rates for properties of the same class and location as the subject, management refers to published data from reliable third-party sources such as the CBRE Cap Rate Survey. Management applies the appropriate cap rate to the subject s most recent available annual net operating income to determine the property s value as an income-producing project. When adequate sale comps are not available or reliable net operating income information is not available or the project is under development or is under-performing to market, management will seek additional information and analysis to determine the cost to improve and the intrinsic fair value and/or management will seek additional information in the form of brokers opinion of value or appraisals. Commercial - Management s preferred method for determining the fair value of its commercial buildings is the sale comparison method. Sale comps are typically provided in appraisals, or by realtors who specialize in commercial properties. Sale comps are reviewed for similarity to the subject property, examining features such as proximity to subject, rental income, number of units, composition of units, common areas, and year built. Management s secondary method for valuing its commercial buildings is the direct capitalization method. In order to determine market cap rates for properties of the same class and location as the subject, management refers to reputable third-party sources such as the CBRE Cap Rate Survey. Management then applies the appropriate cap rate to the subject s most recent available annual net operating income to determine the property s value as an income-producing commercial rental project. When adequate sale comps are not available or reliable net operating income information is not available or the project is under development or is under-performing to market, management will seek additional information and analysis to determine the cost to improve and the intrinsic fair value and/or management will seek additional information in the form of brokers opinion of value or appraisals. Commercial land - Commercial land has many variations/uses, thus requiring management to employ a variety of methods depending upon the unique characteristics of the subject land, including a determination of its highest and best use. Management may rely on information in the form of a sale comparison analysis (where adequate sale comps are available), brokers opinion of value, or appraisal. 

Draws 

Repayments 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 

Line of credit - average daily balance 

In March 2020, RMI IX entered into a revolving line of credit and term loan agreement with Western Alliance Bank bank which is governed by the terms of the Business Loan Agreement (Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan Agreement) between the bank and company original credit agreement ), which was as amended and modified by the First Loan Modification Agreement made effective March 4, 2022 (the modification agreement and together with the original credit agreement, the credit agreement of 2022 ). Under the terms of the credit agreement of 2022, RMI IX can borrow up to a maximum principal of million subject to a borrowing base calculation set forth in the credit agreement and the amounts advanced under the credit agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in the notes and deeds of trust of the pledged loans in the borrowing base. The maturity date is March 13, 2024 when all amounts outstanding are then due. RMI IX Prior to the modification agreement, ). The modification agreement replaced LIBOR as the reference rate under the credit agreement with the 30-day American Interbank Offered Rate Term -30 Index published for loans in United States Dollars by the American Financial Exchange Ameribor ). Following the modification agreement, interest on the outstanding principal under the credit line is payable monthly and accrues at the annual rate that is the greater of: (i) the Ameribor Rate plus three and one-quarter percent and (ii) five percent ). The fair value of the balance on the line of credit is deemed to approximate the recorded amount because the reference rate plus and the other terms and conditions, including the term, of the Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan Agreement are reflective of market rate terms (Level 2 inputs). If the company does not maintain the required compensating balance with a minimum daily average of million for the calendar quarter, the interest rate automatically increases by one-quarter of one percent above that rate which would otherwise be applicable for the next calendar quarter retroactive to the beginning of the calendar quarter in which the compensating balance is not maintained. At December 31, 2022 , the interest rate was seven and fourteen one-hundredths percent ). For each calendar quarter during which the aggregate average daily outstanding principal is less than fifty percent of the maximum principal of 10 million, there is a quarterly unused line fee equal to one-half of one percent per annum of the average daily difference between the average principal outstanding and fifty percent of the maximum principal of million ). Advances on the line of credit are to be used exclusively to fund secured loans. The credit agreement provides for customary financial and borrowing base reporting by the company to the bank and specifies that the company shall maintain (i) minimum tangible net worth of million, net of amounts due from related companies; (ii) debt service coverage ratio at all times of not less than to ; and (iii) loan payment delinquency of less than ten percent at calendar quarter-end, calculated as the principal of loans with payments over 61-days past due as determined by the bank s guidance, less loan loss allowances, divided by total principal of the company s loans. The credit agreement provides that in the event the credit payment delinquency rate exceeds 10.0 as of the end of any quarter, the bank will cease to make any further advances but agrees not to accelerate repayment of the loan. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, agg regate principal of pledged loans was approximately million an d million , respectively, with a maximum allowed advance thereon of approximately million, subject to the borrowing base calculation. The debt issuance costs from the original credit agreement were fully amortized in March 2022. Debt issuance costs of approximately thousand from the modification agreement are being amortized over the two-year term of the modification agreement. Amortized debt issuance costs included in interest expense approximated thousand and thousand for 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

61 

Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The company is externally managed by RMC. The manager is responsible for managing the business and affairs of the company, subject to the voting rights of the members on specified matters. The manager acting alone has the power and authority to act for and bind the company. RMC provides the personnel and services necessary for us to conduct our business, as we have no employees of our own. 
 As a limited liability company, RMI IX does not have a board of directors, nor, therefore, do we have an audit committee of the board of directors. The manager, however, provides the equivalent functions of a board of directors and of an audit committee for, among other things, the following purposes: 
 appointment, compensation, and review and oversight of the work of our independent public accountants; and 

establishing and maintaining internal controls over our financial reporting. 

RMC, as the manager, carried out an evaluation, with the participation of RMC's President (acting as principal executive officer/principal financial officer) of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the manager's controls and procedures over financial reporting and disclosure (as defined in Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act) as of and for the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, RMC's principal executive officer/principal financial officer concluded that the manager's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Manager s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 RMC, as the manager, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting; as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. RMC, with the participation of RMC's principal executive officer/principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of the manager's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on those criteria, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes to internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the manager s or company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B Othe r Information 
 None. 
 The company is externally managed by RMC and has no officers or directors of its own and, thus, the partnership has no Rule 10b5-1 plan or other trading arrangements. There was no adoption, modification or termination of any Rule 10b5-1 plan or other trading arrangements by directors and officers of RMC during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 Part III 
 62 

Item 10 Directors, Executive O fficers and Corporate Governance 
 The company is externally managed by Redwood Mortgage Corp. RMC or the manager ). The manager is responsible for managing the business and affairs of the company, subject to the voting rights of the members on specified matters. The manager acting alone has the power and authority to act for and bind the company. RMC provides the personnel and services necessary for us to conduct our business as we have no employees of our own. 
 The mortgage loans the company funds and/or invests in are arranged and generally are serviced by RMC. 
 The rights, duties and powers of the members and manager of the company are governed by the company s Operating Agreement, the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and the California Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company Act. Members should refer to the company s Operating Agreement for complete disclosure of its provisions. Members representing a majority of the outstanding units may, without the concurrence of the manager, vote to: 
 dissolve the company; 

amend the Operating Agreement, subject to certain limitations; 

approve or disapprove the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the company; or 

remove or replace the manager. 

Where there is only one manager, a majority in interest of the members is required to elect a new manager to continue the company business after a manager ceases to be a manager due to its withdrawal. 
 The company does not have a board of directors or an audit committee. Accordingly, the manager serves the equivalent function of an audit committee for, among other things, the following purposes: appointment, compensation, review and oversight of the work of our independent public accountants, and establishing and enforcing of the Code of Ethics. Since the company does not have an audit committee and the manager is not independent of the company, the company does not have an audit committee financial expert. 
 The Manager 
 Redwood Mortgage Corp. Redwood Mortgage Corp. is a licensed real estate broker incorporated in 1978 under the laws of the State of California, and is engaged primarily in the business of arranging and servicing mortgage loans. Redwood Mortgage Corp. acts as the loan broker and servicing agent in connection with loans, as it has done on behalf of several other affiliate mortgage funds formed by the manager. 
 Officers and Directors of RMC 
 Michael R. Burwell. Michael R. Burwell, age 66, President, Secretary/Treasurer and Director, Redwood Mortgage Corp. (1979-present); Director, Secretary and Treasurer A B Financial Services, Inc. (1980-2009); President, Director, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Gymno Corporation (1986-September 2011) and, the manager of Gymno LLC, the entity into which Gymno Corporation was converted (September 2011- June 30, 2015); President, Director, Secretary and Treasurer of The Redwood Group, Ltd. (1979-September 2011); past member of Board of Trustees and Treasurer, Mortgage Brokers Institute (1984-1986). Mr. Burwell is licensed as a real estate sales person. Mr. Burwell was a general partner of each of the RMI, RMI II, RMI III, RMI IV, RMI V, RMI VI, and RMI VII limited partnerships. Mr. Burwell is a general partner of RMI VIII limited partnership. Mr. Burwell attended the University of California, at Davis from 1975-1979, playing NCAA soccer for three seasons. Michael R. Burwell is the brother of Thomas R. Burwell. 
 Lorene A. Randich. Lorene A. Randich, age 65, has served as a Director of Redwood Mortgage Corp. since November 2011. Ms. Randich joined Redwood Mortgage Corp. in 1991 and retired on December 31, 2020 as Executive Vice President of Lending Operations. Ms. Randich held the real estate broker s license of record for Redwood Mortgage Corp. from November 2011 through the third quarter of 2019. Ms. Randich has been a licensed real estate broker since 1996. She is a member of the National Association of Mortgage Brokers, the California Mortgage Bankers Association, the California Association of Mortgage Professionals (past Board Member San Francisco/Peninsula Chapter) and the California Mortgage Association (Board Member and immediate past Education Committee Chair). Ms. Randich received a BA from the University of California at Berkeley in 1980. In addition to Ms. Randich s service on the company Board of Directors, Ms. Randich continues her association with Redwood Mortgage Corp. as a Broker-Associate. Ms. Randich also offers mortgage industry consulting services through her firm, Bay Laurel Financial. 
 Thomas R. Burwell. Thomas R. Burwell, age 55, joined Redwood Mortgage Corp. in 2007 and has served as Marketing and Sales Director since 2012; Loan Officer-Builder Division Wells Fargo Bank, N.A (Westwood, CA 2005-2007); Loan Officer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (Beverly Hills 2004-2005); Loan Officer Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (New York, NY 2002-2004). Mr. Burwell is a member of the Financial Planning Association, San Francisco, CA. Mr. Burwell received a BA from the University of California at Davis in 1990. Mr. Burwell is a former ATP (Association of Tennis Professionals) world tour professional and was a NCAA Team and Individual Finalist, Team Captain, (Three-time) All-American, #1 Singles and #1 Doubles Player for University of California at Davis. Thomas R. Burwell is the brother of Michael R. Burwell. 
 63 

Code of Ethics 
 Since the company has no employees of its own and it is operated by the employees and independent contractors retained by RMC, the company has not adopted a Code of Ethics or insider trading policies and procedures that govern the purchase, sale or other disposition of company securities by directors, officers and employees that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations. RMC has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its general partners and to any agents, employees or independent contractors engaged by the general partners to perform the functions of a principal chief executive officer, a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller of the company, if any. This Code of Ethics is designed to promote (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between the agents, employees or independent contractors of RMC and the companies it manages, such as the company, (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that RMC, on behalf of the companies it manages, files with, or submits to, the SEC and in other public communications made by RMC's personal and professional relationships, (iii) compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, (iv) the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Ethics, (v) accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics and (vi) promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations. 
 The Code of Ethics is attached hereto as Exhibit 14.1. You may obtain a copy of this Code of Ethics, without charge, upon request by calling our Investor Services Department at (650) 365-5341, option 5. 
 Item 11 Executi ve Compensation 
 As indicated above in Item 10, the company is externally managed and has no officers or directors and therefore the company does not pay any compensation directly to any named executive officers of the company for the services provided to the company. The manager is solely responsible for managing the business and affairs of the company, subject to the voting rights of the members on specified matters. 
 Compensation of the manager 
 RMC is the manager of the company. The mortgage loans the company invests in are arranged and are generally serviced by RMC. Michael R. Burwell is the president and majority shareholder (through his holdings and beneficial interests in certain trusts) of RMC. 
 See Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report which presents detail as to amounts received by the manager from the company in 2022 and 2021, including brokerage commissions related to loan originations, which presentation is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 Since the company has no, and never had, named employees, there are no unexercised options for any named employees nor are there units of membership interest that have not vested or equity incentive plan awards for named employees outstanding currently or as of December 31, 2022. The company has not awarded RMC - nor any RMC employee, officer, or director - any options, units of membership interest that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards. 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control 
 Neither RMC nor the company is obligated by a contract or other agreement to make any payments or provide benefits to any person in the event of a termination of such person's employment with the Manager or upon a change-in-control of RMC or the company. 
 Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 During or after 2022 the company was not required to prepare an accounting restatement that required recovery of erroneously awarded compensation to (i) the manager or (ii) any person or entity, and there was no outstanding balances as of the end of the last completed fiscal year of erroneously awarded compensation to (i) the manager or (ii) any person or entity recovered from a prior restatement. 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Since the company has no, and never had, employees, the company does not have, and never had, a shareholder approved equity compensation plan or a non-shareholder approved equity compensation plan. 
 64 

No person or entity owns beneficially more than five percent (5 of the units. The manager does not own any units, but has, per the Operating Agreement, made capital contributions of one-tenth of one percent (0.1 of the aggregate capital accounts of the members, and is allocated one percent (1 of the net income and losses of the company. 
 The company is not aware of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of company securities, the operation of which may result in a change in control of the company. 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Note 1 (Organization and General) and Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the Financial Statements in Part II item 8, presents detail as to certain relationships and related transactions and related party fees, which presentation is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The company is managed externally and does not have any directors, including the equivalent of independent directors, or employees. Since the company has no board of directors or employees, there is no separately designated compensation, nominating or audit committee, except that the Board of Directors of RMC acts as the Audit Committee of RMI IX. In 2022, there were no transactions involving the lesser of 120 thousand or 1 of total assets with RMC or any other arguably related parties (other than payments to RMC as discussed herein). Note 3 (Manager and Other Related Parties) to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report presents detail as to amounts received by the manager in 2022 and 2021. 
 Item 14 Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 Fees for services performed for the company by the principal accountant for 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 Audit Fees. The aggregate fees during 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered for the audit of the company s annual financial statements included in the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, review of financial statements included in the company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and for services provided in connection with regulatory filings were approximately 218 thousand and 188 thousand, respectively. 
 Audit Related Fees. There were no fees billed for audit related services by the principal accountants during 2022 and 2021. 
 Tax fees. There were no fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountants during 2022 and 2021 for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 
 All Other Fees. There were no other fees billed for any other products and services provided by the principal accountants during 2022 and 2021. 
 The company is managed externally and does not have an audit committee. All audit and non-audit services are approved by the manager s board of directors acting as the Audit Committee of RMI IX prior to the accountant being engaged by the company. 
 65 

Part IV 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Fin ancial Statement Schedules 
 A. Documents filed as part of this report are incorporated: 
 1. In Part II, Item 8 

2. None. 

3. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (included as Appendix A to the prospectus). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Formation 

3.3 
 
 First Amendment to Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC dated June 20, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of June 20, 2018, (File No. 000-55601) incorporated herein by reference). 

3.4 
 
 Second Amendment to Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC dated effective March 11, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of March 11, 2022, (File No. 000-55601) incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 
 Subscription Agreement and Power of Attorney, including Special Notice for California Residents 

10.1 
 
 Form of Distribution Reinvestment Plan 

10.2 
 
 Loan Servicing Agreement 

10.3 
 
 Form of Note 

10.4 
 
 Form of Deed of Trust 

10.5 
 
 Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement 

10.6 
 
 Form of Advisory Agreement 

10.7 
 
 Form of Formation Loan Promissory Note 

10.8 
 
 First Loan Modification Agreement dated as of March 4, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of March 11, 2022, (File No. 000-55601) incorporated herein by reference) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Manager pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Manager pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Report by Redwood Mortgage Corp. of the estimated fair value at December 31, 2022 of a unit of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

66 

Incorporated by reference to the item under the corresponding exhibit number in the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (File no. 000-55601). 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in the registrant s registration statement on Form 8-A12B filed March 25, 2016 (File no. 000-55601). 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 in the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (File no. 000-55601). 
 Item 16 F orm 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 67 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 
 Redwood Mortgage Corp., Manager 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael R. Burwell 

Name: 
 
 Michael R. Burwell 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary/Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity indicated on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Michael R. Burwell 
 
 President, Secretary/Treasurer Redwood Mortgage Corp. 

Michael R. Burwell 
 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer); Director of Redwood Mortgage Corp. 

/s/ Lorene A. Randich 
 
 Director of Redwood Mortgage Corp. 

Lorene A. Randich 

/s/ Thomas R. Burwell 
 
 Director of Redwood Mortgage Corp. 

Thomas R. Burwell 

68 

<EX-14>
 2
 ck0001448038-ex14_1.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14 

Exhibit 14.1 
 
 REDWOOD MORTGAGE INVESTORS IX, LLC 

CODE OF ETHICS 

Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and its manager, Redwood Mortgage Corp., a California corporation Manager ), hereby adopt the following code of ethics for the Company Code effective as of May 19, 2020 Effective Date ). 
 
 PURPOSE APPLICATION 
 
 Purpose . The purpose of this Code is to promote each of the following with respect to the Company and each of its Covered Parties (as defined below): 
 Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

Full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that a registrant files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and in other public communications made by the Company and that are within the Covered Parties' responsibility; 

Compliance with applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations; 

The prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code; and 

Accountability for adherence to the Code. 

Application . This Code applies to the Manager and to any agents, employees or independent contractors engaged by the Manager to perform the functions of a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller of the Company (each, a Covered Party , and, collectively, the Covered Parties .) 1 The individuals that are currently Covered Parties of the Company are listed on Exhibit A hereto. The Manager is hereby authorized to amend Exhibit A from time to time to the extent necessary to accurately reflect the then current Covered Parties of the Company. 
 
 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 Overview . Each Covered Party should adhere to a high standard of business ethics and should be sensitive to situations that may give rise to actual as well as apparent conflicts of interest. A conflict of interest occurs when a Covered Party's private interest interferes with the interests of, or his or her service to, the Company. For example, a conflict of interest would arise if a Covered Party, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position with the Company or the Manager. The following list provides examples of conflicts of interest under the Code, but Covered Parties should keep in mind that these examples are not exhaustive. 
 
 Guiding Principles . The overarching principle is that the personal interest of a Covered Party should not be placed improperly before the interest of the Company. 
 
 1.	A Covered Party must not use his or her personal influence or personal relationships to influence investment decisions or financial reporting by the Company whereby the Covered Party would benefit personally to the detriment of the Company. 
 1 The Company has no officers or directors. Rather, the activities of the Company are managed by the Manager and the officers, directors and authorized employees thereof. 

2.	A Covered Party must not cause the Company to take action, or fail to take action, for the individual personal benefit of the Covered Party rather than the benefit the Company. 
 3.	A Covered Party must not retaliate against any other Covered Party or any employee of the Company, the Manager or their affiliated persons for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith. 
 
 Disclosure of Potential Conflicts . Each Covered Party shall provide prompt and full disclosure to the board of directors of Redwood Mortgage Corp., or a committee thereof assigned the task of overseeing this Code (such board of directors or committee thereof, as applicable, is referred to herein as the Board ), in writing, prior to entering into any material transaction or relationship which may reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict. Here are some ways a conflict of interest could arise: 
 
 Employment of a Covered Party by a competitor, or potential competitor, regardless of the nature of the employment, while employed by the Company or the Manager; 

Acceptance by a Covered Party of gifts, payment or services from those seeking to do business with the Company; or 

Ownership by a Covered Party of, or substantial interest in, a company that is a competitor, client or supplier of the Company. 

DISCLOSURE AND COMPLIANCE 
 
 1.	Each Covered Party should familiarize himself or herself with the disclosure requirements generally applicable to the Company. 
 2.	Covered Parties should maintain skills appropriate and necessary for the performance of their duties for the Company. Covered Parties should responsibly use and control all Company assets entrusted to them. 
 3.	Each Covered Party should, to the extent appropriate within his or her area of responsibility, consult with other employees or agents of the Company, the Manager or their affiliates with the goal of promoting full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in such reports and documents the Company files with, or submits to, the SEC. 
 4.	To the extent that Covered Parties participate in the creation of the Company's books and records, they must do so in a way that promotes the accuracy, fairness and timeliness of those records. 
 5.	Each Covered Party should not knowingly misrepresent, or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Company to others, whether within or outside the Company, including to the Company's auditors, and to governmental regulators and self-regulatory organizations. 
 6.	It is the responsibility of each Covered Party to promote compliance with the standards and restrictions imposed by laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company. 
 7.	Each Covered Officer shall notify the Board promptly if he or she knows of any violation of this Code. Failure to do so is itself a violation of this Code. 
 
 REPORTING AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
 
 Upon adoption of the Code (or thereafter as applicable, upon becoming a Covered Party), each Covered Party shall affirm in writing to the Board that he or she has received, read and understands the 

Code. Thereafter each Covered Party shall, upon request by the Board, affirm that he or she has complied with the requirements of the Code. 
 Except as described below, the Board is responsible for applying this Code to specific situations in which questions may arise and has authority to interpret this Code in any particular situation. The Board (or its designee) shall take all action it considers appropriate to investigate any actual or potential conflicts or violations reported to it. 
 The Board will have primary authority and responsibility for the enforcement of this Code. 
 
 TERM TERMINATION 
 
 This Code has been approved by the Board and duly adopted by the Manager as of the Effective Date and shall be effective from the Effective Date until the dissolution and termination of the Company or the earlier termination of the Code by the Manager. The Manager may elect to review and renew this Code on an annual or other periodic basis, however, failure to do so will not cause its termination or affect the continued applicability of the Code to any Covered Party during any period of nonrenewal. 
 
 AMENDMENT 
 
 Any amendments to this Code must be approved by the Board and ratified by the Manager, and any such amendment, other than amendments to Exhibit A , and any waivers, including implicit waivers, granted hereunder shall be disclosed in accordance with applicable law including the rules and regulations of the SEC, as applicable. 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 All reports and records prepared or maintained pursuant to this Code will be considered confidential and shall be maintained and protected accordingly. Except as otherwise required by law or this Code, such matters shall not be disclosed to anyone other than the Manager, and the Board. 
 
 INTERNAL USE 
 
 The Code is intended solely for the internal use by the Company and does not constitute an admission, by or on behalf of the Company, as to any fact, circumstance or legal conclusion. 
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 Individuals Covered by this Code of Ethics 

Name 
 Title 

Michael Burwell 
 President Executive 

Lori Randich 
 Vice President 

Thomas Burwell 
 Director of Marketing Sales 

</EX-14>

<EX-23>
 3
 ck0001448038-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC 
 San Mateo, California 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-231333) of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the financial statements which appears in this Form 10 K. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 San Francisco, CA 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0001448038-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 PRESIDENT S CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael R. Burwell, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Michael R. Burwell 

Michael R. Burwell, President, 

(principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

Redwood Mortgage Corp., 

Manager 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0001448038-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael R. Burwell, certify that to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC and will be retained by Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Michael R. Burwell 

Michael R. Burwell, President, 

(principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

Redwood Mortgage Corp., 

Manager 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 6
 ck0001448038-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

Exhibit 99.1 

Redwood Mortgage Corp., Manager 
 March 30, 2023 

Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, a Delaware Limited Liability Company 
 Fair Value per Unit 
 December 31, 2022 
 Background 
 Redwood Mortgage Corp. (RMC or the manager) obtained information regarding the fair value of a unit of member s interest and of net assets at December 31, 2022 (the valuation date) for Redwood Mortgage Investors IX, a Delaware Limited Liability Company (RMI IX or the company). An independent valuation firm that provides asset valuations to retirement plan sponsors, plan administrators, banking and trust companies, and ERISA plans performed the unit value analysis in accordance with scope criteria, objectives and an overall approach set by RMC. The purpose of their valuation was to provide an opinion of the fair value of a unit of membership interest, which is determined principally by the fair value of the commercial mortgage loans held in portfolio and the liquidity available to the members, inclusive of redemption price and distribution factors. The firm understood that the valuation report would be used by the manager for financial and regulatory reporting purposes, specifically FINRA Rule 2310 and NASD Rule 2340. 
 As of the valuation date, RMI IX had total assets with a book value of approximately 77.9 million 82.1 million in 2021), the primary components of which were 5.1 million in cash and 72.5 million in secured-loans principal 1 million and 81.1 million in 2021, respectively). 
 As of the valuation date, the balance on the line of credit was 9.9 million 8.5 million in 2021), members and manager's capital was 70.8 million 76.8 million in 2021) and the formation loan balance was 3.1 million 3.4 million in 2021). 
 Fair Value of a Unit of Membership Interest for RMI IX 
 Based on the analysis summarized below, RMC concurred with the firm s conclusion that the fair value of a unit of membership interest, as of the valuation date, is 1.00, as the unit price at redemption is capped at 1.00 per unit per the RMI IX Operating Agreement. 
 RMI IX membership units have restrictions on transferability and redemptions, including a minimum investment period of five years and a maximum total annual redemption of five percent (5 of beginning members capital. The company s operating agreement provides that members may withdraw all or a portion of their capital accounts in quarterly installments or longer, as determined by RMC in light of the company s cash flow and subject to the 5 annual maximum for the company. There is also a limited right of liquidation for an investor s heirs upon an investor s death. The company has established a cash reserve but it is not specifically allocated to fund withdrawals and, accordingly, the company s capacity to return capital is subject to the availability of cash. A members capital account continues to receive distributions equal to its pro-rata share of the company s net income in the period during which the balance is being redeemed. 

Redwood Mortgage Investors IX Per Unit Fair Value 
 Page | 2 

Valuation of the Commercial Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
 The fair value of the loan portfolio approximates the book value as evidenced by the gains on sale net of the cost to sell for the loan sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019. In those sales the acquiring bank selected loans to be purchased from a list of loans offered for sale. It is noted that RMI IX s loans: 
 - Are of shorter terms at origination than commercial real estate loans by institutional lenders; 

- Are written without a prepayment penalty causing uncertainty/lack of predictability as the expected duration of the loan; and 

- Have limited marketability and are not yet sellable into an established secondary market. 

RMC projects credit losses at the time of loan funding to be zero dollars due to the low LTV s at origination and the location of the collateral in favorable real estate markets (San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles, coastal Southern California primarily). Management reviews the values of collateral periodically to validate the protective equity. 
 
 Sources of Information 
 RMC provided financial and other information to the firm and it accessed other information from various public, financial, and industry sources. The principal sources of information used in performing the valuation included the following: 
 Draft Form 10-K for 2022 and the as filed Forms 10-K for 2021 and 2020 

Historical capital contributions and redemptions 

The Operating Agreement (ninth amended and restated), and 

Discussions with Management regarding the historical and expected future performance of RMI IX, as well as related information contained in management reports. 

Procedures and Analytic Approaches 
 The firm performed the following customary procedures: 
 Received a description of the subject items; 

Reviewed the methodologies used to estimate the fair value of the loan portfolio; 

Considered the commercial-mortgage-loan sales data. 

The valuation firm primarily utilized the cost or book value analysis. Book value may approximate fair value for assets or liabilities with a relatively short term to maturity, provided there is little or no risk of material changes before maturity and the disparity between the assets or liabilities current rate and that of the quoted market rate is minimal. Any mark-to-market adjustment for these short-term assets or liabilities would presumably be immaterial. 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 ck0001448038-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck0001448038-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ck0001448038-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001448038-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ck0001448038-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

