<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_902791_0000950170-23-006131.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17736151</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178349</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3446517</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8173724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1878832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3634840</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006131.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306090133
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000902791
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				520812977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21886
		FILM NUMBER:		23707737

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8100 NE PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98662
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 494-5669

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8100 NE PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98662

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006131.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 bbsi-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS Employer 

incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant: at June 30, 2022 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

Class 
 Outstanding at February 20, 2023 

Common Stock, Par Value .01 Per Share 
 Shares 

BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 20 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 20 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 23 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 30 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 31 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 59 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 59 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 62 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 62 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 62 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 62 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 62 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 62 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 63 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 66 

Signatures 
 
 67 

1 
 
 PA RT I 
 Item 1.	 BUSINESS 
 General 
 Company Background 
 Barrett Business Services, Inc. BBSI, the Company, our or we ), is a leading provider of business management solutions for small and mid-sized companies. The Company has developed a management platform that integrates a knowledge-based approach from the management consulting industry with tools from the human resource outsourcing industry. This platform, through the effective leveraging of human capital, helps our business owner clients run their businesses more effectively. We believe this platform, delivered through a decentralized organizational structure, differentiates BBSI from our competitors. BBSI was incorporated in Maryland in 1965. 
 Certain statements below contain forward-looking information that is subject to risks and uncertainties. See Forward-Looking Information in Item 7 of Part II of this report and Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this report. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our strategy is to align local operations teams with the mission of small and mid-sized business owners, driving value to their business. To do so, BBSI: 
 partners with business owners to leverage their investment in human capital through a high-touch, results-oriented approach; 

brings predictability to each client organization through a three-tiered management platform; and 

enables business owners to focus on their core business by reducing organizational complexity and maximizing productivity. 

Business Organization 
 We operate a decentralized delivery model using operationally-focused business teams, typically located within 50 miles of our client companies. These teams are led by senior level business generalists and include senior level professionals with expertise in human resources, organizational development, risk mitigation and workplace safety, recruiting, and various types of administration, including payroll and benefits. These teams are responsible for growth and profitability of their operations, and for providing strategic leadership, guidance and expert consultation to our client companies. The decentralized structure fosters autonomous decision-making in which business teams deliver plans that closely align with the objectives of each business owner client. We support clients with a local presence in 68 markets throughout the United States. 
 2 
 
 Services Overview 
 BBSI s core purpose is to advocate for business owners, particularly in the small and mid-sized business segment. Our evolution from an entrepreneurially run company to a professionally managed organization has helped to form our view that all businesses experience inflection points at key stages of growth. The insights gained through our own growth, along with the trends we see in working with more than 7,770 companies each day, define our approach to guiding business owners through the challenges associated with being an employer. BBSI s business teams align with each business owner client through a structured three-tiered progression. In doing so, business teams focus on the objectives of each business owner and deliver planning, guidance and resources in support of those objectives. 
 Tier 1: Tactical Alignment 
 The first stage focuses on the mutual setting of expectations and is essential to a successful client relationship. It begins with a process of assessment and discovery in which the business owner s business objectives, attitudes, and culture are aligned with BBSI s processes, controls and culture. This stage includes an implementation process, which addresses the administrative components of employment. 
 Tier 2: Dynamic Relationship 
 The second stage of the relationship emphasizes organizational development as a means of achieving each client s business objectives. There is a focus on process improvement, development of best practices, supervisor training and leadership development. 
 Tier 3: Strategic Counsel 
 With an emphasis on advocacy on behalf of the business owner, the third stage of the relationship is more strategic and forward-looking with a goal of cultivating an environment in which all efforts are directed by the mission and long-term objectives of the business owner. 
 In addition to serving as a resource and guide, BBSI can provide workers compensation coverage as a means of meeting statutory requirements and protecting our clients from employment-related injury claims. Through our third-party administrators, we provide claims management services for our clients. We work to manage and reduce job injury claims, identify fraudulent claims and structure optimal work programs, including modified duty. 
 Categories of Services 
 We report financial results in two categories of services: Professional Employer Services PEO and Staffing. See Item 7 of Part II of this Report for information regarding the percentages of total net revenues provided by our PEO and staffing services for each of the last three fiscal years, and our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Report for information regarding revenues, net income and total assets in our single reportable segment. 
 PEO 
 We enter into a client services agreement to establish a co-employment relationship with each client company, assuming responsibility for payroll, payroll taxes, workers compensation coverage (if elected) and certain other administrative functions for the client s existing workforce. We provide our PEO clients access to human resource advisors, retirement plans, a learning management system and our web-based technology platform, myBBSI. In addition, we're launching our fully-insured health and welfare benefits offering in 2023. 
 We refer to employees of our PEO clients as worksite employees WSEs ). The client maintains physical care, custody and control of the WSEs, including the authority to hire and terminate employees. During 2022, we supported in excess of 7,700 PEO clients with total average WSEs of 122,001. 
 
 3 
 
 Staffing and Recruiting 
 Our staffing services include on-demand or short-term staffing assignments, contract staffing, direct placement, and long-term or indefinite-term on-site management. On-site management employees are BBSI management employees who are based on the client-site and whose jobs are to assist BBSI staffing employees. Our recruiting experts maintain a deep network of professionals from which we source candidates. Through an assessment process, we gain an understanding of the short and long-term needs of our clients, allowing us to identify and source the right talent for each position. We then conduct a rigorous screening process to help ensure a successful hire. 
 Clients and Client Contracts 
 Our PEO business is typically characterized by long-term relationships that result in recurring revenue. The terms and conditions applicable to our client relationships are set forth in a client services agreement, which typically provides for an initial term of one year with renewal for additional one-year periods, but generally permits cancellation by either party upon 30 days written notice. In addition, in most cases we may terminate the agreement at any time for certain breaches of contract, including nonpayment or failure to follow our workplace safety recommendations. 
 The PEO client services agreement also provides for indemnification by the client against losses arising out of any default by the client under the agreement, including failure to comply with any employment-related, health and safety, or immigration laws or regulations. Our client service agreement requires that clients enter a co-employment arrangement and maintain comprehensive liability coverage in the amount of 1.0 million for acts of their employees. It is nevertheless possible that claims not satisfied or covered through indemnification or insurance may be asserted against us, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We have PEO client services agreements with a diverse array of customers, including electronics manufacturers, various light-manufacturing industries, agriculture-based companies, transportation and shipping enterprises, food processors, telecommunications companies, public utilities, general contractors in various construction-related fields, restaurant franchises, and professional services firms. None of our clients individually represented more than 1 of our total revenues in 2022. 
 Market Opportunity 
 As a PEO that aligns with the mission of business owners by providing resources and guidance to small and mid-size businesses, BBSI believes its growth is driven by the desire of business owners to focus on mission-critical functions, reduce complexity associated with the employment function, mitigate costs and maximize their investment in human capital. Our integrated management platform has enabled us to capitalize on these needs within the small to mid-size business sector. 
 The small and mid sized business segment is particularly attractive because: 
 it is large, continues to offer significant growth opportunity and remains underserved by professional services companies; 

it typically has fewer in-house resources than larger businesses and, as a result, is generally more dependent on external resources; 

we generally experience a relatively high client retention rate and lower client acquisition costs within this market segment; and 

we have found that small to mid-sized businesses are responsive to quality of service when selecting a PEO or staffing services provider. 

4 
 
 Competition 
 The business environment in which we operate is characterized by intense competition and fragmentation. BBSI is not aware of reliable statistics regarding the number of its competitors, but certain large, well-known companies typically compete with us in the same markets and have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including Automatic Data Processing, Inc., ManpowerGroup, Inc., Kelly Services, Inc., Insperity, Inc., TriNet Group, Inc., Robert Half International Inc. and Paychex, Inc. We face additional competition from regional providers and we may in the future also face competition from new entrants to the field, including other staffing services companies, payroll processing companies and insurance companies. The principal competitive factors in the business environment in which we operate are price and level of service. 
 We believe that our growth is attributable to our ability to provide small and mid-sized companies with the resources and knowledge base of a large employer delivered through a local operations team. Our level of integration with each client business provides us an additional competitive advantage. 
 Technology Platform 
 Our client-facing technology platform, myBBSI, includes both internally developed and licensed software which gives our clients a wide range of tools, including the ability to process payroll, collect and process time and attendance information, manage human resource information including employee onboarding and termination, as well as compensation, benefits, and payroll tax reporting. 
 Growth Strategy 
 We believe our clients are one of our best advocates and powerful drivers of referral-based growth. In each market, operations teams provide expertise, consultation and support to our clients, driving growth and supporting retention. We anticipate that by adding business teams to existing branches, we can achieve incremental growth in those markets, driven by our reputation and by client referrals. In most markets, business development efforts are led by area managers and are further supported by business development managers. 
 Our business growth has three primary sources: referrals from existing clients, direct business-to-business sales efforts by our area managers and business development managers, and an extensive referral network. Partners in our referral network include insurance brokers, financial advisors, attorneys, CPA s, and other business professionals who can facilitate an introduction to prospective clients. These referral partners facilitate introductions to business owners on our behalf, typically in exchange for a fee equal to a small percentage of payroll. 
 We see two key drivers to our growth: 
 Increase market share in existing markets. We seek to support, strengthen and expand branch office operations through the ongoing development of business teams. We believe that strengthening and expanding the operations of each location is an efficient and effective means of increasing market share in the geographic areas in which we do business, and that our business teams serve a dual purpose: 1) Delivering high-quality service to our clients, thereby supporting client business growth and retention, and driving client referrals, and 2) Incubating talent at the branch level to support expansion into new markets. 

Penetrate new markets. We intend to expand our geographic presence as opportunities arise. We continue to refine our approach to geographic expansion, which now includes an asset-light entry to new markets until sufficient scale is reached to warrant a physical office location. As part of this effort to expand geographically, we have become licensed to provide PEO services nationwide. 

Workers Compensation 
 Through our client services agreement, BBSI can provide workers compensation coverage to its clients. We provide this coverage through a variety of methods, all of which are subject to rigorous underwriting to 
 5 
 
 assess financial stability, risk factors and cultural alignment related to safety and the client s desire to improve their operations. In providing this coverage, we are responsible for complying with applicable statutory requirements for workers' compensation coverage. 
 Risk mitigation is also an important contributor to our principal goal of helping business owners operate their business more efficiently. It is in the mutual interests of the client and BBSI to commit to workplace safety and risk mitigation. We maintain clear guidelines for our area managers and risk management consultants, directly tying their continued employment to their diligence in understanding and addressing the risks of accident or injury associated with the industries in which client companies operate and in monitoring clients compliance with workplace safety requirements. 
 Elements of Workers' Compensation System 
 State law (and for certain types of employees, federal law) generally mandates that an employer reimburse its employees for the costs of medical care and other specified benefits for injuries or illnesses, including catastrophic injuries and fatalities, incurred in the course and scope of employment. Most states require employers to maintain workers' compensation insurance or otherwise demonstrate financial responsibility to meet workers' compensation obligations to employees. The benefits payable for various categories of claims are determined by state regulation and vary with the severity and nature of the injury or illness and other specified factors. In return for this guaranteed protection, workers' compensation is an exclusive remedy and employees are generally precluded from seeking other damages from their employer for workplace injuries. In many states, employers who meet certain financial and other requirements are permitted to self-insure. 
 Insured Program 
 The Company provides workers compensation coverage for client employees primarily through arrangements with fully licensed, third-party insurers (the insured program ). Under this program, carriers issue policies or afford coverage to the Company s clients under a program maintained by the Company. Approximately 83 of the Company s workers compensation exposure is covered through the insured program. 
 The Company entered into a new arrangement for its insured program effective July 1, 2021, whereby third-party insurers assumed all risk of loss for claims incurred from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022 (the 2021-2022 Policy ). The 2021-2022 Policy allows for premium adjustments depending on overall policy performance. If claims develop favorably, BBSI can participate in the savings up to 20.0 million for the twelve-month policy period. If claims develop adversely, additional premium may be charged up to 7.5 million for the twelve-month policy period. 
 Effective July 1, 2022, the Company renewed the arrangement for its insured program, which now continues through June 30, 2023 (the 2022-2023 Policy ). Under the renewed arrangement, the Company can participate in savings up to 22.5 million for the twelve-month policy period. For the 2022-2023 Policy, no additional premium may be charged if claims develop adversely. The 2022-2023 Policy includes a renewal commitment through June 30, 2024. 
 For claims incurred under the insured program prior to July 1, 2021, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first 3.0 million per occurrence on policies issued after June 30, 2020 and 5.0 million per occurrence on policies issued before that date. 
 On June 29, 2020, the Company entered into a loss portfolio transfer agreement LPT 1 to remove all outstanding workers compensation claims obligations for claims incurred under its insured program between February 1, 2014 and December 31, 2017. This transaction reduced the Company s outstanding workers compensation liabilities and trust account balances by 115.7 million. 
 6 
 
 On June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a loss portfolio transfer agreement LPT 2 to remove all remaining outstanding workers compensation claims obligations for client policies issued under its insured program up to June 30, 2018. This transaction reduced the Company s outstanding workers compensation liabilities by 53.1 million. 
 Self-Insured Programs 
 The Company is a self-insured employer with respect to workers' compensation coverage for all employees, including employees of PEO clients that elect to participate in our workers compensation program, working in Colorado, Maryland and Oregon. In the state of Washington, state law allows only the Company's staffing services and internal management employees to be covered under the Company's self-insured workers' compensation program. The Company also operates a wholly owned, fully licensed insurance company, Ecole, which provides workers compensation coverage to client employees working in Arizona and Utah. Approximately 17 of the Company s workers compensation exposure is covered through self-insurance or Ecole (the self-insured programs ). 
 For all claims incurred under the Company s self-insured programs, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first 3.0 million per occurrence, except in Maryland and Colorado, where the Company s retention per occurrence is 1.0 million and 2.0 million, respectively. For claims incurred under the Company s self-insured programs prior to July 1, 2020, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first 5.0 million per occurrence, except in Maryland and Colorado, where the retention per occurrence is 1.0 million and 2.0 million, respectively. 
 Claims Management 
 As a result of our status as a self-insured employer in four states and our remaining retention arrangements, our workers' compensation expense is tied directly to the incidence and severity of covered workplace injuries. We seek to contain our workers' compensation costs through a comprehensive approach to claims management. We use managed-care systems to reduce medical costs and keep time-loss costs to a minimum by assigning injured workers, whenever possible, to short-term assignments which accommodate the workers' physical limitations. We believe that these assignments minimize both time actually lost from work and covered time-loss costs. We engage a third-party claims administrator TPA to provide the primary claims management expertise. Typical claims management procedures include performing thorough and prompt on-site investigations of claims filed by employees, working with physicians to encourage efficient medical management of cases, denying questionable claims and attempting to negotiate early settlements to eliminate future adverse development of claims costs. We also maintain a corporate-wide pre-employment drug screening program and a post-injury drug test program. We believe our claims management program has resulted in a reduction in the frequency of fraudulent claims and in accidents in which the use of illicit drugs appears to have been a contributing factor. 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 127,141 total employees, including 122,306 WSEs under our PEO client service agreements, 4,029 staffing services employees, 802 managerial, sales and administrative employees (together, management employees ), and 4 executive officers. The number of employees at any given time may vary significantly due to business conditions at customer or client companies. We believe our employee relations with management employees are good. 
 BBSI believes that making significant investments in the best management employee talent available allows us to leverage the value of this investment many times over. Additionally, we believe our Company s success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain our workforce. As such, we strive to be an employer of choice and promote the health, welfare and safety of our employees. This involves promoting diversity and treating all employees with dignity and respect, while providing our management employees with fair, market-based, competitive and equitable compensation. 
 We motivate our management employees through a compensation package that includes a competitive base salary and the opportunity for profit sharing. At the branch level, profit sharing is in direct correlation to client WSE growth and workers compensation claims performance, reinforcing a culture focused on 
 7 
 
 achievement of client goals. We also provide a comprehensive benefits package as well as an employee stock purchase plan. We seek feedback from employees regarding our benefits package through employee surveys. This information is used by management to make improvements as we continuously strive to be an employer of choice. 
 We offer various qualified employee benefit plans to our employees, including those employees for whom we are the administrative employer in a co-employment arrangement with a PEO client that so elects. Employees covered under a PEO arrangement may participate in our 401(k) plan at the sole discretion of the PEO client. Our qualified staffing and management employee benefit plans include our 401(k) plan. Beginning in 2023, qualified employees may enroll upon reaching 21 years of age and completing six months of service. We make matching contributions to the 401(k) plan under a safe harbor provision, which are immediately 100 vested. We match 100 of contributions by management and staffing employees up to 3 of each participating employee's annual compensation and 50 of the employee's contributions up to an additional 2 of annual compensation. 
 We also offer a cafeteria plan under Section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code and group health, life insurance and disability insurance plans to qualified staffing and management employees. Generally, qualified employee benefit plans are subject to provisions of both the Internal Revenue Code and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ). 
 Certain highly compensated employees of the Company are allowed to participate in a nonqualified deferred compensation plan. Under the plan, participants are permitted to defer receipt for income tax purposes of up to 90 of salary and up to 100 of any incentive bonus. Participants earn a return on their deferred compensation based on investment earnings of participant-selected investments. As an incentive to participate in the plan, the Company awards restricted stock units with a value equal to 35 of the amount deferred under the plan, up to a maximum of 75,000 per year. The restricted stock units vest in full on the fifth anniversary of the grant date, contingent on the continued employment of the participant. 
 The Company established a Rabbi trust under which compensation deferred by participants is deposited and held separately from the Company's other assets, subject to the claims of the Company's creditors in the event of its bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Acts subject us to potential penalties unless we offer to our employees minimum essential healthcare coverage that is affordable. Because each PEO client is considered to be the sole employer in the application of any rule or law included within the scope of the Acts, we are not required to offer health care coverage to the WSEs of our PEO clients. However, to comply with the employer mandate provision of the Acts, we offer health care coverage to all eligible staffing employees and management employees eligible for coverage under the Acts. 
 Regulatory and Legislative Environment 
 We are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions within which we operate, including those governing self-insured employers under the workers' compensation systems in Oregon, Maryland, and Colorado, as well as in Washington for staffing and management employees. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing our two wholly owned insurance companies in Arizona. While the specific PEO laws and regulations vary among these jurisdictions, they typically require some form of licensing or registration and often have statutory requirements for workplace safety and notice of change in obligation of workers compensation coverage in the event of contract termination. Although compliance with these requirements imposes some additional financial risk, particularly with respect to those clients who breach their payment obligation to us, such compliance has not had a material adverse effect on our business to date. 
 Our operations are affected by numerous federal and state laws relating to labor, tax and employment matters. Through our client services agreement, we assume certain obligations and responsibilities as the administrative employer under federal and state laws. Since many of these federal and state laws were enacted prior to the development of nontraditional employment relationships, such as professional employer, temporary employment, and outsourcing arrangements, many of these laws do not specifically 
 8 
 
 address the obligations and responsibilities of nontraditional employers. In addition, the definition of employer under these laws is not uniform. 
 As an employer, we are subject to all federal statutes and regulations governing our employer-employee relationships for staffing and management employees. Subject to the discussion of risk factors below, we believe that our operations comply in all material respects with applicable federal statutes and regulations. 
 Due to the nature of our operations, we collect, store, process, use and retain significant amounts of confidential and sensitive personal employee and client information. As such, we are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations associated with data privacy and security. 
 Additional Information 
 Our filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and registration statements, as well as any amendments to these filings, are accessible free of charge at our website at http://www.bbsi.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the SEC. By making this reference to our website, we do not intend to incorporate into this report any information posted on our website. The website should not be considered part of this report. 
 The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that provides access to reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. 
 Item 1A.	RI SK FACTORS 
 In addition to other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. 
 Risks Relating to Workers Compensation 
 Our ability to continue our business operations under our present service model is dependent on maintaining workers' compensation insurance coverage. 
 Our arrangement with fully licensed, third-party insurers under the insured program provides workers compensation coverage to BBSI s PEO clients through June 30, 2023, with committed coverage through June 30, 2024, and the possibility of additional annual renewals. If our fully licensed third-party insurers are unwilling or unable to renew our arrangement in the future, we would need to seek coverage from a small number of alternative insurers. If replacement coverage were unavailable or available only on significantly less favorable terms, our business and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
 We continue to have retention for certain workers' compensation claims incurred prior to July 1, 2021 in the majority of states in which we operate. 
 For claims incurred under the insured program prior to July 1, 2021, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first 3.0 million per occurrence on policies issued after June 30, 2020, and 5.0 million per occurrence on policies issued before that date. 
 For all claims incurred under the Company s self-insured programs, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first 3.0 million per occurrence, except in Maryland and Colorado, where the Company s retention per occurrence is 1.0 million and 2.0 million, respectively. For claims incurred under the Company s self-insured programs prior to July 1, 2020, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first 5.0 million per 
 9 
 
 occurrence, except in Maryland and Colorado, where the retention per occurrence is 1.0 million and 2.0 million, respectively. 
 On June 29, 2020, the Company entered into a loss portfolio transfer agreement LPT 1 to remove all outstanding workers compensation claims obligations for claims incurred under its insured program between February 1, 2014 and December 31, 2017. On June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a loss portfolio transfer agreement LPT 2 to remove all remaining outstanding workers compensation claims obligations for client policies issued under its insured program up to June 30, 2018. 
 Thus, for claims incurred before July 1, 2020, the Company has financial risk for most workers compensation claims under 5.0 million on a per occurrence basis, except for claims transferred under the insured program as part of LPT 1 and LPT 2. For claims incurred between July 1, 2020 and June 30, 2021, the Company has financial risk for most workers' compensation claims under 3.0 million on a per occurrence basis. This level of per occurrence retention may result in higher workers compensation costs to us with a corresponding negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Collateral requirements could increase beyond our ability to satisfy those requirements. 
 The Company is required to provide collateral for its insured program and by certain states related to its current and former status as a self-insured employer. Various factors, including adverse loss experience or a decline in the fair value of investments in our collateral accounts, could cause the counterparties to require that additional collateral be posted. To partially satisfy these collateral requirements, the Company has provided surety bonds and standby letters of credit. If there are significant changes to the market for these credit products, or if we are unable to renew these agreements, we may incur increased costs or be required to deposit additional capital as collateral. 
 Failure to manage the severity and frequency of workplace injuries will increase our workers compensation expenses. 
 Significant increases in the relative frequency or severity of workplace injuries due to failures to accurately assess potential risks or assure implementation of effective safety measures by our clients may result in increased workers compensation claims expenses, with a corresponding negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Technology 
 To succeed, we must constantly improve our technology to meet the expectations of our clients. If we fail to meet those expectations, we may lose clients and harm our business. 
 To attract and retain clients and satisfy their expectations, the software, hardware and networking technologies we use must be frequently and rapidly upgraded, enhanced and improved in response to technological advances, competitive pressures, client expectations, and new and changing laws. Failure to successfully implement technological improvements could result in harm to our reputation, loss of market share, reduced revenue, or client claims against us, any of which could materially harm our business. 
 As we continue to invest in upgrades or replacements to our existing systems, including enhancements and additional security measures, we may incur substantial costs and risks relating to development, installation and implementation, including disruptions in our service offerings or increases in expected costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are dependent upon technology services, and if we experience damage, service interruptions or failures in our computer and telecommunications systems, our client relationships and our ability to attract new clients may be adversely affected. 
 We rely extensively on computer systems, including systems of third-party vendors, to provide service offerings to our clients, manage our branch network, perform employment-related services and 
 10 
 
 accounting and reporting functions, and summarize and analyze our financial results. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from telecommunications failures, power-related outages, third-party disruptions, computer viruses and malicious attacks, security breaches and catastrophic events. If these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage our operations and encounter a loss of client confidence. In addition, our clients businesses may be adversely affected by any system or equipment failure or breach we experience. As a result, we may suffer damage to our reputation, we may lose clients, our ability to attract new clients may be adversely affected, and we could be exposed to contractual liability. 
 We depend on third-party software to provide our services and support our operations. 
 Significant portions of our services and operations rely on software that is licensed from third-party vendors. The fees associated with these license agreements could increase in future periods, resulting in increased operating expenses. If there are significant changes to the terms and conditions of our license agreements, if we are unable to renew these license agreements, if the software is not up to date with current legal requirements and that causes us to be non-compliant, if the software is not updated to meet our needs as our business evolves, or if the software becomes unavailable for any other reason, we may be required to make changes to our vendors or information technology systems. These changes may impact the services we provide to our clients or the processes we have in place to support our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We could be subject to reduced revenues, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation as a result of data theft, cyberattacks or other security vulnerabilities. 
 The nature of our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of personal and proprietary information about thousands of employees and clients. Attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency and sophistication, and we and our third-party vendors are targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. Hardware or applications we develop or procure from third-party vendors may contain defects in design or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access and disable or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we and our third-party vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. While our technology infrastructure is designed to safeguard and protect personal and business information, we have limited ability to monitor the implementation of similar safeguards by our vendors. 
 Any cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, corruption of data, misuse or theft of private or other sensitive information, or inadvertent acts by our own employees, could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or that of our clients. If we experience a significant data security breach, fail to detect and appropriately respond to a significant data security breach, or fail to comply with the various state cybersecurity regulations including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation. These losses may exceed our insurance coverage for such incidents. In addition, our employees and clients could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal and proprietary information, which could cause them to terminate their relationships with us. Any loss of confidence arising from a significant data security breach could hurt our reputation, further damaging our business. 
 11 
 
 Risks Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The Company s business may be negatively affected by outbreaks of disease, such as epidemics or pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization and the United States government declared COVID-19 a pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, preventative actions such as shelter-in-place orders, restrictions on travel, temporary closures of businesses deemed to be high-risk or non-essential, and other government mandates have affected many areas of the country, including states where BBSI and our clients operate, particularly on the West Coast. These restrictions on business operations have significantly disrupted the U.S. economy, including small-and mid-sized businesses, which comprise our primary client base. As our PEO fees are based on client payroll, workforce reductions or shortages related to the pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business. Clients who are impacted by government restrictions and economic disruptions may experience liquidity and other financial issues, which may reduce their capacity to pay for our services. 
 In response to the pandemic, federal and state government agencies have enacted numerous laws and regulatory guidelines designed to help the economy, individuals and employers, including retroactively. Many of these legislative and regulatory changes, including the American Rescue Plan Act enacted on March 11, 2021, directly impact the Company and our clients. Several of these programs, including the Employee Retention Tax Credit ERC use payroll tax credits and other payroll tax-related reductions or deferrals as the mechanism to provide benefits to small businesses and employees. When clients and former clients wish to claim these payroll tax credits, the tax forms must be filed through the PEO. The guidance surrounding these programs is limited and continuously evolving. Failure to appropriately interpret and comply with legal and regulatory changes arising from the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. Additionally, failure to incorporate changes to laws and regulations resulting from COVID-19 into our PEO business model may decrease our ability to attract and retain clients. 
 Additionally, many states have revised their workers compensation standards of coverage to include COVID-19 related illnesses for certain groups of workers. While effects on the Company s workers compensation exposure in the states in which we operate have been limited to date, these changes in laws and regulations or in the pattern of COVID-19 illnesses could increase our exposure to workers compensation claims. 
 As our employees may work from home more frequently and access the Company s systems remotely, the Company may be exposed to heightened security risks, including the risk of cyber-attacks. Additionally, if any of the Company s key management employees are unable to perform their duties for an extended period, including as the result of illness, the Company s business could be adversely affected. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also caused significant volatility and uncertainty in the U.S. economy that may result in another economic downturn, which could in turn lead to increases in workers compensation and unemployment claims, increased unemployment taxes, increased uncollectable receivables and reductions in the value of the Company s investment portfolio. 
 Continuation or exacerbation of the consequences of the pandemic is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, which may also result in our inability to comply with financial covenants under our credit facilities, our inability to obtain necessary additional financing and a decline in stockholder value. 
 12 
 
 Other Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 New service offerings may subject us to additional risks. 
 In August 2022, BBSI announced its plans to make certain fully insured medical and other health and welfare benefits available to qualifying worksite employees beginning in 2023. This new service offering, as well as other potential future service offerings, may introduce additional risks and uncertainties to our business. Our efforts to implement new services may place substantial additional demands on our employees, as well as our information systems and technology platforms. We may also need to invest significant additional resources in our people, processes, controls and information security. Failure to successfully implement new service offerings, including the appropriate controls, policies and procedures, information systems, and data privacy and security, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 New service offerings, including health care benefits, may also introduce additional legislative and regulatory requirements with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt. Violation of such laws and regulations could subject us to fines, penalties, and damages, damage our reputation, constitute a breach of our client agreements, impair our ability to obtain and renew required licenses, and decrease our profitability or competitiveness. If any of these effects were to occur, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 To continue to grow revenues, we are dependent on retaining current clients and attracting new clients. 
 The Company s revenue growth can be volatile and is dependent on same customer sales and the addition of new clients. Revenues increased 10.4 in 2022 and increased 8.4 in 2021. There can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain current levels of revenues. Efforts to achieve business growth intensifies pressure on retaining current clients and attracting increasing numbers of new clients. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with geographic market concentration. 
 Our California operations accounted for approximately 73 of our total revenues in 2022. As a result of the current importance of our California operations and anticipated continued growth from these operations, our profitability over the next several years is expected to be largely dependent on economic and regulatory conditions in California. If California experiences an economic downturn, or if the regulatory environment changes in a way that adversely affects our ability to do business or limits our competitive advantages, our profitability and growth prospects may be materially adversely affected. Similarly, due to our geographic concentration in California, a natural disaster or major event that disrupts these markets or the related workforce could have an immediate and material adverse impact on our operations and profitability. 
 Economic conditions may impact our ability to attract new clients and cause our existing clients to reduce staffing levels or cease operations. 
 Weak economic conditions, including periods of elevated inflation and interest rates, may have a negative impact on small-and mid-sized businesses, which make up the majority of our clients. In turn, these businesses could cut costs, including trimming employees from their payrolls, or closing locations or ceasing operations altogether. If current economic conditions were to weaken further, these forces may result in decreased revenues due both to the downsizing of our current clients and increased difficulties in attracting new clients in a poor economic environment. An economic downturn may also result in additional bad debt expense to the extent that existing clients cease operations or are otherwise unable to meet their financial obligations. Additionally, weak economic conditions may result in higher unemployment, which is correlated with increased workers compensation claims. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 13 
 
 Our staffing business is vulnerable to economic fluctuations. 
 Demand for our staffing services is sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity in the regions in which we do business. As economic activity slows down, companies often reduce their use of temporary employees before undertaking layoffs of permanent staff, resulting in decreased demand for staffing services. On the other hand, during strong economic periods or tight labor markets due to other factors, we often experience shortages of qualified employees to meet customer needs, as occurred during 2022. 
 Because we assume the obligation to make wage, tax and regulatory payments in respect of some employees, we are exposed to client credit risks. 
 We generally assume credit risk associated with our clients employee payroll obligations, including liability for payment of salaries and wages (including payroll taxes), as well as retirement benefits. These obligations are fixed whether or not the client makes payments to us as required by our services agreement. We attempt to mitigate this risk by invoicing our clients at the end of their specific payroll processing cycle. We also carefully monitor the timeliness of our clients' payments and impose strict credit standards on our customers. If we fail to successfully manage our credit risk, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Increases in unemployment claims could raise our state and federal unemployment tax rates that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. 
 During weak economic conditions in our markets, the level of unemployment claims tends to rise as a result of employee layoffs at our clients and lack of work in our temporary staffing pool. The rise in unemployment claims often results in higher state and federal unemployment tax rates, which in most instances cannot be concurrently passed on to our customers either due to existing client services agreements or competitive pricing pressures. Increases in our state and federal unemployment tax rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly in the early part of the calendar year when payroll tax rates are at or near their maximum. 
 If we are unable to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation, our business may suffer. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues, whether actual or perceived, and even when due to dissemination of false information or unfounded perceptions, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. Also, adverse publicity surrounding labor relations, data breaches, SEC investigations, and the like, could negatively affect our overall reputation. Damage to our reputation could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our service agreements may be terminated on short notice, leaving us vulnerable to a significant loss of customers in a short period of time, if business or regulatory conditions change or events occur that negatively affect our reputation. 
 Our client services agreements are generally terminable on 30 days notice by either us or our client. As a result, our clients may terminate their agreement with us at any time, making us particularly vulnerable to changing business or regulatory conditions or changes affecting our reputation or the reputation of our industry. 
 14 
 
 We may be exposed to employment related claims and costs and periodic litigation that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We either co-employ employees in connection with our PEO client services agreements or place our employees in our customers' workplace in connection with our staffing business. As such, we are subject to several risks inherent to our status as the administrative employer, including without limitation: 
 claims of misconduct or negligence on the part of our employees, discrimination or harassment claims against our employees, or claims by our employees of discrimination or harassment by our clients; 

immigration-related claims; 

claims relating to violations of wage, hour and other workplace regulations; 

claims relating to employee benefits, entitlements to employee benefits, or errors in the calculation or administration of such benefits; and 

possible claims relating to misuse of customer confidential information, misappropriation of assets or other similar claims. 

If we experience significant incidents involving any of the above-described risk areas, we could face substantial out-of-pocket losses, fines or negative publicity. In addition, such claims may give rise to litigation, which may be time consuming, distracting and costly, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. With respect to claims involving our co-employer relationships, although our client services agreement provides that the client will indemnify us for any liability attributable to the conduct of the client or its employees, we may not be able to enforce such contractual indemnification, or the client may not have sufficient assets to satisfy its obligations to us. An increase in employment-related claims against us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We are dependent on certain key personnel and recruitment and retention of key employees may be difficult and expensive. 
 We believe that the successful operation of our business is dependent upon our retention of the services of key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers and area managers. We may not be able to retain all our executives, senior managers and key personnel in light of competition for their services. If we lose the services of one of our executive officers or a significant number of our senior managers, our results of operations likely would be adversely affected. 
 We depend on attracting and retaining qualified employees; during periods of economic growth, our costs to do so increase and attracting and retaining people becomes more difficult. 
 Our teams of client-facing professionals are the foundation of our value proposition. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel could be adversely affected by lower unemployment rates and higher compensation levels. During periods of economic growth, we face increased competition for retaining and recruiting qualified personnel, resulting in higher advertising and recruiting costs and increased salary expenses. If we cannot attract and retain qualified employees, the quality of our services may deteriorate and our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We do not have an expansive in-house sales staff and therefore rely extensively on referral partners. 
 We currently maintain a minimal internal professional sales force, instead relying heavily on referral partners to provide referrals to new business. In connection with these arrangements, we pay a fee to referral partners for new clients. These referral firms and individuals do not have an exclusive relationship with us. If we are unable to maintain these relationships or if our referral partners increase their fees or lose confidence in our services, we could face declines in our business and additional costs and uncertainties as we attempt to hire and train an internal sales force. 
 15 
 
 Failure to maintain health insurance coverage or significant increases in the cost of health insurance coverage could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 In 2023 BBSI began offering health insurance benefits as part of our PEO services. Our arrangement with third-party insurers provides health insurance coverage to BBSI s PEO clients through December 31, 2023, with the possibility of additional annual renewals. If our third-party insurers are unwilling or unable to renew our arrangement in the future, we would need to seek coverage from alternative insurers. If replacement coverage were unavailable or available only on significantly less favorable terms, our business and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Additionally, if maintaining health insurance coverage becomes significantly more costly due to claims experience or other factors, this could also have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with healthcare reforms. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Acts subject us to potential penalties unless we offer our employees minimum essential healthcare coverage that is affordable. To comply with the employer mandate provision of the Acts, we offer health care coverage to all temporary and permanent employees eligible for coverage under the Acts other than employees of our PEO clients, which are responsible for providing required health care coverage to their employees. Designating employees as eligible is complex and is subject to challenge by employees and the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). While we believe we have properly identified eligible employees, a later determination that we failed to offer the required health coverage to eligible employees could result in penalties that may materially harm our business. We cannot be certain that compliant insurance coverage will remain available to us on reasonable terms, and we could face additional risks arising from future changes to or repeal of the Acts or changed interpretations of our obligations under the Acts. There can be no assurance that we will be able to recover all related costs through increased pricing to our customers or that such costs will be recovered in the period in which costs are incurred, and the net financial impact on our results of operations could be significant. 
 We face competition from several other companies. 
 We face competition from various companies that may provide all or some of the services we offer. Our competitors include companies that are engaged in staffing services such as Robert Half International Inc., Kelly Services, Inc., and ManpowerGroup Inc.; companies that are focused on co-employment, such as Insperity, Inc., and TriNet Group, Inc.; and companies that primarily provide payroll processing services, such as Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Paychex, Inc. We also compete with insurance carriers and other providers of workers compensation insurance, and our offerings must be priced competitively with prices provided by these competitors for us to attract and retain our clients. Maintaining competitive pricing in the workers compensation market could lead to reduced margins and profitability. Additionally, we face competition from information technology outsourcing firms and broad-based outsourcing and consulting firms that perform individual projects. 
 Several of our existing or potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do, which may enable them to: 
 develop and expand their infrastructure and service offerings more quickly and achieve greater cost efficiencies; 

invest in new technologies; 

expand operations into new markets more rapidly; 

devote greater resources to marketing; 

compete for acquisitions more effectively and complete acquisitions more easily; and 

aggressively price products and services and increase benefits in ways that we may not be able to match financially. 

To compete effectively in our markets, we must target our potential clients carefully, continue to improve our efficiencies and the scope and quality of our services, and rely on our service quality, innovation, 
 16 
 
 education and program clarity. If our competitive advantages are not compelling or sustainable, then we are unlikely to increase or sustain profits and our stock price could decline. 
 Our investment portfolio is subject to market and credit risks, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We seek to hold a diversified portfolio of high-quality investments that is managed by a professional investment advisory firm in accordance with our investment policy and routinely reviewed by management and approved by the risk management committee of our Board of Directors. However, our investments, including those held as collateral for our various insurance programs, are subject to general economic conditions and market risks, as well as risks inherent to particular securities, including credit, interest rate and liquidity risks. Our portfolio consists primarily of fixed-rate debt securities and is subject to changing valuation based on interest rate fluctuations, and the risk that certain investments may default, become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of one or more issuers of the securities, or will need to be sold for realized losses. Although our investment strategy is designed to preserve our capital, we cannot be certain that our investment objectives will be achieved, and we could incur substantial realized and unrealized investment losses in future periods which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to draw on our revolving credit facility in the future. 
 If our business does not perform as expected, including if we generate less revenue than anticipated from our operations or encounter significant unexpected costs, we may fail to comply with the financial covenants under our credit facilities. If we do not comply with our financial covenants and we do not obtain a waiver or amendment from our lender, the lender may elect to cause all amounts owed to become immediately due and payable or may decline to renew our credit facility. In that event, we would seek to establish a replacement credit facility with one or more other lenders, including lenders with which we have an existing relationship, potentially on less desirable terms. There can be no guarantee that replacement financing would be available at commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 Changes in our income tax positions or adverse outcomes resulting from on-going or future tax audits could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. In determining the adequacy of our tax provision, we assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes that could result if our tax positions were challenged by the IRS and other tax authorities. The tax authorities in the U.S. regularly examine our income and other tax returns. The ultimate outcome of tax examinations and disputes cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the IRS or other tax authorities assess additional taxes as a result of these or other examinations, we may be required to record charges to operations that could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Our long-term growth strategy may include acquisitions which could be unsuccessful or cause disruptions to our business, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Potential future acquisitions may introduce several risks related to the integration of businesses, personnel, product lines, and technologies. If we are unable to successfully identify appropriate acquisition candidates, negotiate favorable terms, and successfully integrate an acquisition, our business, financial condition, and results of operation could be materially and adversely affected. 
 17 
 
 Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment 
 We operate in a complex regulatory environment, and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 Corporate human resource operations are subject to a broad range of complex and evolving laws and regulations, including those applicable to payroll practices, benefits administration, employment practices, workers compensation coverage, and privacy. Because our clients have employees in many states throughout the United States, we must perform our services in compliance with the legal and regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions. Some of these laws and regulations may be difficult to ascertain or interpret and may change from time to time. Violation of such laws and regulations could subject us to fines, penalties, and damages, damage our reputation, constitute a breach of our client agreements, impair our ability to obtain and renew required licenses, and decrease our profitability or competitiveness. If any of these effects were to occur, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 If we are determined not to be an employer under certain laws and regulations, our clients may stop using our services, and we may be subject to additional liabilities. 
 We are the administrative employer in our co-employment relationships under the various laws and regulations of the IRS and the U.S. Department of Labor. If we are determined not to be the administrative employer under such laws and regulations and are therefore unable to assume our clients obligations for employment and other taxes, our clients may be held jointly and severally liable for payment of such taxes. Some clients or prospective clients may view such potential liability as an unacceptable risk, discouraging current clients from continuing a relationship with us or prospective clients from entering into a new relationship with us. Any determination that we are not the administrative employer for purposes of ERISA could also adversely affect our cafeteria benefits plan operated under Section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code and result in liabilities to us under the plan. 
 Changes in government regulations may result in restrictions or prohibitions applicable to the provision of employment services or the imposition of additional licensing, regulatory or tax requirements. 
 Our business is heavily regulated in most jurisdictions in which we operate. We cannot provide assurance that the states in which we conduct or seek to conduct business will not: 
 impose additional regulations that prohibit or restrict employment-related businesses like ours; 

require additional licensing or add restrictions on existing licenses to provide employment-related services; or 

increase taxes or make changes in the way in which taxes are calculated for providers of employment-related services. 

Any changes in applicable laws and regulations may make it more difficult or expensive for us to do business, inhibit expansion of our business, or result in additional expenses that limit our profitability or decrease our ability to attract and retain clients. 
 18 
 
 We may find it difficult to expand our business into additional states due to varying state regulatory requirements. 
 Future growth in our operations depends, in part, on our ability to offer our services to prospective clients in new states, which may subject us to different regulatory requirements and standards. To operate effectively in a new state, we must maintain all necessary licenses and regulatory approvals, adapt our procedures to that state's regulatory requirements and modify our service offerings to adapt to local market conditions. As we expand into additional states, we may not be able to duplicate in other markets the financial performance experienced in our current markets. 
 Our wholly owned insurance companies are subject to substantial government regulation. 
 Our wholly owned insurance companies are primarily regulated by state insurance commissioners in the states in which they conduct business. Such regulation includes monitoring the financial status of these companies, approving policies and premium rates, maintaining requirements for capital surplus and types of investments, and approving any significant changes to the legal or operating structure of these entities. State regulators can also impose taxes and other fees on insurance companies under their jurisdiction. These regulations may restrict our ability to operate these companies in the manner we believe is best, which could increase the cost of our operations, restrict our access to insurance coverage or adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile or may decline, resulting in substantial losses for our stockholders. 
 The market price of our Common Stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile for the foreseeable future. Important factors that may cause our trading price to decline include the factors listed below and other factors that may have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, including those described above in this Risk Factors section: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations, including a significant slowdown in our revenue growth or material increase in our workers compensation expense; 

our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or otherwise discover material errors in our financial reporting; 

imposition of significant fines or penalties or other adverse action by regulatory authorities against the Company; 

adverse developments in legal proceedings involving claims against the Company; 

our failure to meet financial projections or achieve financial results anticipated by analysts; or 

changes in our Board of Directors or management. 

Maryland law and our Charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make the takeover of the Company more difficult. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law and our Charter and bylaws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a third-party from acquiring the Company, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions of our Charter and bylaws permit the Board of Directors to issue up to 500,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences, including voting rights, as the Board 
 19 
 
 may establish, without further approval by the Company's stockholders, which could also adversely affect the voting power of holders of our Common Stock. 
 In addition, the Company is subject to the Maryland control share act (the Control Share Act ). Under the Control Share Act, a person (an Acquiring Person who acquires voting stock in a transaction (a Control Share Acquisition which results in its holding voting power within specified ranges cannot vote the shares it acquires in the Control Share Acquisition unless voting rights are accorded to such control shares by the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares, excluding the Acquiring Person and the Company's officers and directors who are also employees of the Company. 
 The Company is also subject to the provisions of Maryland law limiting the ability of certain Maryland corporations to engage in specified business combinations (the Business Combination Act ). Subject to certain exceptions, the Business Combination Act prohibits a Maryland corporation from engaging in a business combination with a stockholder who, with its affiliates, owns 10 or more of the corporation's voting stock. These provisions will not apply to business combinations that are approved by the Board of Directors before the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 Item 2.	PR OPERTIES 
 We operate through 43 branches. The following table shows the number of branches in each state. We also lease office space in other locations in our market areas which we use to recruit and place employees. 

Number of 

Offices 
 
 Branches 

California 
 
 21 

Oregon 
 
 3 

Washington 
 
 3 

Utah 
 
 2 

Colorado 
 
 2 

Idaho 
 
 2 

Arizona 
 
 2 

Maryland 
 
 2 

Nevada 
 
 2 

Delaware 
 
 1 

North Carolina 
 
 1 

Pennsylvania 
 
 1 

Tennessee 
 
 1 

On December 31, 2022, our leases had expiration dates ranging from less than one year to seven years. Our corporate headquarters occupies approximately 90 percent of the 65,300 square foot building we own in Vancouver, Washington. 
 20 
 
 Item 3.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 BBSI is not subject to material legal proceedings and claims other than those which arise in the ordinary course of our business, except for those matters discussed in Note 11 - Litigation to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this report. 
 Item 4.	MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 PART II 
 Item 5.	MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock (the Common Stock trades on the Global Select Market segment of The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol BBSI. At February 10, 2023, there were 23 stockholders of record and approximately 8,016 beneficial owners of the Common Stock. 
 The following table summarizes information related to stock repurchases during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Total 

Total Number of 

Approximate Dollar Value of 

Number of 

Average Price 

Shares Repurchased 

Shares that May Yet 

Shares 

Paid 

as Part of Publicly 

Be Repurchased 

Month 
 
 Repurchased 

Per Share 

Announced Plan (1) 

Under the Plan (1) 

October 

41,000 

81.14 

41,000 

32,621,955 

November 

5,400 

87.72 

5,400 

32,148,278 

December 

45,908 

94.00 

45,908 

27,832,833 

Total 

92,308 

92,308 

(1) On February 28, 2022, the Board of Directors, authorized the repurchase of up to 75.0 million of the Company's common stock over a two-year period beginning February 28, 2022. The new repurchase program replaces the program approved in August 2019. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased 605,937 shares at an aggregate purchase price of 47.2 million. 
 21 
 
 The following graph shows the cumulative total return at the dates indicated for the period from December 31, 2017 until December 31, 2022, for our Common Stock, The Nasdaq Composite Index, and the S P 1500 Human Resource Employment Services Index, a published industry index that is considered reflective of the Company s peers. 
 The stock performance graph has been prepared assuming that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our Common Stock and the indexes shown, and that dividends are reinvested. The stock price performance reflected in the graph may not be indicative of future price performance. 

12/17 
 12/18 
 12/19 
 12/20 
 12/21 
 12/22 

Barrett Business Services, Inc. 
 
 100.00 
 89.91 
 143.94 
 110.98 
 114.20 
 156.54 

NASDAQ Composite 
 
 100.00 
 97.16 
 132.81 
 192.47 
 235.15 
 158.65 

S P 1500 Human Resource Employment Services Index 
 100.00 
 83.73 
 102.81 
 103.69 
 156.71 
 117.07 

22 
 
 Item 7.	MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Overview 
 The Company is a leading provider of business management solutions for small and mid-sized companies. The Company has developed a management platform that integrates a knowledge-based approach from the management consulting industry with tools from the human resource outsourcing industry. This platform, through the effective leveraging of human capital, helps our business owner clients run their businesses more effectively. We believe this platform, delivered through a decentralized organizational structure, differentiates BBSI from our competitors. 
 We report revenues in our financial results in two categories of services: professional employer services PEO and staffing. 
 With our PEO clients, we enter into a co-employment arrangement in which we become the administrative employer while the client maintains physical care, custody and control of their workforce. Our PEO services are billed as a percentage of client payroll; the gross amount invoiced includes direct payroll costs plus an additional percentage amount to cover employer payroll-related taxes, workers compensation coverage (if provided), other service related costs and a margin. However, actual costs can be higher or lower than anticipated. PEO customers are invoiced following the end of each payroll processing cycle, with payment generally due on the invoice date. Revenues for PEO services exclude direct payroll billings because we are not the primary obligor for those payments. 
 We generate staffing services revenues primarily from short-term staffing, contract staffing, on-site management and direct placement services. For staffing services other than direct placement, invoiced amounts include direct payroll, an amount intended to cover employer payroll-related taxes, workers compensation coverage, other service related costs and a margin. Staffing customers are invoiced weekly and typically have payment terms of 30 days. Direct placement services are billed at agreed fees at the time of a successful placement. 
 Our business is concentrated in California, and we expect to continue to derive a majority of our revenues from this market in the future. Revenues generated in our California operations accounted for 73 of our total revenues in 2022, 73 in 2021 and 75 in 2020. Consequently, any weakness in economic conditions, changes in the regulatory or insurance environment, or natural disasters or other major events in California could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Our cost of revenues for PEO services includes employer payroll-related taxes and workers' compensation costs. Our cost of revenues for staffing services includes direct payroll costs, employer payroll-related taxes, employee benefits, and workers compensation costs. Direct payroll costs represent the gross payroll earned by staffing services employees based on salary or hourly wages. Payroll taxes and employee benefits consist of the employer's portion of Social Security and Medicare taxes, federal and state unemployment taxes and staffing services employee reimbursements for materials, supplies and other expenses, which are paid by our customer. Workers' compensation costs consist primarily of the costs associated with our workers' compensation program, including premiums for the insured program, claims reserves for the self-insured program, claims administration fees, legal fees, medical cost containment MCC expense, state administrative agency fees, third-party broker commissions, risk manager payroll, premiums for excess insurance, and costs associated with operating our two wholly owned insurance companies, AICE and Ecole. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses represent both branch office and corporate-level operating expenses. Branch operating expenses consist primarily of branch office staff payroll and personnel related costs, advertising, rent, office supplies, professional and legal fees and branch incentive compensation. Corporate-level operating expenses consist primarily of executive and office staff payroll and personnel related costs, professional and legal fees, travel, occupancy costs, information systems costs, and executive and corporate staff incentive compensation. 
 23 
 
 Depreciation and amortization represent depreciation of property and equipment, leasehold improvements, software and internally developed software costs. Property, equipment, software and internally developed software costs are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 39 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have identified the following accounting estimate as critical to our business and the understanding of our results of operations. For a detailed discussion of the application of this and other accounting policies, see Note 1 - Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of this report. The preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Workers' Compensation Reserves 
 We recognize our liability for the ultimate payment of incurred claims and claims adjustment expenses by establishing a reserve that represents our estimates of future amounts necessary to pay claims and related expenses with respect to workplace injuries that have occurred. When a claim involving a probable loss is reported, our independent third-party administrator for workers compensation claims TPA establishes a case reserve for the estimated amount of ultimate loss. The estimate reflects a judgment based on established case reserving practices and the experience and knowledge of the TPA regarding the nature and expected amount of the claim, as well as the estimated expenses of settling the claim, including legal and other fees and expenses of claims administration. The adequacy of such case reserves depends in part on the professional judgment of the TPA to evaluate the economic consequences of each claim properly and comprehensively. 
 Our reserves include an additional component for potential future increases in the cost to finally resolve open injury claims and claims incurred in prior periods but not reported (together, IBNR based on actuarial estimates provided by the Company s independent actuary. IBNR reserves, unlike specific case reserves, do not apply to a specific claim but rather apply to the entire population of claims arising from a specific time period. IBNR primarily covers costs relating to: 
 Future claim payments in excess of case reserves on recorded open claims; 

Additional claim payments on closed claims; and 

Claims that have occurred but have not yet been reported to us. 

The process of estimating unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense involves a high degree of judgment and is affected by both internal and external events, including changes in claims handling practices, modifications in reserve estimation procedures, changes in individuals involved in the reserve estimation process, inflation, trends in the litigation and settlement of pending claims, and legislative changes. 
 Our estimates are based on actuarial analyses and informed judgment, derived from individual experiences and expertise applied to multiple sets of data and analyses. We consider significant facts and circumstances known both at the time that loss reserves are initially established and as new facts and circumstances become known. Due to the inherent uncertainty underlying loss reserve estimates, the expenses incurred through final resolution of our liability for our workers compensation claims will likely vary from the related loss reserves at the reporting date. Therefore, as specific claims are paid out in the future, actual paid losses may be materially different from our current loss reserves. 
 24 
 
 A basic premise in most actuarial analyses is that historical data and past patterns demonstrated in the incurred and paid historical data form a reasonable basis upon which to project future outcomes, absent a material change. Significant structural changes to the available data can materially impact the reserve estimation process. To the extent a material change affecting the ultimate claim liability becomes known, such change is quantified to the extent possible through an analysis of internal company data and, if available and when appropriate, external data. Actuaries exercise a considerable degree of judgment in the evaluation of these factors and the need for such actuarial judgment is more pronounced when faced with material uncertainties. 
 We believe that the amounts recorded for our estimated liabilities for workers compensation claims, which are based on informed judgment, analysis of data, actuarial estimates, and analysis of other trends associated with the Company s historical universe of claims data, are reasonable. Nevertheless, adjustments to such estimates will be required in future periods if the development of claim costs varies materially from our estimates, and such future adjustments may be material to our results of operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their potential effect on the Company's results of operations and financial condition, see Note 1 - Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of this report. 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 Statements in this Item or in Items 1, 1A, 3 and 9A of this report include forward-looking statements, which are not historical in nature and are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, among others, discussion of economic conditions in our market areas and their effect on revenue levels, the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations, the competitiveness of our service offerings, the availability of certain fully insured medical and other health and welfare benefits to qualifying worksite employees beginning in 2023, our ability to attract and retain clients and to achieve revenue growth, the effect of changes in our mix of services on gross margin, the effect of tight labor market conditions, the adequacy of our workers' compensation reserves, the effect of changes in estimates of our future claims liabilities on our workers compensation reserves, including the effect of changes in our reserving practices and claims management process on our actuarial estimates, expected levels of required surety deposits and letters of credit, our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our deferred tax assets, the effect of our formation and operation of two wholly owned licensed insurance subsidiaries, the risks of operation and cost of our insured program, the financial viability of our excess insurance carriers, the effectiveness of our management information systems, our relationship with our primary bank lender and the availability of financing and working capital to meet our funding requirements, litigation costs, the effect of changes in the interest rate environment on the value of our investment securities, the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts, and the potential for and effect of acquisitions. 
 25 
 
 All our forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company or industry to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors with respect to the Company include: our ability to retain current clients and attract new clients; the effects of governmental orders, laws or regulations imposing requirements related to the COVID-19 pandemic; difficulties associated with integrating clients into our operations; economic trends in our service areas; the potential for material deviations from expected future workers compensation claims experience; changes in the workers compensation regulatory environment in our primary markets; security breaches or failures in the Company s information technology systems; collectability of accounts receivable; changes in effective payroll tax rates and federal and state income tax rates; the carrying values of deferred income tax assets and goodwill (which may be affected by our future operating results); the effects of inflation on our operating expenses and those of our clients; the impact of and potential changes to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, escalating medical costs, and other health care legislative initiatives on our business; the effect of conditions in the global capital markets on our investment portfolio; and the availability of capital, borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility, or letters of credit necessary to meet state-mandated surety deposit requirements for maintaining our status as a qualified self-insured employer for workers' compensation coverage or our insured program. Additional risk factors affecting our business are discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this report. We disclaim any obligation to publicly announce any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the percentages of total revenues represented by selected items in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, included in Item 8 of Part II of this report. 

Percentage of Total Net Revenues 

in thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Professional employer services 

937,363 

88.9 

843,815 

88.3 

777,430 

88.3 

Staffing services 

116,963 

11.1 

111,351 

11.7 

103,394 

11.7 

Total revenues 

1,054,326 

100.0 

955,166 

100.0 

880,824 

100.0 

Cost of revenues: 

Direct payroll costs 

87,944 

8.3 

83,821 

8.8 

78,380 

8.9 

Payroll taxes and benefits 

522,392 

49.5 

469,888 

49.2 

418,793 

47.5 

Workers compensation 

209,145 

19.8 

196,949 

20.6 

200,744 

22.8 

Total cost of revenues 

819,481 

77.7 

750,658 

78.6 

697,917 

79.2 

Gross margin 

234,845 

22.3 

204,508 

21.4 

182,907 

20.8 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

169,642 

16.1 

155,259 

16.3 

141,916 

16.1 

Depreciation and amortization 

6,228 

0.6 

5,326 

0.6 

4,844 

0.5 

Income from operations 

58,975 

5.6 

43,923 

4.6 

36,147 

4.1 

Other income, net 

6,328 

0.6 

6,738 

0.7 

6,449 

0.7 

Income before income taxes 

65,303 

6.2 

50,661 

5.3 

42,596 

4.8 

Provision for income taxes 

18,035 

1.7 

12,582 

1.3 

8,831 

1.0 

Net income 

47,268 

4.5 

38,079 

4.0 

33,765 

3.8 

26 
 
 We report PEO revenues net of direct payroll costs because we are not the primary obligor for wage payments to our clients employees. However, management believes that gross billings and wages are useful in understanding the volume of our business activity and serve as an important performance metric in managing our operations, including the preparation of internal operating forecasts and establishing executive compensation performance goals. We therefore present for purposes of analysis gross billings and wage information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Gross billings 
 
 7,393,808 

6,569,986 

5,924,539 

PEO and staffing wages 
 
 6,425,286 

5,693,903 

5,098,604 

Because safety incentives represent consideration payable to PEO customers, safety incentive costs are netted against PEO revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. We therefore present below for purposes of analysis non-GAAP gross workers compensation expense, which represents workers compensation costs including safety incentive costs. We believe this non-GAAP measure is useful in evaluating the total costs of our workers compensation program. In July 2020, the Company began limiting its safety incentive offering in certain markets, resulting in a substantial reduction in safety incentive costs. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Workers' compensation 
 
 209,145 

196,949 

200,744 

Safety incentive costs 
 
 1,852 

2,985 

23,544 

Non-GAAP gross workers' compensation 
 
 210,997 

199,934 

224,288 

In monitoring and evaluating the performance of our operations, management also reviews the following ratios, which represent selected amounts as a percentage of gross billings. Management believes these ratios are useful in understanding the efficiency and profitability of our service offerings. 

Percentage of Gross Billings 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

PEO and staffing wages 
 
 86.9 

86.7 

86.1 

Payroll taxes and benefits 
 
 7.0 

7.2 

7.1 

Non-GAAP gross workers' compensation 
 
 2.9 

3.0 

3.8 

Gross margin 
 
 3.2 

3.1 

3.1 

The presentation of revenue on a net basis and the relative contributions of staffing and PEO services revenue can create volatility in our gross margin as a percentage of revenue. A relative increase in PEO services revenue will result in a higher gross margin as a percentage of revenue. Improvement in gross margin percentage occurs because incremental client services revenue dollars are reported as revenue net of all related direct payroll and safety incentive costs. 
 We refer to employees of our PEO clients as worksite employees WSEs ). Management reviews average and ending WSE growth to monitor and evaluate the performance of our operations. Average WSEs are calculated by dividing the number of unique individuals paid in each month by the number of months in the period. Ending WSEs represents the number of unique individuals paid in the last month of the period. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

Change 

2021 

Change 

2020 

Average WSEs 
 
 122,001 

8.0 

112,928 

4.3 

108,249 

Ending WSEs 
 
 122,306 

5.3 

116,154 

6.3 

109,292 

27 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net income for 2022 was 47.3 million compared to net income of 38.1 million for 2021. Diluted net income per share for 2022 was 6.54 compared to diluted income per share of 5.00 for 2021. 
 Revenue for 2022 totaled 1,054.3 million, an increase of 99.2 million or 10.4 over 2021, which reflects an increase in the Company s PEO service revenue of 93.5 million or 11.1 and an increase in staffing services revenue of 5.6 million or 5.0 . 
 The increase in PEO services revenues was primarily attributable to an increase in average number of WSEs as well as an increase in average billing per WSE. 
 Gross margin for 2022 totaled 234.8 million or 22.3 of revenue compared to 204.5 million or 21.4 of revenue for 2021. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenues is primarily a result of the factors discussed within the separate components of gross margin below. 
 Direct payroll costs for 2022 totaled 87.9 million or 8.3 of revenue compared to 83.8 million or 8.8 of revenue for 2021. The decrease in direct payroll costs as a percentage of revenues was primarily due to a decrease in staffing services within the mix of our customer base in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Payroll taxes and benefits for 2022 totaled 522.4 million or 49.5 of revenue compared to 469.9 million or 49.2 of revenue for 2021. The increase in payroll taxes and benefits expense as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the relative decrease in workers' compensation costs and an increase in federal payroll tax rates, partially offset by lower average state payroll tax rates in 2022. 
 Workers compensation expense for 2022 totaled 209.1 million or 19.8 of revenue compared to 196.9 million or 20.6 of revenue for 2021. The decrease in workers compensation expense as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to favorable adjustments of 11.3 million related to prior period claims in 2022, compared to favorable adjustments of 9.2 million in 2021. 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses for 2022 totaled 169.6 million or 16.1 of revenue compared to 155.3 million or 16.3 of revenue for 2021. The increase of 14.3 million in SG A expense in 2022 was primarily attributable to increased employee related costs, as well as increased travel and marketing expenses due to more in-person meetings and events. 
 Other income, net for 2022 totaled 6.3 million compared to other income of 6.7 million for 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in investment income in 2022. 
 Our effective income tax rate for 2022 was 27.6 compared to 24.8 for 2021. Our income tax rate typically differs from the federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to state taxes as well as federal and state tax credits. See Note 8 - Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this report for additional information regarding income taxes. 
 A discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 can be found in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022. 
 
 28 
 
 Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating Results 
 We have historically experienced significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, including losses or minimal income in the first quarter of each year, and expect such fluctuations to continue in the future. Our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors such as seasonality, wage limits on statutory payroll taxes, claims experience for workers compensation, demand for our services, and competition. Payroll taxes, as a component of cost of revenues, generally decline throughout a calendar year as the applicable statutory wage bases for federal and state unemployment taxes and Social Security taxes are exceeded on a per employee basis. Our revenue levels may be higher in the third quarter due to the effect of increased business activity of our customers businesses in the agriculture, food processing and forest products-related industries. In addition, revenues in the fourth quarter may be reduced by many customers practice of operating on holiday-shortened schedules. Workers compensation expense varies with both the frequency and severity of workplace injury claims reported during a quarter and the estimated future costs of such claims. In addition, positive or adverse loss development of prior period claims during a subsequent quarter may also contribute to the volatility in the Company s estimated workers compensation expense. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company's cash balance of 107.4 million, which includes cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, increased 28.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to a decrease of 155.2 million for the comparable period of 2021. The increase in cash at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 was primarily due to proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments and restricted investments, net income, increased accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits, and increased other accrued liabilities, partially offset by decreased workers' compensation claims liabilities, repurchase of common stock, and purchase of property, equipment and software. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 amounted to 27.8 million, compared to net cash used of 15.5 million for the comparable period of 2021. In 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to net income of 47.3 million, increased accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits of 24.9 million and increased other accrued liabilities of 15.7 million, partially offset by decreased workers compensation claims liabilities of 64.2 million and increased trade accounts receivable of 8.1 million. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities totaled 61.2 million in 2022, compared to net cash used of 112.9 million for the comparable period of 2021. In 2022, net cash provided by investing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments and restricted investments of 81.5 million, partially offset by purchase of property, equipment and software of 16.0 million, and purchase of restricted investments of 4.3 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities in 2022 was 60.2 million compared to net cash used of 26.9 million for the comparable period of 2021. In 2022, net cash used in financing activities primarily consisted of repurchases of common stock of 47.2 million, dividend payments of 8.5 million and the payoff of the outstanding mortgage loan balance of 3.5 million. 
 The Company is required to maintain minimum collateral levels for certain policies issued under the insured program, which is held in a trust account (the trust account ). The balance in the trust account was 188.2 million and 273.6 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The trust account balance is included as a component of the current and long-term restricted cash and investments in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 See Note 5 - Revolving Credit Facility and Long-Term Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this report for information regarding the Company s credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 29 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company's contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 are summarized below: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Payments Due by Period 

(in thousands) 

Less than 

1 - 3 

4 - 5 

After 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Operating leases (1) 

24,624 

7,870 

10,303 

5,221 

1,230 

Total contractual obligations 

24,624 

7,870 

10,303 

5,221 

1,230 

(1) As of December 31, 2022, the Company has additional operating leases that have not yet commenced of 1.7 million and remaining balances on short-term operating leases of 37,301. In January 2022, the Company paid off all of its long-term debt. 
 Item 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to its investment portfolio and its outstanding borrowings on its line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investments consisted principally of approximately 104.0 million in corporate bonds, 57.3 million in U.S. treasuries, 53.1 million in mortgage backed securities, 41.0 million in money market funds, 31.4 million in U.S. government agency securities, 12.9 million in asset backed securities, 6.3 million in mutual funds and 2.0 million in emerging markets securities. Based on the Company's overall interest exposure at December 31, 2022, a 50 basis point increase in market interest rates would have a 5.9 million effect on the fair value of the Company's investment portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings on its line of credit. 
 30 
 
 Item 8.	FINA NCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 REP ORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Barrett Business Services, Inc. Vancouver, Washington 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barrett Business Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholder's equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 6, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Workers' Compensation Claims Liabilities 
 Workers compensation claims liabilities represent management s estimate of future amounts necessary to pay claims and related expenses with respect to workplace injuries that have occurred as of a given 
 31 
 
 reporting date. The estimated liability for open workers compensation claims is based on an evaluation of information provided by the Company s third-party administrators for workers compensation claims, coupled with an actuarial estimate of future adverse loss development with respect to reported claims and incurred but not reported claims (together, IBNR). Workers compensation claims liabilities included case reserve estimates for reported losses, plus additional amounts for estimated IBNR claims, medical cost containment, legal costs, and unallocated loss adjustment expenses. The process of arriving at an estimate of unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense involves a high degree of judgment and is affected by both internal and external events, including changes in claims handling practices, changes in reserve estimation procedures, inflation, trends in the litigation and settlement of pending claims, and legislative changes. The Company s estimates are based on informed judgment, derived from individual experience and expertise applied to multiple sets of data and analyses. The company considers significant facts and circumstances known both at the time that loss reserves are initially established, and as new facts and circumstances become known. Workers compensation claims liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 216 million. 
 Given the high degree of judgment required to estimate the value of the workers compensation claims liabilities, performing audit procedures to evaluate the workers compensation claims liabilities recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the workers compensation claims liabilities included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to workers compensation claims liabilities, including those involved in estimating the ultimate losses to be incurred for reported and unreported claims. 

We tested the underlying data that is used as inputs into the actuarial analysis, including historical claims, to evaluate whether those inputs were reasonable. In addition, we assessed whether any changes in the business or environment, including legislative changes, interest rates, and claims handling practices, were appropriately considered in developing the estimate of ultimate losses to be incurred for reported and unreported claims. 

With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the workers compensation claims liabilities by performing the following: 

o Compared management s prior-year assumptions of expected claims development and ultimate loss to actuals incurred during the current year to identify and evaluate potential bias in the determination of the workers compensation claims liabilities. 

o Developed a range of independent estimates of the workers compensation claims liabilities, utilizing claim payment patterns, loss development factors, and future cost trends for workers compensation claims liabilities. We compared our estimated ranges to management s estimates. 

o Read the Company s reinsurance policies and compared the coverage and terms to the assumptions used by management. 

/s/ 
 Oregon 
 March 6, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 
 
 32 
 
 Barre tt Business Services, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In Thousands, Except Par Value) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Restricted cash and investments 

Total current assets 

Property, equipment and software, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash and investments 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Deferred income taxes 

- 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

- 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits 

Income taxes payable 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Workers' compensation claims liabilities 

Safety incentives liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term workers' compensation claims liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

- 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Customer deposits and other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 5, 7 and 11) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 33 
 
 Barrett Business Services, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Revenues: 

Professional employer services 

Staffing services 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues: 

Direct payroll costs 

Payroll taxes and benefits 

Workers' compensation 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross margin 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Investment income, net 

Interest expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other, net 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic income per common share 

Weighted average number of basic common shares outstanding 

Diluted income per common share 

Weighted average number of diluted common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 34 
 
 Barrett Business Services, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of C omprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Unrealized (losses) gains on investments, net of tax of ), ), and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 
 
 Barrett Business Services, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Thousands) 

Accumulated 

Other 

Additional 

Comprehensive 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Income 

Retained 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Loss) 

Earnings 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Common stock issued on exercise of options and vesting of restricted stock units 

Common stock repurchased on vesting of restricted stock units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Company repurchase of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued on exercise of options and vesting of restricted stock units 

Common stock repurchased on vesting of restricted stock units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Company repurchase of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued on exercise of options, purchase of ESPP shares and vesting of restricted stock units and performance awards 

Common stock repurchased on vesting of restricted stock units and performance awards 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Company repurchase of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 36 
 
 Barrett Busi ness Services, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In Thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Reconciliations of net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Investment amortization and losses recognized 

Loss recognized on disposal of property and equipment 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in certain operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits 

() 

Other accrued liabilities 

() 

Workers' compensation claims liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Safety incentives liability 

() 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets and liabilities, net 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property, equipment and software 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of investments 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments 

Purchase of restricted investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and maturities of restricted investments 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from credit-line borrowings 

Payments on credit-line borrowings 

() 

Payments on long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock repurchased on vesting of stock awards 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Barrett Business Services, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 markets throughout the United States. Approximately , and , respectively, of our revenue during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was attributable to our California operations. BBSI was incorporated in Maryland in 1965. The Company operates a wholly owned, fully licensed captive insurance company, Associated Insurance Company for Excess AICE and a wholly owned, fully licensed insurance company, Ecole. AICE and Ecole provide access to more competitive and cost-effective insurance markets and provide cost-effective risk management. See Note 4 - Workers Compensation Claims for additional information in the Company s insurance programs. 
 
 operating and reporting segment. The chief operating decision maker (our Chief Executive Officer) regularly reviews the financial information of our business at a consolidated level in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. 
 , are renewable on an annual basis and typically require days written notice to cancel or terminate the contract by either party. In addition, our client service agreements provide for immediate termination upon any payment default of the client regardless of when notice is given. PEO customers are invoiced following the end of each payroll processing cycle, with payment generally due on the invoice date. Staffing customers are generally invoiced weekly based on agreed rates per employee and actual hours worked, typically with payment terms of days. The amount of earned but unbilled revenue is classified as a receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. We report PEO revenues net of direct payroll costs because we are not the primary obligor for these payments to our clients employees. Direct payroll costs include salaries, wages, health insurance, and employee out-of-pocket expenses incurred incidental to employment. We also present revenue net of safety incentives, because these incentives represent consideration payable to customers. 
 wholly owned insurance companies, AICE and Ecole. 
 to be cash equivalents for purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated balance sheets. The Company maintains cash balances in bank accounts that normally exceed FDIC insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses related to its cash concentration. 

Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, investments, restricted cash and investments, and trade accounts receivable. We limit investment of cash equivalents and investments to financial institutions with high credit ratings. Credit risk on trade accounts is minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of our customer base. and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We make estimates of the collectability of our accounts receivable for services provided to our customers based on future expected credit losses. Management analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customers' payment trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. If the financial condition of our customers deteriorates resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 

Charges to expense 

Write-offs of uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 reporting unit and evaluates the carrying value of goodwill annually at December 31. impairment has been recognized in the periods presented. 

Equipment, furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 

Computer hardware, software and software development costs 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 

impairment has been recorded in the periods presented. The Company has elected the practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease components for all classes of assets. Our lease agreements generally do not contain material variable lease payments or restrictive covenants. 
 The process of arriving at an estimate of unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense involves a high degree of judgment and is affected by both internal and external events, including changes in claims handling practices, changes in reserve estimation procedures, inflation, trends in the litigation and settlement of pending claims, and legislative changes. Our estimates are based on actuarial analysis and informed judgment, derived from individual experience and expertise applied to multiple sets of data and analyses. We consider significant facts and circumstances known both at the time that loss reserves are initially established and as new facts and circumstances become known. Due to the inherent uncertainty underlying loss reserve estimates, the expenses incurred through final resolution of our liability for our workers compensation claims will likely vary from the related loss reserves at the reporting date. Therefore, as specific claims are paid out in the future, actual paid losses may be materially different from our current loss reserves. A basic premise in most actuarial analyses is that historical data and past patterns demonstrated in the incurred and paid historical data form a reasonable basis upon which to project future outcomes, absent a material change. Significant structural changes to the available data can materially impact the reserve estimation process. To the extent a material change affecting the ultimate claim liability becomes known, such change is quantified to the extent possible through an analysis of internal Company data and, if available and when appropriate, external data. Nonetheless, actuaries exercise a considerable degree of judgment in the evaluation of these factors and the need for such actuarial judgment is more pronounced when faced with material uncertainties. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, as an estimate of the liability for unpaid safety incentives. 
 
 mil lion, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Bank deposits and other cash equivalents that are restricted for use are classified as restricted cash. 

Restricted cash, included in restricted cash and investments 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding 

44 

In determining the fair value measurement of our financial assets, the fair value measurement level within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level input and is applied to each financial asset. Valuation techniques are used to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

Total cash equivalents 

Investments: 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

Mortgage backed securities 

() 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

() 

U.S. government agency securities 

() 

Emerging markets 

() 

Total current investments 

() 

() 

Restricted cash and investments (1) : 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

U.S. treasuries 

() 

() 

Mortgage backed securities 

() 

U.S. government agency securities 

() 

Mutual funds 

Money market funds 

Asset backed securities 

Total restricted cash and investments 

() 

Total investments 

() 

(1) Included in restricted cash and investments within the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is restricted cash of million and million, respectively, which is excluded from the table above. Restricted cash and investments are classified as current and noncurrent on the balance sheet based on the nature of the restriction. 

Investments: 

Corporate bonds 

Mortgage backed securities 

Asset backed securities 

U.S. government agency securities 

Emerging markets 

Restricted cash and investments: 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. treasuries 

Mortgage backed securities 

U.S. government agency securities 

Mutual funds 

Money market funds 

Asset backed securities 

Total investments 

(1) Investments in money market funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient are not subject to hierarchy level classification disclosure. The Company invests in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable net asset value. These investments include commingled funds that comprise high-quality short-term securities representing liquid debt and monetary instruments where the redemption value is likely to be the fair value. Redemption is permitted daily without written notice. 

U.S. treasuries 

Money market funds 

U.S. government agency securities 

Asset backed securities 

Emerging markets 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 Less than 1 Year 

Between 1 to 5 Years 

Between 5 to 10 Years 

After 10 Years 

Total 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. treasuries 

U.S. government agency securities 

Asset backed securities 

Money market funds 

Total 

The average contractual maturity of mortgage backed securities, which are excluded from the table above, was years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Equipment, furniture and fixtures 

Computer hardware and software 

Software development costs 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Land 

We recognized million, million and million in depreciation expense associated with our property and equipment in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. We recognized million, million, and million in amortization of capitalized software development costs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. We capitalized million, million and million of software development costs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

48 

Add: claims expense accrual 

Current period 

Prior periods 

() 

() 

() 

Less: claim payments related to 

Current period 

Prior periods 

Change in claims incurred in excess of retention limits 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Workers' compensation claims liabilities 

Incurred but not reported (IBNR) 

Ratio of IBNR to workers' compensation claims liabilities 

Insured program The Company provides workers compensation coverage for client employees primarily through arrangements with fully licensed, third-party insurers (the insured program ). Under this program, carriers issue policies or afford coverage to the Company s clients under a program maintained by the Company. Approximately of the Company s workers compensation exposure is covered through the insured program. The Company entered into a new arrangement for its insured program effective July 1, 2021 whereby third-party insurers assumed all risk of loss for claims incurred from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022 (the 2021-2022 Policy ). The 2021-2022 Policy allows for premium adjustments depending on overall policy performance. If claims develop favorably, BBSI can participate in the savings up to million for the twelve-month policy period. If claims develop adversely, additional premium may be charged up to million for the twelve-month policy period. million for the twelve-month policy period. For the 2022-2023 Policy, additional premium may be charged if claims develop adversely. The 2022-2023 Policy includes a renewal commitment through June 30, 2024. For claims incurred under the insured program prior to July 1, 2021, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first million per occurrence on policies issued after June 30, 2020 and million per occurrence on policies issued before that date. On June 29, 2020, the Company entered into a loss portfolio transfer agreement LPT 1 to remove all outstanding workers compensation claims obligations for claims incurred under its insured program between February 1, 2014 and December 31, 2017. This transaction reduced the Company s outstanding workers compensation liabilities and trust account balances by million. On June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a loss portfolio transfer agreement LPT 2 to remove all remaining outstanding workers compensation claims obligations for client policies issued under its insured program up to June 30, 2018. This transaction reduced the Company s outstanding workers compensation liabilities by million. 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 (1) 

2019 (1) 

2020 

2021 - Through June 30 

2021 - July 1 and after 

2022 

1) LPT 2 excluded approximately of claims from 2018 and included an approximately offsetting amount of claims from 2019. 
 The Company is required to maintain minimum collateral levels for certain policies issued under the insured program, which is held in a trust account (the trust account ). The balance in the trust account was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The trust account balance is included as a component of the current and long-term restricted cash and investments in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Self-insured programs The Company is a self-insured employer with respect to workers' compensation coverage for all employees, including employees of PEO clients that elect to participate in our workers compensation program, working in Colorado, Maryland and Oregon. In the state of Washington, state law allows only the Company's staffing services and internal management employees to be covered under the Company's self-insured workers' compensation program. The Company also operates a wholly owned, fully licensed insurance company, Ecole, which provides workers compensation coverage to client employees working in Arizona and Utah. Approximately of the Company s workers compensation exposure is covered through self-insurance or Ecole (the self-insured programs ). For all claims incurred under the Company s self-insured programs, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first million per occurrence, except in Maryland and Colorado, where the Company s retention per occurrence is million and million, respectively. For claims incurred under the Company s self-insured programs prior to July 1, 2020, the Company retains risk of loss up to the first million per occurrence, except in Maryland and Colorado, where the retention per occurrence is million and million, respectively. The states of California, Maryland, Oregon, Washington, Colorado and Delaware required the Company to maintain collateral totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to cover potential workers compensation claims losses related to the Company s current and former status as a self-insured employer. At December 31, 2022 , the Company provided surety bonds totaling million, including a California requirement of million. Claims liabilities The Company provided a total of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, as an estimated future liability for unsettled workers' compensation claims liabilities. Of this amount, million and million on December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, represent case reserves incurred in excess of the Company s retention. The accrual for costs incurred in excess of retention limits is offset by a receivable from insurance carriers of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

 million and a sublimit for standby letters of credit of million. Advances under the revolving credit line bear interest, as selected by the Company, of (a) or (b) one-month Term SOFR plus . per year on the average daily unused amount of the revolving credit line, as well as a fee of of the face amount of each letter of credit reserved under the line of credit. The Company had outstanding borrowings on its revolving credit line at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The credit facility is collateralized by the Company s accounts receivable and other rights to receive payment. The Agreement requires the satisfaction of certain financial covenants as follows: adjusted free cash flow [net profit after taxes plus interest expense (net of capitalized interest), depreciation, expense and amortization expense, less dividends/distributions] not less than million as of each fiscal quarter end, determined on a rolling 4-quarter basis; and 

 tangible net worth [aggregate of total stockholders' equity plus subordinated debt less any intangible assets and less any loans or advances to, or investments in, any related entities or individuals] not less than million at each fiscal quarter end. 

 The Agreement imposes certain additional restrictions unless the Bank provides its prior written consent as follows: incurring additional indebtedness is prohibited, other than purchase financing for the acquisition of assets, provided that the aggregate of all purchase financing does not exceed million at any time; 

 the Company may not terminate or cancel any of the AICE policies; and 

 if an event of default would occur, and is continuing, including on a pro forma basis, dividends or distributions would be permitted to be paid and redemptions and repurchases of the Company s stock would be permitted only up to million in any rolling 12-month period. 

 The Agreement also contains customary events of default and specified cross-defaults under the Company's workers' compensation insurance arrangements. If an event of default under the Agreement occurs and is continuing, the Bank may declare any outstanding obligations under the Agreement to be immediately due and payable. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. The Company maintained a mortgage loan with the Bank with a balance of approximately million at December 31, 2021. On January 31, 2022, the Company paid the outstanding balance of the mortgage loan. 

 51 

discretionary Company contributions were made to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . We made matching contributions of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company allows certain highly compensated employees of the Company to defer compensation under a nonqualified deferred compensation plan. The long-term portion of the deferred compensation plan liability was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is recorded in customer deposits and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The current portion of the deferred compensation plan liability was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is recorded in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the long-term portion of this plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is recorded in noncurrent restricted cash and investments on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the current portion of this plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is recorded in current restricted cash and investments on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 to . 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: Difference between undiscounted lease payments and discounted operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The Company has additional operating leases of million that have not commenced as of December 31, 2022 , and as such, have not been recognized in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. These operating leases are expected to commence in 2023 with lease terms of years. 

 53 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total provision 

() 

Workers' compensation claims liabilities 

Deferred compensation 

Operating lease liability 

MCC accrual 

Other 

Equity based compensation 

State credit carryforward 

Customer incentives 

Payroll tax deferral 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Tax amortization of goodwill 

() 

() 

Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net deferred income taxes 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Nondeductible expenses and other, net 

Adjustment for final positions on filed returns 

Federal and state tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

Under ASC 740, Income Taxes, management evaluates the realizability of the deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis under a more-likely-than-not standard. As part of this evaluation, management reviews all evidence both positive and negative to determine if a valuation allowance is needed. One component of this analysis is to determine whether the Company was in a cumulative loss position for the most recent 12 quarters. The Company was in a cumulative income position for the 12 quarters ended at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company s realization of a portion of net deferred tax assets is based in part on our estimates of the timing of reversals of certain temporary differences and on the generation of taxable income before such reversals. The Company is subject to income taxes in U.S. federal and multiple state and local tax jurisdictions. The Internal Revenue Service is examining the Company s federal tax returns for the years ended December 31, through . In November 2022, BBSI received notice that the IRS intends to disallow certain wage-based tax credits claimed for the years through , which could result in estimated total additional taxes of million and penalties of million. Tax year 2021 remains under audit, however, disallowance of similar wage-based credits would result in additional estimated tax due of million. The Company disagrees with the IRS determination to disallow certain wage-based credits taken by the Company and believes that the Company has the technical merits to defend its position. Based on management s more-likely-than-not assessment that the position is sustainable, no reserve for the aforementioned IRS notices of disallowance of wage-based tax credits or underpayment penalties has been recorded in the financial statements. In the major jurisdictions where it operates, the Company is generally no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years before 2016. As of December 31, 2022, total gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, were million, which would affect the Company's effective tax rate if recognized in future periods. The Company does not anticipate any material changes to the reserve in the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits. A portion of the consolidated income the Company generates is not subject to state income tax. Depending on the percentage of this income as compared to total consolidated income, the Company's state effective tax rate could fluctuate from expectations. 

 state operating loss carryforwards. At December 31, 2022 , the Company did t have a federal general business tax credit carryforward or an alternative minimum tax credit carryforward. 
 , of which the maximum number of shares for which incentive stock options may be granted is . The 2020 Plan replaced the Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), and new share-based awards may be granted under the 2015 Plan. The number of shares available for grant at December 31, 2022 was . Share-based compensation expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , was million, million and million, respectively. Related income tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , were million, million and million, respectively. Stock Options Outstanding stock options generally vest over either four or and expire after the date of grant. 

Options exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

stock options were granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 0 million, million, and million, respectively. The fair value of stock options vested for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 was and , respectively. stock options vested during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 , unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options was million with a weighted average remaining amortization period of years. Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock units generally vest in equal annual installments beginning following the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units was million with a weighted average remaining amortization period of years. Performance Share Units Performance share units PSUs are granted to key employees of the Company and are conditioned on attaining specified financial performance metrics. Awards are subject to upward or downward adjustments depending on whether the actual financial metrics are above or below the target level, with a maximum payout up to of a target number of shares. PSUs fully vest on the date that the Compensation Committee determines the level of attainment of specified performance goals, generally over a period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of PSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company offers employees the right to purchase shares at a discount from the market price under the Company s 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Subject to the annual statutory limit, employees are eligible to participate through payroll deductions of up to of their compensation. At the end of each six-month offering period, shares are purchased by the participants at of the fair market value at the end of the offering period. As of December 31, 2022 , approximately shares were reserved for future issuance under the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

 million of the Company s common stock over a period beginning . The new repurchase program replaces the program approved in August 2019 . The Company repurchased , and shares at an aggregate purchase price of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, shares of restricted stock units withheld to satisfy tax-withholding obligations from the vesting of restricted stock units were , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, which are not subject to the current repurchase program. See Note 5. Revolving Credit Facility and Long-Term Debt for related restrictions. 

 57 

million in other accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

58 

Item 9.	CHAN GES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 Item 9A.	CO NTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management is required to apply their judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Based on their evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our ICFR is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and our CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP in the United States of America. Management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our ICFR based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting has also been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included below. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations 
 Control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems' objectives are being met. Further, the design of any control systems must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of all controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Control 
 59 

systems can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certifications 
 The certifications of our CEO and CFO required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have been filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this report. 
 
 60 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Barrett Business Services, Inc. Vancouver, Washington 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Barrett Business Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 6, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report over Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Portland, Oregon 
 March 6, 2023 
 61 

Item 9B.	OT HER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 Item 9C.	DIS CLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 P ART III 
 Item 10.	DI RECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Item 1-Election of Directors, Background and Experience of Executive Officers and Code of Ethics in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report (the Proxy Statement ). 
 Item 11.	EXE CUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Director Compensation for 2022 and Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12.	SE CURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Stock Ownership of Principal Stockholders and Management Beneficial Ownership Table and Additional Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13.	CER TAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Item 1-Election of Directors and Related Person Transactions in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14.	PRIN CIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Matters Relating to Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 62 

PART IV 
 Item 15.	EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 
 The Financial Statements, together with the report thereon of Deloitte Touche LLP, are included on the pages indicated below: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 
 31 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 37 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 38 

No schedules are required to be filed herewith. 
 Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith or incorporated by reference and this list is intended to constitute the exhibit index. 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Charter of the Registrant, as amended, through May 31, 2018 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/8/2018 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended through May 27, 2020 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/5/2020 

4.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ), dated as of March 1, 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/7/2022 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement: Business Assets, dated as of March 1, 2022, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo. 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 4.2 
 
 3/7/2022 

4.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Standby Letter of Credit Agreement dated as of June 20, 2018, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 4.4 
 
 8/8/2018 

4.4 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note dated March 1, 2022 of the Registrant. 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 4.4 
 
 3/7/2022 

63 

4.5 
 
 Description of the Registrant's Capital Stock . 
 
 8-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 4.1 
 
 6/26/2020 

10.1 
 
 2009 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant (the 2009 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/10/2009 

10.2 
 
 2015 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant (the 2015 Plan . 
 
 8-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/2/2015 

10.3 
 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant (the 2020 Plan ). 
 
 8-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/2/2020 

10.4 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Executive Officers for awards granted beginning in 2018 under the 2015 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/8/2018 

10.5 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under 2020 Stock Incentive Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/4/2021 

10.6 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2009 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/10/2010 

10.7 
 
 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2009 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/9/2011 

10.8 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2009 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/9/2011 

10.9 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement between the Registrant and Thomas J. Carley dated July 1, 2016 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/9/2016 

10.10 
 
 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for grants to Gerald R. Blotz and Gary E. Kramer effective March 28, 2018, under the 2015 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/8/2018 

10.11 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement relating to February 2, 2015, grants under the 2009 Plan . 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.11 
 
 5/26/2016 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Executive Officers for awards granted beginning in 2018 under the 2015 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/8/2018 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2020 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/4/2020 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2020 Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/4/2020 

10.15 
 
 Summary of Compensatory Arrangements for Non-Employee Directors of the Registrant effective January 1, 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.18 
 
 3/7/2022 

10.16 
 
 Barrett Business Services, Inc., Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.8 
 
 8/9/2017 

10.17 
 
 First and Second Amendments to the Barrett Business Services, Inc., Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/7/2019 

64 

10.18 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/8/2018 

10.19 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for grants beginning July 1, 2020 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/4/2020 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Gary Kramer Jr., dated April 22, 2020 . 
 
 8-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/24/2020 

10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Gerald Blotz, dated April 22, 2020 . 
 
 8-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.3 
 
 4/24/2020 

10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Anthony Harris, dated April 22, 2020 . 
 
 8-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.4 
 
 4/24/2020 

10.23 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and James Potts, dated August 14, 2020 . 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.30 
 
 3/8/2021 

10.24 
 
 Amended Death Benefit Agreement entered into by the Registrant and Gerald L. Blotz effective October 30, 2020 . 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.31 
 
 3/8/2021 

10.25 
 
 Death Benefit Agreement entered into by the Registrant and Anthony Harris effective June 30, 2020 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.7 
 
 8/5/2020 

10.26 
 
 Amended Death Benefit Agreement entered into by the Registrant and Gary Kramer effective June 30, 2020 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.8 
 
 8/5/2020 

10.27 
 
 Death Benefit Agreement entered into by the Registrant and James Potts effective October 30, 2020 . 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.34 
 
 3/8/2021 

10.28 
 
 Barrett Business Services, Inc. Amended and Restated Annual Cash Incentive Award Plan . 
 
 10-K 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.45 
 
 3/5/2019 

10.29 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with each outside director of Barrett Business Services, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 0-21886 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/4/2021 

21. 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant . 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

X 

32. 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

X 

65 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 

104 
 
 Coverage Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

X 

Denotes a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Item 16.	FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 66 

SIGN ATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. 

Registrant 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony J. Harris 

Anthony J. Harris Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 6th day of March, 2023. 

Principal Executive Officer and Director: 

/s/ Gary E. Kramer 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Gary E. Kramer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer: 

/s/ Anthony J. Harris 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Anthony J. Harris 

Majority of Directors: 

/s/ Thomas J. Carley 
 
 Director 

Thomas J. Carley 

/s/ Joseph S. Clabby 
 
 Director 

Joseph S. Clabby 

/s/ Thomas B. Cusick 
 
 Director 

Thomas B. Cusick 

/s/ Jon L. Justesen 
 
 Director 

Jon L. Justesen 

/s/ Anthony Meeker 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 

Anthony Meeker 

/s/ Carla A. Moradi 
 
 Director 

Carla A. Moradi 

/s/ Alexandra Morehouse 
 
 Director 

Alexandra Morehouse 

/s/ Vincent P. Price 
 
 Director 

Vincent P. Price 

67 

<EX-21>
 2
 bbsi-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. 
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Associated Insurance Company for Excess 
 
 Arizona 

Ecole Insurance Company 
 
 Arizona 

BBS I, LLC 
 
 Oregon 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 bbsi-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-33487, 333-105833, 333-161592, 333-205434, 333-231926, and 333-239460 on Form S-8, and Registration Statement 333-260745 on Form S-3 of our reports dated March 6, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Barrett Business Services, Inc., and the effectiveness of Barrett Business Services, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Barrett Business Services, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Portland, Oregon March 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 bbsi-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Gary E. Kramer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Barrett Business Services, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most-recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 /s/ Gary E. Kramer 

Gary E. Kramer 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 bbsi-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Anthony J. Harris, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Barrett Business Services, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most-recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 /s/ Anthony J. Harris 

Anthony J. Harris 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 bbsi-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Barrett Business Services, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Gary E. Kramer 
 
 /s/ Anthony J. Harris 

Gary E. Kramer 
 
 Anthony J. Harris 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

March 6, 2023 
 
 March 6, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Barrett Business Services, Inc. and will be retained by Barrett Business Services, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bbsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bbsi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bbsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bbsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bbsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

