<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_350852_0001140361-23-009057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30081567</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>230614</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2605149</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14369273</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5695646</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5919784</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-009057.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228090138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-009057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC /KY/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000350852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				610979818
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			KY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31220
		FILM NUMBER:		23678816

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		346 NORTH MAYO TRAIL
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 2947
		CITY:			PIKEVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41502-2947
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(606)433-4643

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		346 NORTH MAYO TRAIL
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 2947
		CITY:			PIKEVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41502-2947

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-009057.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 brhc10048754_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

For the fiscal year ended 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

For the transition period from _____________ to _____________

Commission file number 

COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

(Title of class)

(Trading symbol)

(Name of exchange on which registered)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant
 to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
 reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
 complying with any new or revised nancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant has
 filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
 prepared or issued its audit report.

Yes 

No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the
 filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes 

No 

Based upon the closing price of the Common Shares of the Registrant on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, the aggregate market value of
 voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022 was million. For the purpose of the foregoing calculation
 only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been deemed affiliates. The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of January 31, 2023 was .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference
 certain information from the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023 . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

1 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

5 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

15 

Item 2. Properties 

15 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

16 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

16 

Information about our Executive Officers 

17 

PART II 

18 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

18 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

19 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

20 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

38 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

39 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

43 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

98 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

101 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

101 

Item 9B. Other Information 

103 

PART III 

103 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance of the Registrant 

103 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

103 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

103 

Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

104 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

104 

PART IV 

105 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

105 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

107 

Signatures 

108 

2 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain of the statements contained herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Community Trust Bancorp,
 Inc. s CTBI actual results may differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may
 increase, may fluctuate, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, and could. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, economic conditions,
 portfolio growth, the credit performance of the portfolios, including bankruptcies, and seasonal factors; changes in general economic conditions including the performance of financial markets, prevailing inflation and interest rates, realized gains
 from sales of investments, gains from asset sales, and losses on commercial lending activities; the effects of epidemics, pandemics or other infectious disease outbreaks, including the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic; results of various
 investment activities; the effects of competitors pricing policies, changes in laws and regulations, competition, and demographic changes on target market populations savings and financial planning needs; industry changes in information technology
 systems on which we are highly dependent; failure of acquisitions to produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within the time frames originally anticipated or unforeseen integration difficulties; and the resolution of legal 
 proceedings and related matters. In addition, the banking industry in general is subject to various monetary, operational, and fiscal policies and regulations, which include, but are not limited to, those determined by the Federal Reserve Board, the
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and state regulators, whose policies, regulations, and enforcement actions could affect CTBI s results. These statements are representative only on the date hereof, and
 CTBI undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made.

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. CTBI is a bank holding company registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Section 5(a) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
 as amended. CTBI was incorporated August 12, 1980, under the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky for the purpose of becoming a bank holding company. Currently, CTBI owns all the capital stock of one commercial bank and one trust company, serving
 small and mid-sized communities in eastern, northeastern, central, and south central Kentucky, southern West Virginia, and northeastern Tennessee. The commercial bank is Community Trust Bank, Inc., Pikeville, Kentucky CTB and the trust company
 is Community Trust and Investment Company, Lexington, Kentucky.

At December 31, 2022, CTBI had total consolidated assets of 5.4 billion and total consolidated deposits, including repurchase agreements, of 4.6 billion. Total shareholders equity at December 31,
 2022 was 628.0 million. Trust assets under management at December 31, 2022 were 3.2 billion, including CTB s investment portfolio totaling 1.3 billion.

Through our subsidiaries, CTBI engages in a wide range of commercial and personal banking and trust and wealth management activities, which include accepting time and demand deposits; making secured
 and unsecured loans to corporations, individuals, and others; providing cash management services to corporate and individual customers; issuing letters of credit; renting safe deposit boxes; and providing funds transfer services. The lending
 activities of CTB include making commercial, construction, mortgage, and personal loans. Lines of credit, revolving lines of credit, term loans, and other specialized loans, including asset-based financing, are also available. Our corporate
 subsidiaries act as trustees of personal trusts, as executors of estates, as trustees for employee benefit trusts, as paying agents for bond and stock issues, as investment agent, as depositories for securities, and as providers of full-service
 brokerage and insurance services.

1 

Table of Contents 

CTBI has supported numerous community organizations through financing projects for affordable housing, economic development, and revitalization of distressed and underserved areas. CTB s community
 development lending totaled over 32 million for the year 2022. Also, during 2022, CTBI made contributions totaling over 196 thousand to aid low and moderate income families and communities, encourage economic development, and provide relief to
 those impacted by natural disasters throughout our footprint and beyond. Our employees served over 1,400 hours throughout the year with organizations that provide affordable housing and other services to low and moderate income families, encourage
 economic development for small businesses and farms, and respond to natural disasters.

COMPETITION

CTBI s subsidiaries face substantial competition for deposit, credit, trust, wealth management, and brokerage relationships in the communities we serve. Competing providers include state banks,
 national banks, thrifts, trust companies, insurance companies, mortgage banking operations, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage companies, and other financial and non-financial companies which may offer products functionally equivalent to
 those offered by our subsidiaries. As financial services become increasingly dependent on technology, permitting transactions to be conducted by telephone, mobile banking, and the internet, non-bank institutions are able to attract funds and provide
 lending and other financial services without offices located in our market areas. Many of our nonbank competitors have fewer regulatory constraints, broader geographic service areas, greater capital, and, in some cases, lower cost structures. In
 addition, competition for quality customers has intensified as a result of changes in regulation, consolidation among financial service providers, and advances in technology and product delivery systems. Many of these providers offer services within
 and outside the market areas served by our subsidiaries. We strive to offer competitively priced products along with quality customer service to build customer relationships in the communities we serve.

The United States and global markets, as well as general economic conditions, have been volatile. Larger financial institutions could strengthen their competitive position as a result of ongoing
 consolidation within the financial services industry.

Banking legislation in Kentucky places no limits on the number of banks or bank holding companies that a bank holding company may acquire. Interstate acquisitions are allowed where reciprocity
 exists between the laws of Kentucky and the home state of the bank or bank holding company to be acquired. Bank holding companies continue to be limited to control of less than 15 of deposits held by federally insured depository institutions in
 Kentucky (exclusive of inter-bank and foreign deposits). Competition for deposits may be increasing as a consequence of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC assessments shifting from deposits to an asset-based formula, as larger banks may
 move away from non-deposit funding sources.

No material portion of our business is seasonal. We are not dependent upon any one customer or a few customers, and the loss of any one or a few customers would not have a material adverse effect on
 us. See note 18 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for additional information regarding concentrations of credit.

We do not engage in any operations in foreign countries.

HUMAN CAPITAL

We recognize the long-term value of a highly skilled, dedicated workforce, with an average tenure of over 10 years, and are committed to providing our employees with opportunities for personal and
 professional growth, whether it is by providing reimbursement of educational expenses, encouraging attendance at seminars and in-house training programs, or sponsoring memberships in local civic organizations.

Our employees recognize the long-term benefit of working with our organization as evidenced by the 20 of our employees who have more than 20 years of service. Our employees participate in numerous
 coaching, training, and educational programs, including required periodic training on topics such as ethics, privacy regulations, anti-money laundering, and UDAAP (Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices). Additionally, CTBI makes online
 training available to employees. Employees also have the opportunity to utilize programs that provide skill development online with over 8,000 varied courses, including topics in banking, finance, computers, customer service, sales, management, and
 personal skills such as time management, project management, and communication skills.

2 

Table of Contents 

In addition to classes provided by our training department, employees also have the opportunity to work on their skill development through attending secondary education courses. These are funded
 through our Educational Assistance Program.

As of December 31, 2022, CTBI and our subsidiaries had 985 full-time equivalent employees. Females comprise 75 of our workforce, and 61 of our managerial positions (supervisor or above) are held
 by females. This includes 68 of our branch managers, 29 of our market presidents, and 32 of our senior vice presidents. At the time of this filing, our Board of Directors is 20 female.

CTBI offers our employees competitive compensation, as well as a highly competitive benefits package. A retirement plan, an employee stock ownership plan, group life insurance, major medical
 insurance, a cafeteria plan, education reimbursement, and management and employee incentive compensation plans are available to all eligible personnel.

Employees are also offered the opportunity to complete periodic employee satisfaction surveys anonymously.

We actively support our employees with a wellness program. Since beginning the program in 2004, participating employees have experienced improvements in preventing cardiovascular disease, cancer,
 and diabetes. Many of our employees have experienced decreases in elevated medical risk factors, including alcohol consumption, tobacco usage, physical inactivity, high stress, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure.

In late July 2022, heavy rain and thunderstorms caused severe flooding in eastern Kentucky. The overwhelming amounts of rain and resultant flooding led to 39 deaths and widespread
 catastrophic damage. Entire homes and parts of some communities were swept away by flood waters, leading to costly damage to infrastructure in the region. Over 600 helicopter rescues and countless swift water rescues by boat were needed to evacuate
 people who were trapped by the quickly rising flood waters. CTBI was directly impacted with six of its branches being flooded. One of these branches was destroyed and had to be rebuilt. The rebuilt branch was re-opened on February 13, 2023. CTBI
 and its employees responded to this disaster by providing cash, replacement clothing, and furniture and by volunteering time to help flood victims clean their homes. CTBI provided paid time off to our employees willing to spend that time helping
 those impacted. Teams of employees worked directly in the affected communities helping with the cleanup. CTBI established a foundation to help its directors, officers, employees, and the public make donations to help the affected families. CTBI
 had 20 families that were directly affected, six of these families lost their homes. Through the newly formed foundation, these families were provided direct assistance allowing them to get back into their home more quickly.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

General

As a registered bank holding company, we are restricted to those activities permissible under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and are subject to actions of the Board of Governors of
 the Federal Reserve System thereunder. We are required to file an annual report with the Federal Reserve Board and are subject to an annual examination by the Board.

Community Trust Bank, Inc. is a state-chartered bank subject to state and federal banking laws and regulations and periodic examination by the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions and the
 restrictions, including dividend restrictions, thereunder. CTB is also a member of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to certain restrictions imposed by and to examination and supervision under the Federal Reserve Act. Community Trust and
 Investment Company is also regulated by the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions and the Federal Reserve.

3 

Table of Contents 

Deposits of CTB are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC, which subjects banks to regulation and examination under the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

The operations of CTBI and our subsidiaries are also affected by other banking legislation and policies and practices of various regulatory authorities. Such legislation and policies include
 statutory maximum rates on some loans, reserve requirements, domestic monetary and fiscal policy, and limitations on the kinds of services that may be offered.

CTBI s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website at www.ctbi.com 
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. CTBI s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other corporate governance documents are also available on
 our website. Copies of our annual report will be made available free of charge upon written request to:

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.

Mark A. Gooch

Vice Chairman, President, and CEO

P.O. Box 2947

Pikeville, KY 41502-2947

The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains an internet site http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding CTBI and
 other issuers that file electronically with the SEC.

Capital Requirements

Insured depository institutions are required to meet certain capital level requirements. On October 29, 2019, federal banking regulators adopted a final rule to simplify the regulatory capital
 requirements for eligible community banks and holding companies that opt-in to the community bank leverage ratio framework (the CBLR framework ), as required by Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018. Under
 the final rule, which became effective as of January 1, 2020, community banks and holding companies (which includes CTB and CTBI) that satisfy certain qualifying criteria, including having less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets
 and a leverage ratio (referred to as the community bank leverage ratio of greater than 9 , were eligible to opt-in to the CBLR framework. The community bank leverage ratio is the ratio of a banking organization s Tier 1 capital to its average
 total consolidated assets, both as reported on the banking organization s applicable regulatory filings.

In April 2020, as directed by Section 4012 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), the regulatory agencies introduced temporary changes to the CBLR. These
 changes, which subsequently were adopted as a final rule, temporarily reduced the CBLR requirement to 8 through the end of calendar year 2020. Beginning in calendar year 2021, the CBLR requirement increased to 8.5 for the calendar year before
 returning to 9 in calendar year 2022. Management elected to use the CBLR framework for CTBI and CTB. CTBI s CBLR ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 13.55 . CTB s CBLR ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 12.98 .

4 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

An investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent to our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect us are described below. Before making an
 investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference herein. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
 ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair our business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 See also, Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. If any of the following risks actually occur, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of
 our common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Economic Environment Risks 

Economic Risk

CTBI may continue to be adversely affected by economic and market conditions.

Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well
 as demand for loans and other products and services we offer, is highly dependent upon the business environment in the markets where we operate, in the states of Kentucky, West Virginia, and Tennessee and in the United States as a whole. A favorable
 business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, economic growth, efficient capital markets, low inflation, low unemployment, high business and investor confidence, and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain
 economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity, or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest
 rates; high unemployment; natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. Such conditions could adversely affect the credit quality of our loans and our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Economy of Our Markets

Our business may continue to be adversely affected by ongoing weaknesses in the local economies on which we depend.

Our loan portfolio is concentrated primarily in eastern, northeastern, central, and south central Kentucky, southern West Virginia, and northeastern Tennessee. Our profits depend on providing
 products and services to clients in these local regions. Although unemployment rates in many of our markets have decreased, they remain high compared to the national average. Increases in unemployment, decreases in real estate values, or increases
 in interest rates could weaken the local economies in which we operate. These economic indicators typically affect certain industries, such as real estate and financial services, more significantly. Also, our growth within certain of our markets
 may be adversely affected by inconsistent access to high speed internet and the lack of population and business growth in such markets in recent years. Weakness in our market area could depress our earnings and consequently our financial condition
 because:

Clients may not want, need, or qualify for our products and services;

Borrowers may not be able to repay their loans;

The value of the collateral securing our loans to borrowers may decline; and

The quality of our loan portfolio may decline.

Climate Change Risk

Our business may be adversely impacted by climate change and related initiatives.

Climate change and other emissions-related laws, regulations, and agreements have been proposed and, in some cases adopted, on the international, federal, state, and local levels. These final and
 proposed initiatives take the form of restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on emissions. Our markets include areas where the coal industry was historically a significant part of the local economy. The importance of the coal industry to such
 areas has, however, continued to decline substantially and the economies of our markets have become more diversified. Nevertheless, to the extent that existing or new climate change laws, regulations, or agreements further impact production,
 purchase, or use of coal, the economies of certain areas within our markets, the demand for financing, the value of collateral securing our coal-related loans, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

We, like all businesses, as well as our market areas, borrowers, and customers, may be adversely impacted to the extent that weather-related events cause damage or disruption to properties or
 businesses.

5 

Table of Contents 

Risk from COVID-19 and Other Infectious Disease Outbreaks Generally

Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, or other infectious disease outbreaks.

We may face risks related to epidemics, pandemics or other infectious disease outbreaks, which could result in a widespread health crisis that adversely affects general commercial activity, the
 global economy (including the states and local economies in which we operate), and financial markets. For example, the spread of COVID-19, which has been identified as a pandemic by the World Health Organization and declared a national emergency in
 the United States, created a global public-health crisis that resulted in significant economic uncertainty, and has impacted household, business, economic, and market conditions, including in the states and local economies in which we conduct nearly
 all of our business.

The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a new epidemic, pandemic or infectious disease outbreak, may result in us having to close certain offices and may require us to limit how customers
 conduct business through our branch network. If our employees are required to work remotely, we may be exposed to increased cybersecurity risks such as phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, all of which could expose us to liability and
 could seriously disrupt our business operations. Furthermore, our business operations may be disrupted due to vendors and third-party service providers being unable to work or provide services effectively during such a health crisis, including
 because of illness, quarantines, or other government actions.

In addition, an epidemic, a pandemic or another infectious disease outbreak, or the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, could again significantly impact households and businesses, or cause
 limitations on commercial activity, increased unemployment, and general economic and financial instability. An economic slow-down, or the reversal of the economic recovery, in the regions in which we conduct our business could result in declines in
 loan demand and collateral values. Furthermore, negative impacts on our customers caused by such a health crisis, including the continuation of COVID-19, could result in increased risk of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures, and losses on our
 loans. Moreover, governmental and regulatory actions taken in response to an epidemic, a pandemic, or another infectious disease outbreak may include decreased interest rates, which could adversely impact our interest margins and may lead to
 decreases in our net interest income.

The extent to which a widespread health crisis, including the continuation of COVID-19, may impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as its regulatory capital and
 liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the crisis, the potential for seasonal or other resurgences, actions taken by
 governmental authorities and other third parties to contain and treat such an epidemic, a pandemic or another infections disease outbreak, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Moreover, the effects
 of a widespread health crisis, including the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, may heighten many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. As a result, the negative effects on our business, results of operations, and
 financial condition from an epidemic, a pandemic, or another infectious disease outbreak, including the continuation or resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, could be material.

6 

Table of Contents 

Operational Risks 

Interest Rate Risk

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.

Our earnings and financial condition are dependent to a large degree upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from loans and investments and interest paid on deposits
 and borrowings. The narrowing of interest-rate spreads, meaning the difference between the interest rates earned on loans and investments and the interest rates paid on deposits and borrowings, could adversely affect our earnings and financial
 condition. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including:

The rate of inflation;

The rate of economic growth;

Employment levels;

Monetary policies; and

Instability in domestic and foreign financial markets.

Changes in market interest rates will also affect the level of voluntary prepayments on our loans and the receipt of payments on our mortgage-backed securities resulting in the receipt of proceeds
 that may be reinvested at a lower rate than the loan or mortgage-backed security being prepaid.

We originate residential loans for sale and for our portfolio. The origination of loans for sale is designed to meet client financing needs and earn fee income. The origination of loans for sale is
 highly dependent upon the local real estate market and the level and trend of interest rates. Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the fee income we earn. While our commercial banking,
 construction, and income property loan portfolios remain a significant portion of our activities, high interest rates may reduce our mortgage-banking activities and thereby our income. In contrast, decreasing interest rates have the effect of
 causing clients to refinance mortgage loans faster than anticipated. This causes the value of assets related to the servicing rights on loans sold to be lower than originally anticipated. If this happens, we may need to write down our servicing
 assets faster, which would accelerate our expense and lower our earnings.

We consider interest rate risk one of our most significant market risks. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income due to changes in interest rates. Consistency of
 our net interest revenue is largely dependent upon the effective management of interest rate risk. We employ a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage our interest rate risk, including the use of an earnings simulation model to
 analyze net interest income sensitivity to changing interest rates. The model is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for on and off-balance sheet instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of
 changing interest rates on the prepayment rates of certain financial assets and liabilities. Assumptions based on the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in interest rates are also incorporated into the model. 
 These assumptions are inherently uncertain, and as a result, the model cannot precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated
 results due to timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies.

Credit Risk

Our earnings and reputation may be adversely affected if we fail to effectively manage our credit risk.

Originating and underwriting loans are integral to the success of our business. This business requires us to take credit risk, which is the risk of losing principal and interest income because
 borrowers fail to repay loans. Collateral values and the ability of borrowers to repay their loans may be affected at any time by factors such as:

The length and severity of downturns in the local economies in which we operate or the national economy;

The length and severity of downturns in one or more of the business sectors in which our customers operate, particularly the automobile, hotel/motel, and residential development industries; or

A rapid increase in interest rates.

7 

Table of Contents 

Our loan portfolio includes loans with a higher risk of loss.

We originate commercial real estate residential loans, commercial real estate nonresidential loans, hotel/motel loans, other commercial loans, consumer loans, and residential mortgage loans,
 primarily within our market area. Commercial real estate residential, commercial real estate nonresidential, hotel/motel, and other commercial loans tend to involve larger loan balances to a single borrower or groups of related borrowers and are
 most susceptible to a risk of loss during a downturn in the business cycle. These loans also have historically had a greater credit risk than other loans for the following reasons:

Commercial Real Estate Residential . Repayment is dependent on income being generated in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service. 
 As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate residential loans comprised approximately 10 of our total loan portfolio.

Commercial Real Estate Nonresidential . Repayment is dependent on income being generated in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service. 
 As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate nonresidential loans comprised approximately 21 of our total loan portfolio.

Hotel/Motel . The hotel and motel industry is highly susceptible to changes in the domestic and global economic environments, which has caused the industry to experience substantial volatility due
 to the recent global pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, hotel/motel loans comprised approximately 9 of our total loan portfolio.

Other Commercial Loans . Repayment is generally dependent upon the successful operation of the borrower s business. In addition, the collateral securing
 the loans may depreciate over time, be difficult to appraise, be illiquid, or fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. As of December 31, 2022, other commercial loans comprised approximately 11 of our total loan portfolio.

Consumer loans may carry a higher degree of repayment risk than residential mortgage loans, particularly when the consumer loan is unsecured. Repayment of a consumer loan typically depends on the
 borrower s financial stability, and it is more likely to be affected adversely by job loss, illness, or personal bankruptcy. In addition, federal and state bankruptcy, insolvency, and other laws may limit the amount we can recover when a consumer
 client defaults. As of December 31, 2022, consumer loans comprised approximately 24 of our total loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 82 of our consumer loans and 20 of our total loan portfolio were consumer indirect loans. 
 Consumer indirect loans are fixed rate loans secured by new and used automobiles, trucks, vans, and recreational vehicles originated at selling dealerships which are purchased by us following our review and approval of such loans. These loans
 generally have a greater risk of loss in the event of default than, for example, one-to-four family residential mortgage loans due to the rapid depreciation of vehicles securing the loans. We face the risk that the collateral for a defaulted loan
 may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. We also assume the risk that the dealership administering the lending process does not comply with applicable consumer protection law and regulations.

A significant part of our lending business is focused on small to medium-sized business which may be impacted more severely during periods of economic weakness.

A significant portion of our commercial loan portfolio is tied to small to medium-sized businesses in our markets. During periods of economic weakness, small to medium-sized businesses may be
 impacted more severely than larger businesses. As a result, the ability of smaller businesses to repay their loans may deteriorate, particularly if economic challenges persist over a period of time, and such deterioration would adversely impact our
 results of operations and financial condition.

A large percentage of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, in particular commercial real estate. Weakness in the real estate market or other segments of our loan portfolio would lead to
 additional losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

8 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 65 of our loan portfolio was secured by real estate, with approximately 40 of the portfolio consisting of commercial real estate. High levels of commercial
 and consumer delinquencies or declines in real estate market values could require increased net charge-offs and increases in the allowance for credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
 of operations and prospects.

Competition

Strong competition within our market area may reduce our ability to attract and retain deposits and originate loans.

We face competition both in originating loans and in attracting deposits. Competition in the financial services industry is intense. We compete for clients by offering excellent service and
 competitive rates on our loans and deposit products. The type of institutions we compete with include commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage banking firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage
 and investment banking firms. Competition arises from institutions located within and outside our market areas. As financial services become increasingly dependent on technology, permitting transactions to be conducted by telephone, mobile banking,
 and the internet, non-bank institutions are able to attract funds and provide lending and other financial services without offices located in our market areas. As a result of their size and ability to achieve economies of scale, certain of our
 competitors offer a broader range of products and services than we offer. With the increased consolidation in the financial industry, larger financial institutions may strengthen their competitive positions. In addition, to stay competitive in our
 markets we may need to adjust the interest rates on our products to match the rates offered by our competitors, which could adversely affect our net interest margin. As a result, our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully
 compete in our market areas while achieving our investment objectives.

Technology and other changes are allowing consumers to complete financial transactions through alternative methods to those which historically involved banks. For example, consumers can now hold
 funds that would have been held as bank deposits in mutual funds, brokerage accounts, general purpose reloadable prepaid cards, or cyber currency. In addition, consumers can complete transactions, such as paying bills or transferring funds, directly
 without utilizing the services of a bank. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries (known as disintermediation) could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of deposits and the income that might be generated from those
 deposits. The related revenue reduction could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.

Operational Risk

An extended disruption of vital infrastructure or a security breach could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our operations depend upon, among other things, our infrastructure, including equipment and facilities. Extended disruption of vital infrastructure by fire, power loss, natural disaster,
 telecommunications failure, computer hacking or viruses, terrorist activity or the domestic and foreign response to such activity, or other events outside of our control could have a material adverse impact on the financial services industry as a
 whole and on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition in particular. Our business recovery plan may not work as intended or may not prevent significant interruption of our operations. The occurrence of any failures,
 interruptions, or security breaches of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in the loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any
 of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation.

Our information technology systems and networks may experience interruptions, delays, or cessations of service or produce errors due to regular maintenance efforts, such as systems integration or
 migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, disruptive, and resource intensive. Such
 disruptions could damage our reputation and otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations.

9 

Table of Contents 

Third party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure, such as processing, internet connections, and network access. While CTBI selected these third party vendors carefully
 through our vendor management process, we do not control their actions and generally are not able to obtain satisfactory indemnification provisions in our third party vendor written contracts. Any problems caused by third parties or arising from
 their services, such as disruption in service, negligence in the performance of services or a breach of customer data security with regard to the third parties systems, could adversely affect our ability to deliver services, negatively impact our
 business reputation, cause a loss of customers, or result in increased expenses, regulatory fines and sanctions, or litigation.

Claims and litigation may arise pertaining to fiduciary responsibility.

Customers may, from time to time, make a claim and take legal action pertaining to our performance of fiduciary responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to our performance
 of fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability, adversely affect the market perception of us and our products
 and services, and impact customer demand for those products and services. Any such financial liability or reputational damage could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Significant legal actions could subject us to uninsured liabilities.

From time to time, we may be subject to claims related to our operations. These claims and legal actions, including supervisory actions by our regulators, could involve significant amounts. We
 maintain insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles we believe are appropriate for our operations. However, our insurance coverage may not cover all claims against us and related costs, and further insurance coverage may not continue to be
 available at a reasonable cost. As a result, CTBI could be exposed to uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect CTBI s business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Technology Risk

CTBI continually encounters technological change.

The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology
 increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services
 that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement
 new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material
 adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.

Cyber Risk

A breach in the security of our systems could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and create significant financial and legal exposure
 for us.

Our businesses are dependent on our ability and the ability of our third party service providers to process, record, and monitor a large number of transactions. If the financial, accounting, data
 processing, or other operating systems and facilities fail to operate properly, become disabled, experience security breaches, or have other significant shortcomings, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of information security risk, while the Risk and Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of information
 security risk. The Risk and Compliance Committee has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. The Chairman of this Committee makes a quarterly report to
 the Board covering key risk areas. We have an annual third-party information technology review conducted by information security professionals following industry-standard testing procedures. All employees go through information security training
 annually, in addition to random quarterly phishing testing. CTBI has not experienced any data breaches. In the event of an information security breach, we have an insurance policy in place.

10 

Table of Contents 

Although we and our third party service providers devote significant resources to maintain and upgrade our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of computer systems,
 software, networks, and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information belonging to us and our customers, there is no assurance that our security systems and those of our third party service providers will
 provide absolute security. Financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to
 obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, and other means. Despite our efforts and those of
 our third party service providers to ensure the integrity of these systems, it is possible that we or our third party service providers may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these
 types, especially because techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources.

A successful breach of the security of our systems or those of our third party service providers could cause serious negative consequences to us, including significant disruption of our operations,
 misappropriation of our confidential information or the confidential information of our customers, or damage to our computers or operating systems, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our
 customers, loss in confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, litigation exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. While we maintain insurance coverage that should, subject to
 policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of our cyber risks, this insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses we could experience resulting from a cyber-security breach. Moreover, the cost of insurance sufficient to cover
 substantially all, or a reasonable portion, of losses related to cyber security breaches is expected to increase and such increases are likely to be material.

Banking customers and employees have been, and will likely continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications in attempts to misappropriate passwords, account
 information, or other personal information, or to introduce viruses or other malware to bank information systems or customers computers. Though we endeavor to lessen the success of such threats through the use of authentication technology and
 employee education, such cyber-attacks remain a serious issue. Publicity concerning security and cyber-related problems could inhibit the use or growth of electronic or web-based applications as a means of conducting banking and other commercial
 transactions.

We could incur increased costs or reductions in revenue or suffer reputational damage in the event of misuse of information.

Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks regarding our customers and their accounts. To provide these
 products and services, we use information systems and infrastructure that we and third party service providers operate. As a financial institution, we also are subject to and examined for compliance with an array of data protection laws,
 regulations, and guidance, as well as to our own internal privacy and information security policies and programs.

Information security risks for financial institutions like us have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and
 telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, and other external parties. Our technologies and systems may become the target of cyber-attacks or other
 attacks that could result in the misuse or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary, or other information or that could result in disruptions to the business operations of us or our customers or other third parties. Also, our
 customers, in order to access some of our products and services, may use personal computers, smart mobile phones, tablet PCs, and other devices that are beyond our controls and security systems. Further, a breach or attack affecting one of our
 third-party service providers or partners could impact us through no fault of our own. In addition, because the methods and techniques employed by perpetrators of fraud and others to attack systems and applications change frequently and often are
 not fully recognized or understood until after they have been launched, we and our third-party service providers and partners may be unable to anticipate certain attack methods in order to implement effective preventative measures.

11 

Table of Contents 

While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible security breach of our information systems, if unauthorized persons were somehow to get access to
 confidential or proprietary information in our possession or to our proprietary information, it could result in litigation and regulatory investigations, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in
 the security of our systems that could materially adversely affect our results of operation.

Counterparty Risk

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect CTBI.

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services companies are
 interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry,
 including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional counterparties. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services companies, or the
 financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or
 client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan due us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not
 materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, or results of operations.

Acquisition Risks 

Acquisition Risk

We may have difficulty in the future continuing to grow through acquisitions.

We may experience difficulty in making acquisitions on acceptable terms due to the decreasing number of suitable acquisition targets, competition for attractive acquisitions, regulatory impediments,
 and certain limitations on interstate acquisitions.

Any future acquisitions or mergers by CTBI or our banking subsidiary are subject to approval by the appropriate federal and state banking regulators. The banking regulators evaluate a number of
 criteria in making their approval decisions, such as:

Safety and soundness guidelines;

Compliance with all laws including the USA PATRIOT Act, the International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations promulgated under such Act or the Exchange
 Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, and all other applicable fair lending and consumer protection laws and other laws relating to discriminatory
 business practices; and

Anti-competitive concerns with the proposed transaction.

If the banking regulators or a commenter on our regulatory application raise concerns about any of these criteria at the time a regulatory application is filed, the banking regulators may deny,
 delay, or condition their approval of a proposed transaction. We have grown, and, subject to regulatory approval, intend to continue to grow, through acquisitions of banks and other financial institutions. After these acquisitions, we may
 experience adverse changes in results of operations of acquired entities, unforeseen liabilities, asset quality problems of acquired entities, loss of key personnel, loss of clients because of change of identity, difficulties in integrating data
 processing and operational procedures, and deterioration in local economic conditions. These various acquisition risks can be heightened in larger transactions.

12 

Table of Contents 

Integration Risk

We may not be able to achieve the expected integration and cost savings from our bank acquisition activities.

We have a long history of acquiring financial institutions and, subject to regulatory approval, we expect this acquisition activity to resume in the future. Difficulties may arise in the integration
 of the business and operations of the financial institutions that agree to merge with and into CTBI and, as a result, we may not be able to achieve the cost savings and synergies that we expect will result from the merger activities. Achieving cost
 savings is dependent on consolidating certain operational and functional areas, eliminating duplicative positions and terminating certain agreements for outside services. Additional operational savings are dependent upon the integration of the
 banking businesses of the acquired financial institution with that of CTBI, including the conversion of the acquired entity s core operating systems, data systems, and products to those of CTBI and the standardization of business practices. 
 Complications or difficulties in the conversion of the core operating systems, data systems, and products of these other banks to those of CTBI may result in the loss of clients, damage to our reputation within the financial services industry,
 operational problems, one-time costs currently not anticipated by us, and/or reduced cost savings resulting from the merger activities.

Market and Liquidity Risks 

Market Risk

CTBI s stock price is volatile.

Our stock price has been volatile in the past, and several factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These factors include:

Actual or anticipated variations in earnings;

Changes in analysts recommendations or projections;

CTBI s announcements of developments related to our businesses;

Operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers;

New technology used or services offered by traditional and non-traditional competitors;

News reports of trends, concerns, and other issues related to the financial services industry; and

Additional governmental policies and enforcement of current laws.

Our stock price may fluctuate significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to CTBI s performance. Although investor confidence in financial institutions has strengthened, the
 financial crisis adversely impacted investor confidence in the financial institutions sector. General market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and the current market price may not
 be indicative of future market prices.

Liquidity Risk

CTBI is subject to liquidity risk.

CTBI requires liquidity to meet our deposit and debt obligations as they come due and to fund loan demands. CTBI s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on terms
 that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Factors that could reduce our access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the market, difficult credit
 markets, or adverse regulatory actions against CTBI. CTBI s access to deposits may also be affected by the liquidity needs of our depositors. In particular, a substantial majority of CTBI s liabilities are demand, savings, interest checking, and
 money market deposits, which are payable on demand or upon several days notice, while by comparison, a substantial portion of our assets are loans, which cannot be called or sold in the same time frame. To the extent that consumer confidence in
 other investment vehicles, such as the stock market, increases, customers may move funds from bank deposits and products into such other investment vehicles. Although CTBI historically has been able to replace maturing deposits and advances as
 necessary, we might not be able to replace such funds in the future, especially if a large number of our depositors sought to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

13 

Table of Contents 

Legal, Legislation, and Regulation Risks 

Risks Related to Regulatory Policies and Oversight

The banking industry is heavily regulated, and our business may be adversely affected by legislation or changes in regulatory policies and oversight.

The earnings of banks and bank holding companies such as ours are affected by the policies of regulatory authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the money supply. Among the
 methods employed by the Federal Reserve Board are open market operations in U.S. Government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These methods are used
 in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments, and deposits, and their use may also affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have
 had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial and savings banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future.

In recent years, federal banking regulators have increased regulatory scrutiny, and additional limitations on financial institutions have been proposed or adopted by regulators and by Congress. 
 Moreover, banking regulatory agencies have increasingly over the last few years used authority under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect to alleged unfair or deceptive acts or practices
 by banks to address practices that may not necessarily fall within the scope of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The banking industry is highly regulated and changes in federal and state banking regulations as well as policies and
 administration guidelines may affect our practices, growth prospects, and earnings. In particular, there is no assurance that governmental actions designed to stabilize the economy and banking system will not adversely affect our financial position
 or results of operations.

From time to time, CTBI and/or our subsidiaries may be involved in information requests, reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal) by various governmental agencies and law
 enforcement authorities regarding our respective businesses. Any of these matters may result in material adverse consequences to CTBI and our subsidiaries, including adverse judgements, findings, limitations on merger and acquisition activity,
 settlements, fines, penalties, orders, injunctions, and other actions. Such adverse consequences may be material to the financial position of CTBI or our results of operations.

In particular, consumer products and services are subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance with consumer laws and regulations. We may face a greater number
 or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices. In addition, any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments could result in a significant loss of
 revenue, require remuneration to customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase certain prices and therefore reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, cause harm
 to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer business.

The financial services industry has experienced leadership changes at federal banking agencies, which may impact regulations and government policy applicable to us. New appointments to the Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve could affect monetary policy and interest rates.

We are required to maintain certain minimum amounts and types of capital and may be subject to more stringent capital requirements in the future. A failure to meet applicable capital requirements
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that we must maintain. From time to time, banking regulators change these regulatory capital adequacy
 guidelines. See Item 1 above for additional information regarding current capital requirements. A failure to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if
 undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

14 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Liability Risk

We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activity.

A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing loans. In doing so, there
 is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require
 us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to
 existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect
 all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

Our main office, which is owned by Community Trust Bank, Inc., is located at 346 North Mayo Trail, Pikeville, Kentucky 41501. Following is a schedule of properties owned and leased by CTBI and our
 subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022:

Location

Owned

Leased

Total

Banking locations:

Community Trust Bank, Inc.

Pikeville Market (lease land at 3 owned locations)

9

1

10

10 locations in Pike County, Kentucky

Floyd/Knott/Johnson Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

3

1

4

2 locations in Floyd County, Kentucky, 1 location in Knott County, Kentucky, and 1 location in Johnson County, Kentucky

Tug Valley Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

2

0

2

1 location in Pike County, Kentucky, 1 location in Mingo County, West Virginia

Whitesburg Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

4

1

5

5 locations in Letcher County, Kentucky

Hazard Market (lease land at 2 owned locations)

3

0

3

3 locations in Perry County, Kentucky

Lexington Market (lease land at 3 owned locations)

4

2

6

6 locations in Fayette County, Kentucky

Winchester Market

2

0

2

2 locations in Clark County, Kentucky

Richmond Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

3

0

3

3 locations in Madison County, Kentucky

Mt. Sterling Market

2

0

2

2 locations in Montgomery County, Kentucky

Versailles Market (lease land at 3 owned locations)

3

2

5

1 location in Woodford County, Kentucky, 2 locations in Franklin County, Kentucky, and 2 locations in Scott County, Kentucky

Danville Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

3

0

3

2 locations in Boyle County, Kentucky and 1 location in Mercer County, Kentucky

15 

Table of Contents 

Ashland Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

5

0

5

4 locations in Boyd County, Kentucky and 1 location in Greenup County, Kentucky

Flemingsburg Market

3

0

3

3 locations in Fleming County, Kentucky

Advantage Valley Market

3

1

4

2 locations in Lincoln County, West Virginia, 1 location in Wayne County, West Virginia, and 1 location in Cabell County, West Virginia

Summersville Market

1

0

1

1 location in Nicholas County, West Virginia

Middlesboro Market (lease land at 1 owned location)

3

0

3

3 locations in Bell County, Kentucky

Williamsburg Market

5

0

5

2 locations in Whitley County, Kentucky and 3 locations in Laurel County, Kentucky

Campbellsville Market (lease land at 2 owned locations)

8

0

8

2 locations in Taylor County, Kentucky, 2 locations in Pulaski County, Kentucky, 1 location in Adair County, Kentucky, 1 location in Green County, Kentucky, 1 location in Russell County, Kentucky, and 1 location
 in Marion County, Kentucky

Mt. Vernon Market

2

0

2

2 locations in Rockcastle County, Kentucky

LaFollette Market

3

0

3

2 locations in Campbell County, Tennessee and 1 location in Anderson County, Tennessee

Total banking locations

71

8

79

Operational locations:

Community Trust Bank, Inc.

Pikeville (Pike County, Kentucky) (lease land at 1 owned location)

1

0

1

Total operational locations

1

0

1

Total locations

72

8

80

Community Trust and Investment Company has leased offices in the main office locations in these markets.

In April 2022, Versailles Main relocated into a new branch location and Woodford Plaza Branch closed as part of a branch consolidation. A new branch, Georgetown Main, opened in November 2022. See
 notes 7 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for the year ended December 31, 2022, for additional information relating to lease commitments and amounts invested in premises and equipment.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

CTBI and subsidiaries, and from time to time, our officers, are named defendants in legal actions arising from ordinary business activities. Management, after consultation with legal counsel,
 believes any pending actions are without merit or that the ultimate liability, if any, will not materially affect our consolidated financial position or results of operations.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

16 

Table of Contents 

Information about our Executive Officers

Set forth below are the executive officers of CTBI, their positions with CTBI, and the year in which they first became an executive officer.

Name and Age (1)

Positions and Offices 

 Currently Held

Date First Became

 Executive Officer

Principal Occupation

Mark A. Gooch; 64

Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

1997

(2)

Vice Chairman, President, and CEO of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.

Kevin J. Stumbo; 62

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer

2002

Executive Vice President/ Chief Financial Officer of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

Richard W. Newsom; 68

Executive Vice President

2002

(3)

Executive Vice President/ President of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

Andy D. Waters; 57

Executive Vice President

2011

President and CEO of Community Trust and Investment Company

C. Wayne Hancock; 48

Executive Vice President and Secretary

2014

(4)

Executive Vice President/ Senior Staff Attorney

James B. Draughn; 63

Executive Vice President

2001

Executive Vice President/Operations of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

James J. Gartner; 81

Executive Vice President

2002

Executive Vice President/ Chief Credit Officer of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

Steven E. Jameson; 66

Executive Vice President

2004

(5)

Executive Vice President/ Chief Internal Audit Risk Officer

Ricky D. Sparkman; 60

Executive Vice President

2002

Executive Vice President/ South Central Region President of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

D. Andrew Jones; 60

Executive Vice President

2010

Executive Vice President/ Northeastern Region President of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

David Tackett; 57

Executive Vice President

2022

(6)

Executive Vice President/ Eastern Region President of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

Billie J. Dollins; 62

Executive Vice President

2023

(7)

Executive Vice President/ Central Kentucky Region President of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

(1) 

The ages listed for CTBI s executive officers are as of February 28, 2023.

(2) 

Mr. Gooch became President of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. on July 27, 2021 and assumed the additional positions of Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CTBI effective February 7, 2022, upon the retirement of Jean R. Hale. Mr.
 Gooch retained his previous position as Chief Executive Officer of Community Trust Bank, Inc. and assumed the additional roles of Chairman of Community Trust Bank, Inc. and Chairman of Community Trust and Investment Company also effective
 with Ms. Hale s retirement on February 7, 2022.

17 

Table of Contents 

(3) 

Mr. Newsom became President of Community Trust Bank, Inc. on February 7, 2022. He previously served as President of the Eastern Region of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

(4) 

Mr. Hancock became Secretary of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. on February 7, 2022.

(5) 

Mr. Jameson is a non-voting member of the Executive Committee.

(6) 

Mr. Tackett became Executive Vice President of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. and President of the Eastern Region of Community Trust Bank, Inc. on February 7, 2022. He previously held the position of President of the Floyd, Knott, and
 Johnson Market of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

(7) 

Ms. Dollins became Executive Vice President of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. and President of the Central Kentucky Region of Community Trust Bank, Inc. on January 3, 2023, following the retirement of Larry W. Jones. She previously held
 the position of President of the Versailles Market of Community Trust Bank, Inc.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CTBI. As of January 31, 2023, there were approximately 8,700 holders of record of our outstanding common shares.

Dividends

The annual dividend paid to our stockholders was increased from 1.57 per share to 1.68 per share during 2022. We have adopted a conservative policy of cash dividends by generally maintaining an
 average annual cash dividend ratio of approximately 45 , with periodic stock dividends. The current year cash dividend ratio was 36.6 ; however, the 10-year average dividend payout ratio has been 42.4 . Dividends are typically paid on a quarterly
 basis. Future dividends are subject to the discretion of CTBI s Board of Directors, cash needs, general business conditions, dividends from our subsidiaries, and applicable governmental regulations and policies. For information concerning
 restrictions on dividends from the subsidiary bank to CTBI, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Stock Repurchases

CTBI did not acquire any shares of stock through the stock repurchase program during the year 2022. CTBI repurchased 32,664 shares of its common stock during 2020, leaving 1,034,706 shares remaining
 under CTBI's current repurchase authorization. For further information, see the Stock Repurchase Program section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

For information concerning securities authorized for issuance under CTBI s equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters.

18 

Table of Contents 

Common Stock Performance

The following graph shows the cumulative total return experienced by CTBI s shareholders during the last five years compared to the NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S.) and the NASDAQ Bank Stock Index. The
 graph assumes the investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 in CTBI s common stock and in each index and the reinvestment of all dividends paid during the five-year period.

Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return

among Community Trust Bancorp, Inc., NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S.),

and NASDAQ Bank Stocks

Fiscal Year Ending December 31 )

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.

100.00

87.03

105.73

87.45

106.64

116.43

NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S.)

100.00

94.56

124.03

150.41

189.36

152.00

NASDAQ Bank Stocks

100.00

83.60

114.68

100.00

137.32

113.60

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

19 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Overview

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand Community Trust Bancorp, Inc., our
 operations, and our present business environment. The MD A is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item 8 of this annual report. 
 The MD A includes the following sections:

Our Business

Financial Goals and Performance

Results of Operations and Financial Condition

Liquidity and Market Risk

Interest Rate Risk

Capital Resources

Impact of Inflation, Changing Prices, and Economic Conditions

Stock Repurchase Program

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our Business

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. CTBI is a bank holding company headquartered in Pikeville, Kentucky. Currently, we own one commercial bank, Community Trust Bank, Inc. CTB and one trust
 company, Community Trust and Investment Company. Through our subsidiaries, we have seventy-eight banking locations in eastern, northeastern, central, and south central Kentucky, southern West Virginia, and northeastern Tennessee, four trust offices
 across Kentucky, and one trust office in northeastern Tennessee. At December 31, 2022, we had total consolidated assets of 5.4 billion and total consolidated deposits, including repurchase agreements, of 4.6 billion. Total shareholders equity at
 December 31, 2022 was 628.0 million. Trust assets under management at December 31, 2022 were 3.2 billion, including CTB s investment portfolio totaling 1.3 billion.

Through our subsidiaries, CTBI engages in a wide range of commercial and personal banking and trust and wealth management activities, which include accepting time and demand deposits; making secured
 and unsecured loans to corporations, individuals, and others; providing cash management services to corporate and individual customers; issuing letters of credit; renting safe deposit boxes; and providing funds transfer services. The lending
 activities of CTB include making commercial, construction, mortgage, and personal loans. Lease-financing, lines of credit, revolving lines of credit, term loans, and other specialized loans, including asset-based financing, are also available. Our
 corporate subsidiaries act as trustees of personal trusts, as executors of estates, as trustees for employee benefit trusts, as paying agents for bond and stock issues, as investment agent, as depositories for securities, and as providers of
 full-service brokerage, and insurance services. For further information, see Item 1 of this annual report.

20 

Table of Contents 

Financial Goals and Performance

The following table shows the primary measurements used by management to assess annual performance. The goals in the table below should not be viewed as a forecast of our performance for 2023. 
 Rather, the goals represent a range of target performance for 2023. There is no assurance that any or all of these goals will be achieved. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements. 

2022 Goals

2022 Performance

2023 Goals

Basic earnings per share

4.15 - 4.31

4.59

4.57 - 4.75

Net income

74.1 - 77.1 million

81.8 million

82.0 - 85.4 million

ROAA

1.35 - 1.40 

1.50 

1.50 - 1.56 

ROAE

10.18 - 10.59 

12.73 

12.26 - 12.76 

Revenues

216.0 - 224.8 million

227.0 million

237.9 - 247.6 million

Noninterest revenue as of total revenue

24.00 - 26.00 

25.51 

24.00 - 26.00 

Assets

5.42 - 5.75 billion

5.38 billion

5.38 - 5.72 billion

Loans

3.41 - 3.55 billion

3.71 billion

3.77 - 3.92 billion

Deposits, including repurchase agreements

4.63 - 4.82 billion

4.64 billion

4.64 - 4.83 billion

Shareholders equity

733.5 - 763.4 million

628.0 million

686.5 - 714.5 million

Results of Operations and Financial Condition

We reported earnings of 81.8 million, or 4.59 per basic share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 87.9 million, or 4.94 per basic share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 decrease in net income from prior year was primarily due to the 6.4 million recovery of provision for credit losses taken in 2021 compared to provision expense of 4.9 million for the year 2022 and a 5.3 million decline in gains on sales of loans
 year over year. Total revenue for 2022 was 3.5 million above prior year, as net interest revenue increased 6.0 million and noninterest income decreased 2.5 million compared to prior year.

21 

Table of Contents 

2022 Highlights 

Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 6.0 million, or 3.7 , from December 31, 2021 with an 11 basis point increase in our net interest margin and a 13.4 million increase in average earning assets.

Provision for credit losses was 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a recovery of provision of 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Our loan portfolio increased 300.5 million, or 8.8 , from December 31, 2021. Loans excluding Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans increased 347.0 million during the year.

Net loan charge-offs were 0.7 million, or 0.02 of average loans annualized, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net recovery of loan losses of 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Asset quality remained strong during the year 2022, as nonperforming loans at 15.3 million decreased 1.3 million, or 7.9 , from December 31, 2021. Nonperforming assets at 19.0 million decreased 1.1 million, or 5.6 , from December 31,
 2021.

Deposits, including repurchase agreements, increased 26.2 million, or 0.6 , from December 31, 2021.

Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 at 57.9 million decreased 2.5 million, or 4.2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.

Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 at 121.1 million increased 1.8 million, or 1.5 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.

Income Statement Review 

(dollars in thousands)

Change 2022 vs. 2021

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

Amount

Percent

Net interest income

169,102

163,079

6,023

3.7

Provision for credit losses (recovery)

4,905

(6,386

11,291

(176.8

Noninterest income

57,916

60,463

(2,547

(4.2

Noninterest expense

121,071

119,285

1,786

1.5

Income taxes

19,228

22,704

(3,476

(15.3

Net income

81,814

87,939

(6,125

(7.0

Average earning assets

5,129,345

5,115,961

13,384

0.3

Yield on average earnings assets, tax equivalent 

3.87

3.50

0.37

10.7

Cost of interest bearing funds

0.85

0.45

0.40

91.3

Net interest margin, tax equivalent 

3.32

3.21

0.11

3.4

Yield on average earning assets and net interest margin are computed on a taxable equivalent basis using a 24.95 tax rate.

22 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Average Balance Sheets and Taxable Equivalent Income/Expense and Yields/Rates

2022

2021

(in thousands)

Average

 Balances

Interest

Average

 Rate

Average

 Balances

Interest

Average

 Rate

Earning assets:

Loans (1)(2)(3)

3,552,941

169,950

4.78

3,455,742

159,893

4.63

Loans held for sale

893

94

10.53

8,737

379

4.34

Securities:

U.S. Treasury and agencies

1,022,511

14,699

1.44

970,754

9,958

1.03

Tax exempt state and political subdivisions (3)

119,118

3,795

3.19

138,158

3,921

2.84

Other securities

260,423

6,996

2.69

218,202

4,023

1.84

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock

12,388

603

4.87

14,005

486

3.47

Federal funds sold

414

15

3.62

73

0

0.00

Interest bearing deposits

158,563

2,484

1.57

308,200

372

0.12

Other investments

245

0

0.00

245

0

0.00

Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries

1,849

62

3.35

1,845

34

1.84

Total earning assets

5,129,345

198,698

3.87

5,115,961

179,066

3.50

Allowance for credit losses

(43,081

(44,157

5,086,264

5,071,804

Nonearning assets:

Cash and due from banks

59,645

60,160

Premises and equipment and right of use assets, net

53,928

53,441

Other assets

238,859

201,836

Total assets

5,438,696

5,387,241

Interest bearing liabilities:

Deposits:

Savings and demand deposits

2,020,065

16,526

0.82

1,925,263

4,505

0.23

Time deposits

1,027,726

7,542

0.73

1,057,347

8,248

0.78

Repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased

243,102

2,540

1.04

334,520

1,254

0.37

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

898

20

2.23

384

0

0.00

Long-term debt

57,841

1,943

3.36

57,841

1,028

1.78

Finance lease liability

1,589

69

4.34

1,433

55

3.84

Total interest bearing liabilities

3,351,221

28,640

0.85

3,376,788

15,090

0.45

Noninterest bearing liabilities:

Demand deposits

1,398,778

1,276,367

Other liabilities

46,274

51,389

Total liabilities

4,796,273

4,704,544

Shareholders equity

642,423

682,697

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

5,438,696

5,387,241

Net interest income, tax equivalent

170,058

163,976

Less tax equivalent interest income

956

897

Net interest income

169,102

163,079

Net interest spread

3.02

3.05

Benefit of interest free funding

0.30

0.16

Net interest margin

3.32

3.21

(1)

Interest includes fees on loans of 1,723 and 1,763 in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(2)

Loan balances include deferred loan origination costs and principal balances on nonaccrual loans.

(3)

Tax exempt income on securities and loans is reported on a fully taxable equivalent basis using a 24.95 rate.

23 

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Differential

The following table illustrates the approximate effect of volume and rate changes on net interest differentials between 2022 and 2021.

Total 

 Change

Change Due to

(in thousands)

2022/2021

Volume

Rate

Interest income:

Loans

10,057

4,566

5,491

Loans held for sale

(285

(153

(132

U.S. Treasury and agencies

4,741

556

4,185

Tax exempt state and political subdivisions

(126

(505

379

Other securities

2,973

884

2,089

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock

117

(51

168

Federal funds sold

15

0

15

Interest bearing deposits

2,112

(96

2,208

Other investments

0

0

0

Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries

28

0

28

Total interest income

19,632

5,201

14,431

Interest expense:

Savings and demand deposits

12,021

233

11,788

Time deposits

(706

(235

(471

Repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased

1,286

(261

1,547

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

20

0

20

Long-term debt

915

0

915

Finance lease liability

14

6

8

Total interest expense

13,550

(257

13,807

Net interest income

6,082

5,458

624

For purposes of the above table, changes which are due to both rate and volume are allocated based on a percentage basis, using the absolute values of rate and volume variance as a basis for
 percentages. Income is stated at a fully taxable equivalent basis, using a 24.95 tax rate.

24 

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Income

(dollars in thousands)

 Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

Percent Change

Components of net interest income:

Income on earning assets

197,742

178,169

11.0

Expense on interest bearing liabilities

28,640

15,090

89.8

Net interest income

169,102

163,079

3.7

TEQ

956

897

6.5

Net interest income, tax equivalent

170,058

163,976

3.7

Average yield and rates paid:

Earning assets yield

3.87

3.50

10.7

Rate paid on interest bearing liabilities

0.85

0.45

91.3

Gross interest margin

3.02

3.05

(1.1

Net interest margin

3.32

3.21

3.4

Average balances:

Investment securities

1,402,052

1,327,114

5.6

Loans

3,552,941

3,455,742

2.8

Earning assets

5,129,345

5,115,961

0.3

Interest-bearing liabilities

3,351,221

3,376,788

(0.8

Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 169.1 million increased 6.0 million, or 3.7 , from prior year. Average earning assets for the year 2022 increased 13.4 million over
 prior year. Our yield on average earning assets for the year 2022 increased 37 basis points from prior year, and our cost of interest bearing funds increased 40 basis points during the same time period. Our net interest margin, on a fully tax
 equivalent basis, for the year 2022 increased 11 basis points from 2021 to 3.32 . While the cost of funds increased more than our yield on earnings assets improved, the net interest margin increased because of the benefit of our noninterest bearing
 deposits. The benefit of these deposits increased 30 basis points during the year. Noninterest bearing deposits increased 63.8 million over prior year. Average loans to deposits, including repurchase agreements, for the year ended December 31,
 2022 were 75.8 compared to 75.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Provision for Credit Losses

P rovision for credit losses for the year 2022 was 4.9 million compared to a recovery of 6.4 million during the year 2021 . See below for discussion of our
 allowance for credit losses.

Noninterest Income

(dollars in thousands)

 Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

Percent Change

Deposit service charges

29,049

26,529

9.5

Trust revenue

12,394

12,644

(2.0

Gains on sales of loans

1,525

6,820

(77.6

Loan related fees

6,185

5,578

10.9

Bank owned life insurance revenue

2,708

2,844

(4.8

Brokerage revenue

1,846

1,962

(5.9

Other

4,209

4,086

3.0

Total noninterest income

57,916

60,463

(4.2

Noninterest income for the year 2022 decreased 2.5 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 5.3 million decline in gains on sales of loans, partially offset by a 2.5
 million increase in deposit related fees. Gains on sales of loans continue to be impacted by the slowdown in the industry-wide mortgage refinancing boom. Deposit related fees were primarily impacted by debit card
 income and overdraft charges .

25 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Expense

(dollars in thousands)

 Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

Percent Change

Salaries

48,934

47,061

4.0

Employee benefits

23,556

27,053

(12.9

Net occupancy and equipment

11,083

10,854

2.1

Data processing

8,910

8,039

10.8

Legal and professional fees

3,434

3,199

7.3

Advertising and marketing

3,005

2,928

2.6

Taxes other than property and payroll

1,570

1,750

(10.3

Net other real estate owned expense

456

1,401

(67.4

Other

20,123

17,000

18.4

Total noninterest expense

121,071

119,285

1.5

Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.8 million, or 1.5 , higher than the year 2021. Noninterest expense for the year 2022 was impacted by a 1.4 million accrual for customer refunds of re-presented returned item fees during the third quarter and year over year increases of 0.9 million in data processing expense, 0.6 million in loan related expenses, and 0.4 million in
 contributions, partially offset by a 1.6 million year over year decrease in personnel expense . Personnel expense year over year was impacted by a 1.8 million increase in salaries, offset by decreases of 1.5 million in bonuses and 1.9
 million in post-retirement benefits.

Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for more detailed income discussion related to the year 2020.

Balance Sheet Review 

CTBI s total assets at 5.4 billion decreased 37.9 million, or 0.7 , from December 31, 2021. Loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 were 3.7 billion, increasing 300.5 million, or 8.8 , year over
 year. The increase in loans from prior year included a 157.9 million increase in the commercial loan portfolio (excluding PPP loans), a 116.6 million increase in the indirect loan portfolio, a 71.7 million increase in the residential loan
 portfolio, and a 0.8 million increase in the consumer direct loan portfolio. PPP loans decreased 46.5 million during the year. Loans held for sale at 0.1 million at December 31, 2022 decreased 2.5 million over prior year. CTBI s investment
 portfolio decreased 199.3 million, or 13.7 , from December 31, 2021. Deposits in other banks decreased 187.8 million from December 31, 2021. Deposits, including repurchase agreements, at 4.6 billion increased 26.2 million, or 0.6 , from
 December 31, 2021. During the year 2022, 100.2 million in deposits was referred to our trust subsidiary, Community Trust and Investment Company, allowing us to maintain the overall customer relationship for those depositors who moved funds for
 additional investment opportunities.

Shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 of 628.0 million was a 70.2 million, or 10.0 , decrease from the 698.2 million at December 31, 2021, resulting from an increase year over year in
 unrealized losses on our securities portfolio due to an increased interest rate environment. Net unrealized losses on securities were 129.2 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.8 million at December 31, 2021. Management has the ability and
 intent to hold these securities to recovery or maturity. CTBI s annualized dividend yield to shareholders as of December 31, 2022 was 3.83 .

26 

Table of Contents 

Loans

(dollars in thousands)

December 31, 2022

Loan Category

Balance

Variance 

 from Prior 

 Year

Net (Charge-Offs)/ 

 Recoveries

Nonperforming

ACL

Commercial:

Hotel/motel

343,640

33.7

(216

0

5,171

Commercial real estate residential

372,914

11.2

(43

613

4,894

Commercial real estate nonresidential

762,349

0.6

689

3,063

9,419

Dealer floorplans

77,533

11.6

0

0

1,776

Commercial other

311,539

7.3

(84

1,338

5,285

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

883

(98.1

0

13

0

Total commercial

1,868,858

6.3

346

5,027

26,545

Residential:

Real estate mortgage

824,996

7.5

(171

8,998

7,932

Home equity

120,540

13.0

(17

778

1,106

Total residential

945,536

8.2

(188

9,776

9,038

Consumer:

Consumer direct

157,504

0.5

(47

41

1,694

Consumer indirect

737,392

18.8

(791

465

8,704

Total consumer

894,896

15.1

(838

506

10,398

Total loans

3,709,290

8.8

(680

15,309

45,981

(dollars in thousands)

December 31, 2021

Loan Category

Balance

Variance from Prior Year

Net (Charge-Offs)/ 

 Recoveries

Nonperforming

ACL

Commercial:

Hotel/motel

257,062

(1.4

0

1,075

5,080

Commercial real estate residential

335,233

16.4

10

897

3,986

Commercial real estate nonresidential

757,893

2.0

31

4,193

8,884

Dealer floorplans

69,452

0.5

0

0

1,436

Commercial other

290,478

3.8

(255

378

4,422

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

47,335

(81.3

0

0

0

Total commercial

1,757,453

(7.2

(214

6,543

23,808

Residential:

Real estate mortgage

767,185

(2.2

(198

8,740

7,637

Home equity

106,667

2.8

(17

1,092

866

Total residential

873,852

(1.6

(215

9,832

8,503

Consumer:

Consumer direct

156,683

2.9

(168

44

1,951

Consumer indirect

620,825

0.1

717

206

7,494

Total consumer

777,508

0.7

549

250

9,445

Total loans

3,408,813

(4.1

120

16,625

41,756

27 

Table of Contents 

Total Deposits and Repurchase Agreements

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Percent Change

Noninterest bearing deposits

1,394,915

1,331,103

4.8

Interest bearing deposits

Interest checking

112,265

97,064

15.7

Money market savings

1,348,809

1,206,401

11.8

Savings accounts

654,380

632,645

3.4

Time deposits

915,774

1,077,079

(15.0

Repurchase agreements

215,431

271,088

(20.5

Total interest bearing deposits and repurchase agreements

3,246,659

3,284,277

(1.1

Total deposits and repurchase agreements

4,641,574

4,615,380

0.6

Average Deposits and Other Borrowed Funds

(in thousands)

2022

2021

Deposits:

Noninterest bearing deposits

1,398,778

1,276,367

Interest bearing deposits

104,631

94,762

Money market accounts

1,248,067

1,238,009

Savings accounts

667,367

592,492

Certificates of deposit of 100,000 or more

556,849

562,525

Certificates of deposit 

The maximum balance for federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements at any month-end during 2022 occurred at February 28, 2022, with a month-end balance of 277.9 million. The maximum balance
 for federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements at any month-end during 2021 occurred at May 31, 2021, with a month-end balance of 373.8 million.

Asset Quality

CTBI s total nonperforming loans, not including troubled debt restructurings, were 15.3 million, or 0.41 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 compared to 16.6 million, or 0.49 of total loans, at
 December 31, 2021. Accruing loans 90+ days past due increased 2.5 million from December 31, 2021, while nonaccrual loans decreased 3.8 million from December 31, 2021. Accruing loans 30-89 days past due at 15.3 million was an increase of 4.4
 million from December 31, 2021. Our loan portfolio management processes focus on the immediate identification, management, and resolution of problem loans to maximize recovery and minimize loss. Our loan portfolio risk management processes include
 weekly delinquent loan review meetings at the market levels and monthly delinquent loan review meetings involving senior corporate management to review all nonaccrual loans and loans 30 days or more past due. Any activity regarding a
 criticized/classified loan (i.e. problem loan) must be approved by CTB s Watch List Asset Committee (i.e. Problem Loan Committee). CTB s Watch List Asset Committee also meets on a quarterly basis and reviews every criticized/classified loan of
 100,000 or greater. CTB s Loan Portfolio Risk Management Committee also meets quarterly focusing on the overall asset quality and risk metrics of the loan portfolio. We also have a Loan Review Department that reviews every market within CTB
 annually and performs extensive testing of the loan portfolio to assure the accuracy of loan grades and classifications for delinquency, troubled debt restructuring, nonaccrual status, and adequate loan loss reserves. The Loan Review Department has
 annually reviewed on average 96 of the outstanding commercial loan portfolio for the past three years. The average annual review percentage of the consumer and residential loan portfolio for the past three years was 85 based on the loan production
 during the number of months included in the review scope. The review scope is generally four to six months of production. CTBI generally does not offer high risk loans such as option ARM products, high loan to value ratio mortgages, interest-only
 loans, loans with initial teaser rates, or loans with negative amortizations, and therefore, CTBI would have no significant exposure to these products.

28 

Table of Contents 

For further information regarding nonperforming loans, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.

Our level of foreclosed properties at 3.7 million at December 31, 2022 was an increase of 0.2 million from the 3.5 million at December 31, 2021. Sales of foreclosed properties for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 totaled 2.0 million while new foreclosed properties totaled 2.4 million. At December 31, 2022, the book value of properties under contracts to sell was 1.2 million; however, the closings had not occurred at year-end. 
 Nonperforming assets to loans and foreclosed properties at December 31, 2022 were 0.5 compared to 0.6 at December 31, 2021.

When foreclosed properties are acquired, appraisals are obtained and the properties are booked at the current market value less expected sales costs. Additionally, periodic updated appraisals are
 obtained on unsold foreclosed properties. When an updated appraisal reflects a fair value below the current book value, a charge is booked to current earnings to reduce the property to its new market value less expected sales costs. Charges to
 earnings in 2022 to reflect the decrease in current market values of foreclosed properties totaled 0.3 million, compared to 0.9 million for the year 2021. Our policy for determining the frequency of periodic reviews is based upon consideration of
 the specific properties and the known or perceived market fluctuations in a particular market and is typically between 12 and 18 months but generally not more than 24 months. Approximately 92 of our other real estate owned OREO properties and
 approximately 93 of the book value of our OREO properties have appraisals dated within the past 18 months.

The appraisal aging analysis of foreclosed properties, as well as the holding period, at December 31, 2022 is shown below:

(dollars in thousands)

Appraisal Aging Analysis

Holding Period Analysis

Days Since Last Appraisal

Number of 

 Properties

Current Book Value

Holding Period

Current Book 

 Value

Up to 3 months

2

42

Less than one year

2,059

3 to 6 months

15

1,953

1 year

157

6 to 9 months

0

0

2 years

546

9 to 12 months

13

1,245

3 years

0

12 to 18 months

6

191

4 years

87

18 to 24 months

2

109

5 years

24

Over 24 months

1

131

6 years

0

Total

39

3,671

7 years

234

8 years

564

9 years

0

Total

3,671

Regulatory approval is required and has been obtained to hold foreclosed properties beyond the initial period of 5 years. Additionally, CTBI is required to dispose of any foreclosed property that
 has not been sold within 10 years.

Net loan charge-offs were 0.7 million, 0.02 of average loans annualized, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net recovery of loan losses of 0.1 million for the year ended December
 31, 2021.

29 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses

Our reserve coverage (allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans) at December 31, 2022 was 300.4 compared to 251.2 at December 31, 2021. Nonaccrual loans to total loans at December 31,
 2022 was 0.2 compared to 0.3 at December 31, 2021. Our allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 was 674.9 compared to 391.3 at December 31, 2021. Our credit loss reserve as a percentage of total loans outstanding at
 December 31, 2022 was 1.24 , an increase from the 1.22 at December 31, 2021.

Liquidity and Market Risk

The objective of CTBI s Asset/Liability management function is to maintain consistent growth in net interest income within our policy limits. This objective is accomplished through management of our
 consolidated balance sheet composition, liquidity, and interest rate risk exposures arising from changing economic conditions, interest rates, and customer preferences. The goal of liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet changes in
 loan and lease demand or deposit withdrawals. This is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, sufficient unused borrowing capacity, and growth in core deposits. As of December 31,
 2022, we had approximately 128.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately 309.2 million in securities valued at estimated fair value designated as available-for-sale and available to meet liquidity needs on a continuing basis compared
 to 311.8 million and 568.9 million at December 31, 2021. Additional asset-driven liquidity is provided by the remainder of the securities portfolio and the repayment of loans. In addition to core deposit funding, we also have a variety of other
 short-term and long-term funding sources available. We also rely on Federal Home Loan Bank advances for both liquidity and management of our asset/liability position. Federal Home Loan Bank advances were 0.4 million at December 31, 2022 and at
 December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had a 501.0 million available borrowing position with the Federal Home Loan Bank compared to 484.4 million at December 31, 2021. We generally rely upon net inflows of cash from financing activities,
 supplemented by net inflows of cash from operating activities, to provide cash for our investing activities. As is typical of many financial institutions, significant financing activities include deposit gathering, use of short-term borrowing
 facilities such as repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased, and issuance of long-term debt. At December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, we had 75 million in lines of credit with various correspondent banks available to meet any future
 cash needs. Our primary investing activities include purchases of securities and loan originations. We do not rely on any one source of liquidity and manage availability in response to changing consolidated balance sheet needs. Included in our
 cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 were deposits with the Federal Reserve of 72.6 million compared to 262.4 million at December 31, 2021. Additionally, we project cash flows from our investment portfolio to generate additional
 liquidity over the next 90 days.

The investment portfolio consists of investment grade short-term issues suitable for bank investments. The majority of the investment portfolio is in U.S. government and government sponsored agency
 issuances. At December 31, 2022, available-for-sale AFS securities comprised all of the total investment portfolio, and the AFS portfolio was approximately 200 of
 equity capital. Eighty-one percent of the pledge eligible portfolio was pledged.

Contractual Commitments

Our significant contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 include debt, lease, and purchase obligations. As disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, we
 have certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts.

As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding balance on long-term debt was 57.8 million. The interest payments on long-term debt due in one year or less is 3.9 million, and interest payments on
 long-term debt due in more than one year is 31.3 million. The interest on 57.8 million in long-term debt is calculated based on the three-month LIBOR plus 1.59 until its maturity of June 1, 2037. The three-month LIBOR rate is projected using the
 most likely rate forecast from assumptions incorporated in the interest rate risk model and is determined two business days prior to the interest payment date. Interest on long-term debt assumes the liability will not be prepaid and interest is
 calculated to maturity. These assumptions are uncertain, and as a result, the actual payments will differ from the projection due to changes in economic conditions. Refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for
 additional information regarding long-term debt.

30 

Table of Contents 

On March 5, 2021, LIBOR s administrator, ICE Benchmarks Administration, announced that LIBOR would no longer be provided (i) for the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar settings after December 31,
 2021 and (ii) for the remaining U.S. dollar settings after June 30, 2023. The U.S. federal banking agencies issued supervisory guidance encouraging banks to stop entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021. 
 In addition, on March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act was signed into law. The LIBOR Act establishes a uniform national approach for replacing LIBOR in legacy contracts that do not provide for the use of a
 clearly defined replacement benchmark rate. As directed by the LIBOR Act, on December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule setting forth regulations to implement the LIBOR Act, including establishing benchmark replacements based
 on the Secured Overnight Funding Rate for contracts governed by U.S. law that reference certain tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (the overnight and one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month tenors) and that do not have terms that provide for the use of a
 clearly defined and predictable replacement benchmark rate fallback provisions following the first London banking day after June 30, 2023. We have analyzed our financial exposure related to the discontinuation of LIBOR and consider our exposure
 to be insignificant.

As of December 31, 2022, our remaining contractual commitment for operating and finance leases due in one year or less is 2.0 million and operating leases due in more than one year is 23.4
 million. Refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for additional information regarding leases.

Commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit do not necessarily represent future cash requirements in that these commitments often expire without being drawn upon. As of December 31,
 2022, the commitments due in one year or less for other commitments is 646.6 million and commitments due in more than one year is 227.7 million. Refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for additional information
 regarding other commitments.

Our purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services entered into in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, the value of our non-cancellable unconditional
 purchase obligations was 10.3 million.

These contractual obligations impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. We believe our liquidity sources as mentioned in the liquidity discussion are adequate to meet our future cash
 requirements.

Investment Maturities

Estimated Maturity at December 31, 2022

Within 1 Year

1-5 Years

5-10 Years

After 10 Years

Total Fair Value

Amortized 

 Cost

(in thousands)

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

U.S. Treasury, government 

 agencies, and government sponsored 

 agency mortgage-backed securities

38,955

1.41

252,588

1.24

180,279

2.62

430,195

1.93

902,017

1.85

1,012,496

State and political subdivisions

1,705

3.64

11,752

3.52

96,764

2.34

154,881

2.50

265,102

2.50

326,746

Asset-backed securities

0

0.00

0

0.00

52,053

6.16

37,054

5.34

89,107

5.82

91,363

Total

40,660

1.51

264,340

1.34

329,096

3.10

622,130

2.28

1,256,226

2.27

1,430,605

The calculations of the weighted average yields for each maturity category are based upon yield weighted by the respective costs of the securities. The weighted average rates on state and political
 subdivisions are computed on a taxable equivalent basis using a 24.95 tax rate.

31 

Table of Contents 

Loan Maturities

The following table shows the amounts of loans (excluding residential mortgages of 1-4 family residences, consumer loans, and lease financing) which, based on the remaining scheduled repayments of
 principal are due in the periods indicated. Also, the amounts are classified according to sensitivity to changes in interest rates (fixed, variable).

CTB has changed the origination process on commercial and residential construction loans to be almost exclusively construction to permanent financing with only one note. This change is resulting in
 a greater number of loans showing in the after five year maturity for construction loans, even though those loans will be converted from construction loans to permanent financing by a change in the internal coding on the loans while the maturity date
 remains the same.

Maturity at December 31, 2022

After one

Within

but within

After

(in thousands)

one year

five years

five years

Total

Commercial secured by real estate and commercial other

215,139

175,242

1,324,122

1,714,503

Commercial and real estate construction

71,107

19,643

185,340

276,090

286,246

194,885

1,509,462

1,990,593

Rate sensitivity:

Predetermined rate

43,680

101,315

77,546

222,541

Adjustable rate

242,566

93,570

1,431,916

1,768,052

286,246

194,885

1,509,462

1,990,593

Deposit Maturities

Maturities and/or repricing of time deposits of 100,000 or more outstanding at December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows:

(in thousands)

Certificates of Deposit

Other Time Deposits

Total

Three months or less

78,400

10,955

89,355

Over three through six months

68,841

10,304

79,145

Over six through twelve months

213,139

15,841

228,980

Over twelve through sixty months

111,400

22,390

133,790

Over sixty

154

0

154

471,934

59,490

531,424

Interest Rate Risk

We consider interest rate risk one of our most significant market risks. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income due to changes in interest rates. Consistency
 of our net interest revenue is largely dependent upon the effective management of interest rate risk. We employ a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage our interest rate risk, including the use of an earnings simulation model to
 analyze net interest income sensitivity to changing interest rates. The model is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for on and off-balance sheet instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of
 changing interest rates on the prepayment rates of certain assets and liabilities. Assumptions based on the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in interest rates are also incorporated into the model. These
 assumptions are inherently uncertain, and as a result, the model cannot precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results
 due to timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies.

CTBI s Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO), which includes executive and senior management representatives and reports to the Board of Directors, monitors and manages interest rate risk
 within Board-approved policy limits. Our current exposure to interest rate risks is determined by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income spread evenly over the twelve-month period.

32 

Table of Contents 

The following table shows our estimated earnings sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2022:

Change in Interest Rates

 (basis points)

Percentage Change in Net Interest Income

 (12 Months)

+400

9.98 

+300

7.26 

+200

4.60 

+100

1.94 

-100

(1.95) 

-200

(3.92) 

-300

(5.96) 

-400

(7.91) 

The following table shows our estimated earnings sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2021:

Change in Interest Rates

 (basis points)

Percentage Change in Net Interest Income

 (12 Months)

+400

11.23 

+300

7.61 

+200

4.56 

+100

2.01 

-25

(0.66) 

The simulation model used the yield curve spread evenly over a twelve-month period. The measurement at December 31, 2022 estimates that our net interest income in an up-rate environment would
 increase by 9.98 at a 400 basis point change, increase by 7.26 at a 300 basis point change, increase by 4.60 at a 200 basis point change, and increase by 1.94 at a 100 basis point change. In a down-rate environment, net interest income would
 decrease 1.95 at a 100 basis point change, decrease by 3.92 at a 200 basis point change, decrease by 5.96 at a 300 basis point change, and decrease by 7.91 at a 400 basis point change over one year. We actively manage our balance sheet and limit
 our exposure to long-term fixed rate financial instruments, including loans. In order to reduce the exposure to interest rate fluctuations and to manage liquidity, we have developed sale procedures for several types of interest-sensitive assets. 
 Primarily all long-term, fixed rate single family residential mortgage loans underwritten according to Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation guidelines are sold for cash upon origination or originated under terms where they could be sold. 
 Periodically, additional assets such as commercial loans are also sold. In 2022 and 2021, proceeds of 66.0 million and 307.8 million, respectively, were realized on the sale of fixed rate residential mortgages. We focus our efforts on consistent
 net interest revenue and net interest margin growth through each of the retail and wholesale business lines. We do not currently engage in trading activities.

The preceding analysis was prepared using a rate ramp analysis which attempts to spread changes evenly over a specified time period as opposed to a rate shock which measures the impact of an
 immediate change. Had these measurements been prepared using the rate shock method, the results would vary.

Capital Resources

We continue to grow our shareholders equity while also providing an annual dividend yield for the year 2022 of 3.83 to shareholders. Shareholders equity decreased 10.0 from December 31, 2021 to
 628.0 million at December 31, 2022. Our primary source of capital growth is the retention of earnings. Cash dividends were 1.68 per share for 2022 compared to 1.57 per share for 2021. We retained 63.4 of our earnings in 2022 compared to 68.2 
 in 2021.

33 

Table of Contents 

Insured depository institutions are required to meet certain capital level requirements. On October 29, 2019, federal banking regulators adopted a final rule to simplify the regulatory capital
 requirements for eligible community banks and holding companies that opt-in to the community bank leverage ratio framework (the CBLR framework ), as required by Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018. Under
 the final rule, which became effective as of January 1, 2020, community banks and holding companies (which includes CTB and CTBI) that satisfy certain qualifying criteria, including having less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets
 and a leverage ratio (referred to as the community bank leverage ratio of greater than 9 , were eligible to opt-in to the CBLR framework. The community bank leverage ratio is the ratio of a banking organization s Tier 1 capital to its average
 total consolidated assets, both as reported on the banking organization s applicable regulatory filings. Accordingly, a qualifying community banking organization that has a community bank leverage ratio greater than 9 will be considered to have
 met: (i) the risk-based and leverage capital requirements of the generally applicable capital rules; (ii) the capital ratio requirements in order to be considered well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework; and (iii) any other
 applicable capital or leverage requirements.

In April 2020, as directed by Section 4012 of the CARES Act, the regulatory agencies introduced temporary changes to the CBLR. These changes, which subsequently were adopted as a final rule,
 temporarily reduced the CBLR requirement to 8 through the end of calendar year 2020. Beginning in calendar year 2021, the CBLR requirement increased to 8.5 for the calendar year before returning to 9 in calendar year 2022. Management elected to
 use the CBLR framework for CTBI and CTB. CTBI s CBLR ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 13.55 . CTB s CBLR ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 12.98 .

As of December 31, 2022, we are not aware of any current recommendations by banking regulatory authorities which, if they were to be implemented, would have, or are reasonably likely to have, a
 material adverse impact on our liquidity, capital resources, or operations.

Impact of Inflation, Changing Prices, and Economic Conditions

The majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Therefore, CTBI differs greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investment in nonmonetary
 assets, such as fixed assets and inventories. However, inflation does have an important impact on the growth of assets in the banking industry and on the resulting need to increase equity capital at higher than normal rates in order to maintain an
 appropriate equity to assets ratio. Inflation also affects other expenses, which tend to rise during periods of general inflation.

We believe one of the most significant impacts on financial and operating results is our ability to react to changes in interest rates. We seek to maintain an essentially balanced position between
 interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against the effects of wide interest rate fluctuations.

34 

Table of Contents 

Stock Repurchase Program

CTBI s stock repurchase program began in December 1998 with the authorization to acquire up to 500,000 shares and was increased by an additional 1,000,000 shares in each of July 2000, May 2003, and
 March 2020. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 2,465,294 shares have been repurchased through this program, leaving 1,034,706 shares remaining under our current repurchase authorization. The following table shows Board authorizations and
 repurchases made through the stock repurchase program for the years 1998 through 2022:

Board 

 Authorizations

Repurchases 

Shares Available for 

 Repurchase

Average Price )

# of Shares

1998

500,000

-

0

1999

0

14.45

144,669

2000

1,000,000

10.25

763,470

2001

0

13.35

489,440

2002

0

17.71

396,316

2003

1,000,000

19.62

259,235

2004

0

23.14

60,500

2005

0

-

0

2006

0

-

0

2007

0

28.56

216,150

2008

0

25.53

102,850

2009-2019

0

-

0

2020

1,000,000

33.64

32,664

2021

0

-

0

2022

0

-

0

Total

3,500,000

16.17

2,465,294

1,034,706

Repurchased shares and average prices have been restated to reflect stock dividends that have occurred; however, board authorized shares have not been adjusted.

In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was enacted. Among other things, the IRA imposes a new 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased after December 31,
 2022 by publicly traded U.S. corporations like CTBI. With certain exceptions, the value of stock repurchased is determined net of stock issued in the year, including shares issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the appropriate application of certain
 accounting policies, many of which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events and their impact on amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Since future events and their impact cannot be
 determined with certainty, the actual results will inevitably differ from our estimates. Such differences could be material to the consolidated financial statements.

We believe the application of accounting policies and the estimates required therein are reasonable. These accounting policies and estimates are constantly reevaluated, and adjustments are made when
 facts and circumstances dictate a change. Historically, we have found our application of accounting policies to be appropriate, and actual results have not differed materially from those determined using necessary estimates.

Our accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein. We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Allowance for Credit Losses CTBI accounts for the allowance for credit losses ACL and the reserve for unfunded
 commitments in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , and its related subsequent
 amendments, commonly known as CECL.

35 

Table of Contents 

We disaggregate our portfolio loans into portfolio segments for purposes of determining the ACL. Our loan portfolio segments include commercial, residential mortgage, and consumer. We further
 disaggregate our portfolio segments into classes for purposes of monitoring and assessing credit quality based on certain risk characteristics. For an analysis of CTBI s ACL by portfolio segment and credit quality information by class, refer to note
 4 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.

CTBI maintains the ACL to absorb the amount of credit losses that are expected to be incurred over the remaining contractual terms of the related loans. Contractual terms are adjusted for expected
 prepayments but are not extended for expected extensions, renewals or modifications except in circumstances where CTBI reasonably expects to execute a troubled debt restructuring TDR with the borrower or where certain extension or renewal options
 are embedded in the original contract and not unconditionally cancellable by CTBI. Accrued interest receivable on loans is presented in the consolidated financial statements as a component of other assets. When accrued interest is deemed to be
 uncollectible (typically when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status), interest income is reversed. In the event that collection of principal becomes uncertain, CTBI has policies in place to reverse accrued interest in a timely manner. Therefore,
 CTBI elected ASU 2019-04 which allows that accrued interest would continue to be presented separately and not part of the amortized cost of the loan. For additional information on CTBI s accounting policies related to nonaccrual loans, refer to note
 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.

Credit losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the ACL. The ACL is maintained at a level CTBI considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the
 collectability of loans, including historical credit loss experience, current and forecasted market and economic conditions, and consideration of various qualitative factors that, in management s judgment, deserve consideration in estimating expected
 credit losses. Provisions for credit losses are recorded for the amounts necessary to adjust the ACL to CTBI s current estimate of expected credit losses on portfolio loans. CTBI s strategy for credit risk management includes a combination of
 conservative exposure limits significantly below legal lending limits and conservative underwriting, documentation, and collection standards. The strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry, and customer level, regular credit
 examinations, and quarterly management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality.

CTBI s methodology for determining the ACL requires significant management judgment and includes an estimate of expected credit losses on a collective basis for groups of loans with similar risk
 characteristics and specific allowances for loans which are individually evaluated.

Larger commercial loans with balances exceeding 1 million that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses, (i) have a criticized risk rating, (ii) are on nonaccrual status, (iii) are classified
 as TDRs, or (iv) are 90 days or more past due, are individually evaluated for an ACL. CTBI considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of any guarantees, the guarantor s liquidity and willingness to cooperate, the loan structure and
 other factors when determining the amount of the ACL. Other factors may include the borrower s susceptibility to risks presented by the forecasted macroeconomic environment, the industry and geographic region of the borrower, size and financial
 condition of the borrower, cash flow and leverage of the borrower, and our evaluation of the borrower s management. Significant management judgment is required when evaluating which of these factors are most relevant in individual circumstances, and
 when estimating the amount of expected credit losses based on those factors. When loans are individually evaluated, allowances are determined based on management s estimate of the borrower s ability to repay the loan given the availability of
 collateral and other sources of cash flow, as well as an evaluation of legal options available to CTBI. Allowances for individually evaluated loans that are collateral-dependent are typically measured based on the fair value of the underlying
 collateral, less expected costs to sell where applicable. For collateral-dependent financial assets, the credit loss expected may be zero if the fair value less costs to sell exceeds the amortized cost of the loan. Loans shall not be included in
 both collective assessments and individual assessments. Individually evaluated loans that are not collateral-dependent are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. Specific
 allowances on individually evaluated commercial loans, including TDRs, are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and charge-off experience. Regardless of an initial
 measurement method, once it is determined that foreclosure is probable, the ACL is measured based on the fair value of the collateral as of the measurement date. As a practical expedient, the fair value of the collateral may be used for a loan when
 determining the ACL for which the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The fair value shall be adjusted for selling costs when
 foreclosure is probable.

36 

Table of Contents 

Expected credit losses are estimated on a collective basis for loans that are not individually evaluated. These include commercial loans that do not meet the criteria for individual evaluation as
 well as homogeneous loans in the residential mortgage and consumer portfolio segments. For collectively evaluated commercial loans, CTBI uses a static pool methodology based on our risk rating system. See note 4 to the consolidated financial
 statements contained herein for information on CTBI s risk rating system. Other homogenous loans such as the residential mortgage and consumer portfolio segments derive their ACL from vintage modeling. Vintage modeling was chosen primarily because
 these loans have fixed amortization schedules, and it allows CTBI to track loans from origination to completion, including repayments and prepayments, and captures net charge-offs by the different vintages providing historical loss rates. These are
 the two primary models utilized for ACL determination although there are additional models for specific processes in addition. CTBI s expected credit loss models were developed based on historical credit loss experience and observations of migration
 patterns for various credit risk characteristics (such as internal credit risk grades, external credit ratings or scores, delinquency status, etc.) over time, with those observations evaluated in the context of concurrent macroeconomic conditions. 
 CTBI developed our models from historical observations capturing a full economic cycle when possible.

CTBI s expected credit loss models consider historical credit loss experience, current market and economic conditions, and forecasted changes in market and economic conditions if such forecasts are
 considered reasonable and supportable. Generally, CTBI considers our forecasts to be reasonable and supportable for a period of up to one year from the estimation date. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, expected
 credit losses are estimated by reverting to historical loss information. CTBI evaluates the length of our reasonable and supportable forecast period, our reversion period, and reversion methodology at least annually, or more often if warranted by
 economic conditions or other circumstances.

Other qualitative factors are used by CTBI in determining the ACL. These considerations inherently require significant management judgment to determine the appropriate factors to be considered and
 the extent of their impact on the ACL estimate. Qualitative factors are used to capture characteristics in the portfolio that impact expected credit losses but that are not fully captured within CTBI s expected credit loss models. These include
 adjustments for changes in policies or procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, lending and risk management personnel, and results of internal audit and quality control reviews. These may also include adjustments, when deemed
 necessary, for specific idiosyncratic risks such as geopolitical events, natural disasters and their effects on regional borrowers, and changes in product structures. Qualitative factors may also be used to address the impacts of unforeseen events
 on key inputs and assumptions within CTBI s expected credit loss models, such as the reasonable and supportable forecast period, changes to historical loss information, or changes to the reversion period or methodology. When evaluating the adequacy
 of allowances, consideration is also given to regional geographic concentrations and the closely associated effect that changing economic conditions may have on CTBI s customers.

Overall, the collective evaluation process requires significant management judgment when determining the estimation methodology and inputs into the models, as well as in evaluating the reasonableness
 of the modeled results and the appropriateness of qualitative adjustments. CTBI s forecasts of market and economic conditions and the internal risk grades assigned to loans in the commercial portfolio segment are examples of inputs to the expected
 credit loss models that require significant management judgment. These inputs have the potential to drive significant variability in the resulting ACL.

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated expected credit losses related to unfunded credit facilities and is included
 in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon expected credit losses over the remaining contractual life of the commitments, taking into consideration the current funded
 balance and estimated exposure over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. This process takes into consideration the same risk elements that are analyzed in the determination of the adequacy of CTBI s ACL, as previously discussed. Net
 adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense in the consolidated statements of income.

37 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill Business combinations entered into by CTBI typically include the recognition of goodwill. U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles GAAP require goodwill to be tested for impairment on an annual basis, which for CTBI is October 1, and more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that there may be
 impairment. Refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein for a discussion on the methodology used by CTBI to assess goodwill for impairment. 

Impairment exists when a reporting unit s carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. In testing goodwill for impairment, U.S. GAAP permits companies to first
 assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. In this qualitative assessment, CTBI evaluates events and circumstances which may include, but are not limited to, the
 general economic environment, banking industry and market conditions, the overall financial performance of CTBI, and the performance of CTBI s common stock, to determine if it is not more likely than not that the fair value is less than its
 carrying amount. If the quantitative impairment test is required or the decision to bypass the qualitative assessment is elected, CTBI performs the goodwill impairment test by comparing its fair value with its carrying amount, including goodwill. 
 If the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill recorded. A recognized impairment loss cannot be reversed in future periods even if the fair
 value of the reporting unit subsequently recovers.

The fair value of CTBI is the price that would be received to sell the company as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The
 determination of the fair value is a subjective process that involves the use of estimates and judgments, particularly related to cash flows, the appropriate discount rates and an applicable control premium. CTBI employs an income-based approach,
 utilizing forecasted cash flows and the estimated cost of equity as the discount rate. Significant management judgment is necessary in the preparation of the forecasted cash flows surrounding expectations for earnings projections, growth and
 credit loss expectations, and actual results may differ from forecasted results.

Income Taxes Income tax liabilities or assets are established for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the
 current year. Deferred tax liabilities DTLs and assets DTAs are also established for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in CTBI s financial statements or tax returns. A DTL or DTA is recognized for the
 estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and deductions that can be carried forward (used) in future years. The valuation of current and deferred income tax liabilities and assets is considered critical, as it requires
 management to make estimates based on provisions of the enacted tax laws. The assessment of tax liabilities and assets involves the use of estimates, assumptions, interpretations, and judgments concerning certain accounting pronouncements and
 federal and state tax codes. 

Fair Value Measurements As a financial services company, the carrying value of certain financial assets and liabilities is impacted by the
 application of fair value measurements, either directly or indirectly. In certain cases, an asset or liability is measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis, such as available-for-sale investment securities. In other cases, management
 must rely on estimates or judgments to determine if an asset or liability not measured at fair value warrants an impairment write-down or whether a valuation reserve should be established. Given the inherent volatility, the use of fair value
 measurements may have a significant impact on the carrying value of assets or liabilities or result in material changes to the consolidated financial statements from period to period. Detailed information regarding fair value measurements can be
 found in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

CTBI currently does not engage in any hedging activity or any derivative activity which management considers material. Analysis of CTBI s interest rate sensitivity can be found in the Interest Rate
 Risk section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

38 

Table of Contents 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(dollars in thousands)

 December 31

2022

2021

Assets:

Cash and due from banks

Interest bearing deposits

Cash and cash equivalents

Certificates of deposit in other banks

Debt securities available-for-sale at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively)

Equity securities at fair value

Loans held for sale

Loans

Allowance for credit losses 

Net loans

Premises and equipment, net

Operating right-of-use assets

Finance right-of-use assets 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Federal Reserve Bank stock

Goodwill

Bank owned life insurance

Mortgage servicing rights

Other real estate owned

Deferred tax asset 

Accrued interest receivable

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and shareholders equity:

Deposits:

Noninterest bearing

Interest bearing

Total deposits

Repurchase agreements

Federal funds purchased

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

Long-term debt

Deferred tax liability

Operating lease liability

Finance lease liability

Accrued interest payable

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (notes 17 and 19)

Shareholders equity:

Preferred stock, shares authorized and unissued

Common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized ; shares outstanding 2022 ; 2021 

Capital surplus

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

39 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(in thousands except per share data)

 Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Interest income:

Interest and fees on loans, including loans held for sale

Interest and dividends on securities:

Taxable

Tax exempt

Interest and dividends on Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Interest on Federal Reserve Bank deposits

Other, including interest on federal funds sold

Total interest income

Interest expense:

Interest on deposits

Interest on repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased

Interest on advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

Interest on long-term debt

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for credit losses (recovery) 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses (recovery) 

Noninterest income:

Service charges on deposit accounts

Gains on sales of loans, net

Trust and wealth management income

Loan related fees

Bank owned life insurance

Brokerage revenue

Securities gains (losses)

Other noninterest income

Total noninterest income

Noninterest expense:

Officer salaries and employee benefits

Other salaries and employee benefits

Occupancy, net

Equipment

Data processing

Bank franchise tax

Legal fees

Professional fees

Advertising and marketing

FDIC insurance

Other real estate owned provision and expense

Repossession expense

Amortization of limited partnership investments

Other noninterest expense

Total noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income taxes

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Unrealized holding gains (losses) on debt securities available-for-sale:

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period

Less: Reclassification adjustments for realized gains (losses) included in net income

Tax expense (benefit)

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Comprehensive income (loss)

Basic earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share

Weighted average shares outstanding-basic

Weighted average shares outstanding-diluted

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity

(in thousands except per share and share amounts)

Common

 Shares

Common

 Stock

Capital

 Surplus

Retained

 Earnings

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

 Income (Loss),

 Net of Tax

Total

Balance, December 31, 2019

Implementation of ASU 2016-13 

Balance, January 1, 2020 

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Cash dividends declared per share)

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock 

Issuance of restricted stock

Vesting of restricted stock

Stock-based compensation

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Cash dividends declared per share)

Issuance of common stock

Issuance of restricted stock

Vesting of restricted stock 

Stock-based compensation

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Cash dividends declared per
 share) 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Vesting of restricted stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

41 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(in thousands)

 Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Deferred taxes

Stock-based compensation

Provision for credit losses (recovery) 

Write-downs of other real estate owned and other repossessed assets

Gains on sale of loans held for sale

Securities gains (losses) 

Fair value adjustment in equity securities

(Gains) losses on sale of assets, net

Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans held for sale

Funding of mortgage loans held for sale

Amortization of securities premiums and discounts, net

Change in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance

Payment of operating lease liabilities

Mortgage servicing rights:

Fair value adjustments

New servicing assets created

Changes in:

Accrued interest receivable

Other assets

Accrued interest payable

Other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Certificates of deposit in other banks:

Purchase of certificates of deposit

Maturity of certificates of deposit

Securities available-for-sale (AFS):

Purchase of AFS securities

Proceeds from sales of AFS securities

Proceeds from prepayments, calls, and maturities of AFS securities

Securities held-to-maturity (HTM):

Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of HTM securities

Change in loans, net

Purchase of premises and equipment

Proceeds from sale and retirement of premises and equipment

Redemption of stock by Federal Home Loan Bank

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned and repossessed assets

Additional investment in other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Additional investment in bank owned life insurance

Proceeds from settlement of bank owned life insurance

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Change in deposits, net

Change in repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased, net

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

Payments on advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

Payment of finance lease liabilities

Repurchase of long-term debt

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of stock

Dividends paid

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental disclosures:

Income taxes paid

Interest paid

Non-cash activities:

Loans to facilitate the sale of other real estate owned and repossessed assets

Common stock dividends accrued, paid in subsequent quarter

Real estate and assets acquired in settlement of loans

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating/finance lease liabilities 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

42 

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and are carried at cost.

43 

Table of Contents 

ACL for AFS securities was recorded.

securities designated as held-to-maturity.

44 

Table of Contents 

past due must be well secured and in the process of collection to continue accruing interest. Cash payments received on nonaccrual loans generally are applied against principal, and interest income is only recorded once principal recovery is
 reasonably assured. Loans are not reclassified as accruing until principal and interest payments remain current for a period of time, generally ,
 and future payments appear reasonably certain. A restructuring of a debt constitutes a troubled debt restructuring TDR if the creditor for economic or legal reasons
 related to the debtor s financial difficulties grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider. 

basis point and is considered immaterial. The primary difference is for indirect lending premiums. 

45 

Table of Contents 

million or greater and meets one of the following criteria: (i) has a criticized risk rating, (ii) is in nonaccrual status, (iii) is a TDR, or (iv) is or more past due. The borrower s cash flow, adequacy of collateral coverage, and other options available to CTBI, including legal remedies,
 are evaluated. We evaluate the collectability of both principal and interest when assessing the need for loss provision. Historical loss rates are analyzed and applied to other commercial loan segments not subject to individual evaluation.

million and classified as criticized, TDR, or nonaccrual, a specific reserve is established if a loss is determined to be possible and then charged-off once it is probable. When the foreclosed collateral has been legally assigned to CTBI, the
 estimated fair value of the collateral less costs to sell is then transferred to other real estate owned or other repossessed assets, and a charge-off is taken for any remaining balance. When any unsecured commercial loan is considered uncollectable
 the loan is charged off no later than at past due.

monthly payments) delinquent. If a loan is considered
 uncollectable, it is charged off earlier than delinquent. For conventional 1-4 family residential loans and installment and
 revolving loans secured by real estate, when a loan is past due, a current assessment of the value of the real estate is made. If
 the balance of the loan exceeds the fair value of the property, the loan is placed on nonaccrual. Foreclosure proceedings are normally initiated after . When the foreclosed property has been legally assigned to CTBI, the fair value less estimated costs to sell is transferred to other real estate owned and the remaining balance is taken as a charge-off.

of capital or greater are also included as factors in the ACL model. Management continually reevaluates the other subjective factors included in our ACL analysis.

46 

Table of Contents 

for buildings, to for furniture, fixtures, and equipment, and up to the lease term for leasehold improvements.

and but generally not more than . All revenues and expenses related to the carrying of other real estate owned are recognized through the income statement. 

47 

Table of Contents 

million, has not changed since January 1, 2015. Our core deposit intangible has been fully amortized since December 31, 2017.

48 

Table of Contents 

operating

segment, community banking services. CTBI, through our operating subsidiaries, offers a wide range of consumer and commercial community banking services. These services include: (i) residential and commercial real estate loans; (ii) checking
 accounts; (iii) regular and term savings accounts and savings certificates; (iv) full service securities brokerage services; (v) consumer loans; (vi) debit cards; (vii) annuity and life insurance products; (viii) Individual Retirement Accounts and
 Keogh plans; (ix) commercial loans; (x) trust and wealth management services; (xi) commercial demand deposit accounts; and (xii) repurchase agreements.

49 

Table of Contents 

50 

Table of Contents 

million in deposits with the Federal Reserve, million in deposits with U.S. Bank, million in deposits with Fifth
 Third Bank, million in deposits with the Federal Home Loan Bank, and million in deposits with Raymond James.

HTM
 securities.

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities

Total available-for-sale securities

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities

Total available-for-sale securities

51 

Table of Contents 

Due after one through five years

Due after five through ten years

Due after ten years

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities

Total debt securities

thousand. There was a net loss of thousand realized on sales and calls of AFS securities, and an unrealized loss of thousand from the fair value adjustment of equity securities. There was a net loss of thousand realized in 2021 and a net gain of million realized in 2020.

million, as a result of an thousand decrease in the fair value in 2022. 
 The fair value of equity securities decreased thousand in 2021. equity securities were sold during 2022 or 2021.

million at
 December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021.

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021.

compared to as of December 31, 2021. The following table provides
 the amortized cost, gross unrealized losses, and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 that are not deemed to have credit
 losses. As stated above, CTBI had no HTM securities as of December 31, 2022.

52 

Table of Contents 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities

Total 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities

Total 

53 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Home equity lines

Residential loans

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Consumer loans

Loans and lease financing

54 

Table of Contents 

million as of
 December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, while the unamortized premiums on the indirect lending portfolio totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million as of December 31, 2021.

portfolio segments with similar risk characteristics. CTBI serves customers in small
 and mid-sized communities in eastern, northeastern, central, and south central Kentucky, southern West Virginia, and northeastern Tennessee. Therefore, CTBI s exposure to credit risk is significantly affected by changes in these communities.

of total loans. This industry has unique risk
 characteristics as it is highly susceptible to changes in the domestic and global economic environments, which can cause the industry to experience substantial volatility. Additionally, any hotel/motel construction loans would be included in this
 segment as CTBI s construction loans are primarily completed as one loan going from construction to permanent financing. These loans are originated based on the borrower s ability to service the debt and secondarily based on the fair value of the
 underlying collateral.

55 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021.

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Real estate mortgage

Home equity

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Real estate mortgage

Home equity

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total

56 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Real estate mortgage

Home equity

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total

represents a reasonable and supportable forecast period and reverts back to a historical loss rate immediately. CTBI leverages economic projections from reputable and independent third parties to form our loss driver forecasts over the twelve
 month forecast period. Other internal and external indicators of economic forecasts are also considered by CTBI when developing the forecast metrics. 

million
 made to the segments during 2022. Management continues to have a significant event qualitative factor to anticipate the continued impact of the above factors.

million compared to a recovery of million during the year 2021. Our reserve coverage (allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans) at December 31, 2022 was compared to at December 31, 2021. Our credit loss
 reserve as a percentage of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 was compared to at December 31, 2021.

57 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Commercial other

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Home equity lines

Total residential loans

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total consumer loans

Loans and lease financing

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Commercial other

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Home equity lines

Total residential loans

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total consumer loans

Loans and lease financing

thousand in interest income on the above nonaccrual loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021.

58 

Table of Contents 

days past due must be well secured and in the process of collection to continue accruing interest. See note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our
 nonaccrual policy.

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Home equity lines

Total residential loans

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total consumer loans

Loans and lease financing

59 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Home equity lines

Total residential loans

Consumer direct

Consumer indirect

Total consumer loans

Loans and lease financing

of total loans. This industry has unique risk characteristics as it is highly susceptible to changes in the domestic and global economic environments, which can cause the
 industry to experience substantial volatility. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Hotel/motel lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans
 is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Management monitors and evaluates all commercial real estate loans based on collateral and risk grade
 criteria. Commercial construction loans generally are made to customers for the purpose of building income-producing properties, and any hotel/motel construction loan would be included in this segment. Personal guarantees of the principals are
 generally required. Such loans are made on a projected cash flow basis and are secured by the project being constructed. Construction loan draw procedures are included in each specific loan agreement, including required documentation items and
 inspection requirements. Construction loans may convert to term loans at the end of the construction period, or may be repaid by the take-out commitment from another financing source. If the loan is to convert to a term loan, the repayment ability is
 based on the borrower s projected cash flow. Risk is mitigated during the construction phase by requiring proper documentation and inspections whenever a draw is requested. Loans in amounts greater than ,000 generally require a performance bond to be posted by the general contractor to assure completion of the project.

,000
 generally require a performance bond to be posted by the general contractor to assure completion of the project.

60 

Table of Contents 

,000 generally require a performance bond to be posted by the general contractor to
 assure completion of the project.

61 

Table of Contents 

to months. In addition, during the renewal process of any loan, as well as if a loan becomes past due or if other information becomes available, CTBI will
 evaluate the loan grade. CTBI uses the following definitions for risk ratings:

62 

Table of Contents 

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total hotel/motel

Commercial real estate residential

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial real estate nonresidential

Dealer floorplans

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial other

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Commercial loans

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial loans

63 

Table of Contents 

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total hotel/motel

Commercial real estate residential

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial real estate nonresidential

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total dealer floorplans

Commercial other

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial other

Commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial unsecured SBA PPP

Commercial loans

Risk rating:

Pass

Watch

OAEM

Substandard

Doubtful

Total commercial loans

64 

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming

Total home equity lines

Mortgage loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total mortgage loans

Residential loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total residential loans

Consumer direct loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total consumer direct loans

Consumer indirect loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total consumer indirect loans

Consumer loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total consumer loans

65 

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming

Total home equity lines

Mortgage loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total mortgage loans

Residential loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total residential loans

Consumer direct loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total consumer direct loans

Consumer indirect loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total consumer indirect loans

Consumer loans

Performing

Nonperforming

Total consumer loans

million at December 31, 2022. The total of consumer mortgage loans secured by real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings have
 resumed with restricted parameters was million at December 31, 2021.

66 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Commercial other

Total collateral dependent loans

Commercial real estate residential

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Commercial other

Total collateral dependent loans

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Hotel/motel

Commercial other

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Total residential loans

Total troubled debt restructurings

67 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Hotel/motel

Commercial other

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Total residential loans

Total troubled debt restructurings

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Hotel/motel

Commercial other

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Total residential loans

Total troubled debt restructurings

Commercial real estate nonresidential

Hotel/motel

Commercial other

Total commercial loans

Real estate mortgage

Total residential loans

Total troubled debt restructurings

68 

Table of Contents 

thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on loans that were considered troubled debt restructurings.

Residential:

Real estate mortgage

Total defaulted restructured loans

69 

Table of Contents 

Net loan servicing income:

Servicing fees

Late fees

Ancillary fees

Fair value adjustments

Net loan servicing income

Mortgage banking income

million, 
 million, and million at December 31, 2022,
 2021, and 2020,
 respectively. Servicing loans for others generally consist of collecting mortgage payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments to investors, and processing foreclosures. Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with the
 foregoing loan servicing, and included in demand deposits, were approximately million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

New servicing assets created

Change in fair value during the year due to:

Time decay (1)

Payoffs (2)

Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions (3)

Fair value of MSRs, end of year

million, million, and 
 million at December 31, 2022, 2021,
 and 2020, respectively. Fair values for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were determined by third-party valuations
 with a resulting average discount rate in 2022 compared to the average discount rate over the prior two years, respectively, and weighted average default rates of , , and , respectively. Prepayment speeds generated using the Andrew Davidson Prepayment Model averaged , , and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. MSR
 values are very sensitive to movement in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected balance of the underlying loans, which can be greatly impacted by the level of prepayments. CTBI does not currently hedge
 against changes in the fair value of our MSR portfolio.

70 

Table of Contents 

New loans and advances on lines of credit

Repayments

Decrease due to changes in related parties

Related party extensions of credit, end of year

million and million, respectively.

million in
 legal fees and million in expenses, 
 million total, were paid during 2022. Approximately million in legal fees and million in expenses, million total, were paid during 2021. 
 Approximately million in legal fees and 
 million in expenses paid on behalf of CTBI, million total, were paid to this law firm during 2020. A refund was issued for several
 years of adjustments reducing the total paid in 2020 to million.

Leasehold improvements

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment

Construction in progress

Total premises and equipment

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

Premises and equipment, net

million, million, and million, respectively.

New assets acquired

Capitalized costs 

Fair value adjustments

Sale of assets

Ending balance of other real estate owned

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. See note
 1 for a description of our accounting policies relative to foreclosed properties and other real estate owned.

71 

Table of Contents 

Construction/land development/other

Multifamily

Non-farm/non-residential

Total foreclosed properties

Interest bearing demand deposits

Money market deposits

Savings

Certificates of deposit and other time deposits of 100,000 or more

Certificates of deposit and other time deposits less than 100,000

Total deposits

million and million, respectively. 

Certificates of deposit and other time deposits less than 100,000

Total maturities

Federal funds purchased

Total short-term debt

and , respectively.

72 

Table of Contents 

million. 
 The average balance of repurchase agreements for the year was million.

,
 due 6/1/37 

million in junior subordinated debentures to a newly formed unconsolidated Delaware statutory trust subsidiary which in turn issued 
 million of capital securities in a private placement to institutional investors. The debentures, which mature in years but are
 redeemable at par at CTBI s option after , were issued at a rate of until June 1, 2012, and thereafter at a floating rate based on the 
 LIBOR plus . The underlying capital securities were issued at the equivalent rates and terms. The proceeds of the debentures were
 used to fund the redemption on April 2, 2007 of all CTBI s outstanding and junior subordinated debentures in the total amount of million. In May
 2017, CTBI was able to purchase million of the junior subordinated debentures in the open market at a purchase price of million, resulting in a gain of 
 million. In August 2019, an additional million was purchased in the open market at a price of million, resulting in a gain of million. The junior subordinated debentures will be retained by CTBI until maturity, and CTBI will continue to report the junior subordinated debentures at the net amount outstanding of million.

73 

Table of Contents 

-month CME Term SOFR or -month CME Term SOFR (as defined in the Final
 Regulations) as adjusted by the relevant spread adjustment, which is percent or percent, shall be the benchmark replacement for the Applicable LIBOR in the TRUPS Documents and (ii) all applicable benchmark replacement conforming changes (as specified
 in the Final Regulations) will become an integral part of the TRUPS Documents, without any action by any party.

for the March 1, 2023 distribution date, which was based on the 
 LIBOR rate as of November 29, 2022 of plus .

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities 

Total

74 

Table of Contents 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities

Asset-backed securities 

Total

Total FHLB advances

million at a weighted average interest rate of .

million at December 31, 2022 were collateralized by FHLB stock of million and a blanket lien on qualifying 1-4 family first mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2022, CTBI had a million FHLB borrowing capacity with million in advances leaving million available for
 additional advances. The advances had fixed interest rates of and with a weighted average rate of . The advances are
 subject to restrictions or penalties in the event of prepayment.

75 

Table of Contents 

Current state income tax expense

Deferred federal income tax expense (benefit)

Deferred state income tax expense

Effect of Kentucky tax legislation benefit

Total income tax expense

Adjustments resulting from:

Tax-exempt interest

Housing and new markets credits

Bank owned life insurance

ESOP dividend deduction

Stock option exercises and restricted stock vesting

Effect of KY tax legislation

State income taxes

Split dollar life insurance

Other

Total

76 

Table of Contents 

Interest on nonaccrual loans

Accrued expenses

Unrealized losses on AFS securities

Allowance for other real estate owned

State net operating loss carryforward

Lease liabilities

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Depreciation and amortization

FHLB stock dividends

Loan fee income

Mortgage servicing rights

Limited partnership investments

Right of use assets

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset (liability)

million and for 2021 was 
 million. carryforward remains. 

77 

Table of Contents 

separate retirement savings plans, a 401(k) Plan and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP ).

and over) who are credited with of service (12 consecutive month
 period with at least hours). The year of service
 requirement for participant contributions was changed in 2022 to of service effective January 1, 2023. The company match will
 continue to begin with of credited service. Participants in the plan have the option to contribute from to of their annual compensation.
 CTBI matches of participant contributions up to of gross pay. CTBI may, at our discretion, contribute an additional percentage of covered employees compensation. CTBI s matching contributions were million, million, and million for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The 401(k) Plan owned , , and shares of CTBI s common stock at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Substantially all shares owned by the 401(k) Plan were allocated to employee accounts on those dates. The market price of the shares at the date of allocation is essentially the same as the market price at the date of purchase. 

and over) who are credited with of service (12 consecutive month
 period with at least hours). CTBI currently contributes of covered employees compensation to the ESOP. The ESOP uses the contributions to acquire shares of CTBI s common stock. CTBI s contributions to the ESOP were million, million, and million for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The ESOP owned , , and shares of CTBI s common stock at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Substantially all shares owned by the ESOP were allocated to employee accounts on those dates. The market price of the shares at the date of allocation is essentially the same as the market price at the date of purchase.

78 

Table of Contents 

active and 
 inactive incentive stock ownership plans covering key employees. The 2015 Stock Ownership Incentive Plan 2015 Plan was approved by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders in 2015. The 2006 Stock Ownership Incentive Plan 2006 Plan was
 approved by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders in 2006. The 2006 Plan was rendered inactive as of April 28, 2015. The 2015 Plan has 
 shares authorized, of which were available at December 31, 2022. Shares issuable pursuant to awards which were granted under the prior plans on or before their respective expiration or termination dates will be issued from the remaining shares
 reserved for issuance under the prior plans. The shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the prior plans in excess of the number of shares as to which options or other benefits are awarded thereunder, and any shares as to which options or
 other benefits granted under the prior plans may lapse, expire, terminate, or be canceled, will not be reserved and available for issuance or reissuance under the 2015 Plan. 

(a)

Restricted stock

(c) 

(b) 

(a) 

Performance units

(d) 

(b) 

(a) 

Stock appreciation rights SARs 

(e) 

(b) 

(a) 

Total

shares are authorized for issuance; 
 have been issued as of December 31, 2022. In January of 2016, restricted stock shares were issued under the terms of the 2015 Plan pursuant to awards granted under the 2006 Plan. Additional shares will not be issued pursuant to awards
 granted from prior plans. 

shares, and the maximum that may be granted to a participant during any calendar
 year is shares. 

performance units payable in stock had been issued as of December 31, 2022. The maximum payment that can be made pursuant to performance units granted to any one participant in any calendar year is . 

SARS have been issued. The maximum number of shares with respect to which SARs may be granted to a participant during any calendar year is shares. 

Stock option grants

Restricted stock grants

Forfeitures

Shares available for future issuance at December 31,
 2022

stock
 options granted in 2022, 2021, or 2020.

79 

Table of Contents 

stock
 option activity for the 2015 Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Outstanding at end of year

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/expired

Outstanding at end of year

Exercisable at end of year

nonvested options at December 31, 2022. Incentive stock options are exercisable from grant
 date, and management retention stock options are exercisable from grant date. All outstanding options as of December 31, 2022 are management retention stock options. Stock options expire years from the grant date if not exercised within that timeframe. 

years.

options granted from the 2006 Plan during the years 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Options exercisable

Outstanding options

80 

Table of Contents 

restricted
 stock activity for the 2006 Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Total fair value of shares vested for the year

Cash received from option exercises under all share-based payment arrangements for the year

Tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from option exercises of the share-based payment arrangements for
 the year

years.

finance lease for property but no material sublease or leasing arrangements for which it is the
 lessor of property or equipment. CTBI has operating leases for banking and ATM locations. These leases have original remaining lease terms of year to years, some of which include options to renew the leases for up to years. We evaluated the original lease terms for each operating lease,
 some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years, using hindsight. These options, some of which include variable costs related to rent escalations based on recent financial indices, such as the Consumer Price Index, where CTBI estimates future rent increases, are included
 in the calculation of the lease liability and right-of-use asset when management determines it is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. CTBI determines this on each lease by considering all relevant contract-based, asset-based,
 market-based, and entity-based economic factors. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based on the present value of the remaining lease payments using a discount rate that represents our incremental
 borrowing rate, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term, at the lease commencement date. Right-of-use assets are further adjusted for prepaid rent, lease
 incentives, and initial direct costs, if any. 

81 

Table of Contents 

Interest on lease liabilities finance leases

Total finance lease cost

Short-term lease cost

Operating lease cost

Total lease cost

Sublease income

Net lease cost

Finance lease financing cash flows

Operating lease operating cash flows (fixed payments)

Operating lease operating cash flows (liability reduction)

New right-of-use assets operating leases

New right-of-use assets finance leases

Weighted average lease term financing leases

years

years

Weighted average lease term operating leases

years

years

Weighted average discount rate financing leases

Weighted average discount rate operating leases

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less imputed interest

Total

82 

Table of Contents 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agenc y mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities

Equity securities at fair value

Mortgage servicing rights

83 

Table of Contents 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. government sponsored agenc y mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities

Equity securities at fair value

Mortgage servicing rights

liabilities measured and recorded at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There have been no significant changes in the
 valuation techniques during the year ended December 31, 2022. For assets classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the
 process used to develop the reported fair value is described below.

84 

Table of Contents 

Total unrealized gains (losses)

Included in net income

Issues

Settlements

Ending balance

Total gains (losses) for the period included in net income attributable to the change in unrealized gains
 or losses related to assets still held at the reporting date

85 

Table of Contents 

Other real estate owned

Other real estate owned

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 respectively.

86 

Table of Contents 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

and months but generally not more than months. Appraisers are
 selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by management.

Discount cash flows, computer pricing model

Discount rate

- 

Conversion date

Dec 2025 Dec 2029 

 Dec 2027 

Mortgage servicing rights

Discount cash flows, computer pricing model

Constant prepayment rate

- 

Probability of default

- 

Discount rate

- 

Collateral-dependent loans

Market comparable properties

Marketability discount

- 

Other real estate owned

Market comparable properties

Comparability adjustments

- 

87 

Table of Contents 

Discount cash flows, computer pricing model

Discount rate

- 

Conversion date

Dec 2024 - Dec 2028 

 Dec 2026 

Mortgage servicing rights

Discount cash flows, computer pricing model

Constant prepayment rate

- 

Probability of default

- 

Discount rate

- 

Collateral-dependent loans

Market comparable properties

Marketability discount

- 

Other real estate owned

Market comparable properties

Comparability adjustments

- 

and
 the most recent dividend rate of were used to derive the fair value estimate. Significant increases (decreases) in either of
 those inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used for discount rate is accompanied by a directionally opposite change in the fair value estimate.

88 

Table of Contents 

Certificates of deposit in other banks

Debt securities available-for-sale

Equity securities at fair value

Loans held for sale

Loans, net

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Federal Reserve Bank stock

Accrued interest receivable

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

Repurchase agreements

Federal funds purchased

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

Long-term debt

Accrued interest payable

Unrecognized financial instruments:

Letters of credit

Commitments to extend credit

Forward sale commitments

89 

Table of Contents 

Certificates of deposit in other banks

Debt securities available-for-sale

Equity securities at fair value

Loans held for sale

Loans, net

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Federal Reserve Bank stock

Accrued interest receivable

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

Repurchase agreements

Federal funds purchased

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

Long-term debt

Accrued interest payable

Unrecognized financial instruments:

Letters of credit

Commitments to extend credit

Forward sale commitments

Commitments to extend credit

Total off-balance sheet financial instruments

million relating to these financial standby letters of credit. The reserve coverage calculation was
 determined using essentially the same methodology as used for the allowance for credit losses. Approximately of the total standby
 letters of credit are secured, with million of the total million secured by cash. Collateral for the remaining secured standby letters of credit varies but is comprised primarily of accounts receivable, inventory, property,
 equipment, and income-producing properties.

90 

Table of Contents 

million was maintained relating to these commitments. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since
 a portion of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer s creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral
 obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, commercial real estate, and residential real
 estate. A portion of the commitments is to extend credit at fixed rates. Fixed rate loan commitments at December 31, 2022 of million had interest rates ranging predominantly from 
 to and terms predominantly 
 or less. These credit commitments were based on prevailing rates, terms, and conditions applicable to other loans being made at December 31, 2022.

days. These commitments are acquired to reduce market risk on mortgage loans in the process of origination and mortgage loans held for sale since CTBI
 is exposed to interest rate risk during the period between issuing a loan commitment and the sale of the loan into the secondary market. Total mortgage loans in the process of origination amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
 mortgage loans held for sale amounted to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

and 
 of Tier 1 Capital plus the allowance for credit losses, respectively. Lessors of residential buildings and dwellings were for
 each period end and lessors of non-residential buildings credits were for each period end. These percentages are within our
 internally established limits regarding concentrations of credit.

91 

Table of Contents 

million plus any 2023 net profits can be paid by CTB without
 prior regulatory approval.

92 

Table of Contents 

Investment in and advances to subsidiaries

Goodwill

Premises and equipment, net

Deferred tax asset

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and shareholders equity:

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

93 

Table of Contents 

Other income

Total income

Expenses:

Interest expense

Depreciation expense

Other expenses

Total expenses

Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

Income tax benefit

Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Unrealized holding gains (losses) on debt securities available-for-sale:

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period

Less: Reclassification adjustments for realized gains (losses) included in net income

Tax expense (benefit)

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Comprehensive income (loss)

94 

Table of Contents 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Deferred taxes

Stock-based compensation

Changes in:

Other assets

Other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Net purchases of premises and equipment

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock

Dividends paid

Net cash used in financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

t have contract assets, contract liabilities, or related receivable accounts for contracts with customers. In cases where collectability is a concern, CTBI does not
 record revenue.

95 

Table of Contents 

operating segment.

Denominator:

Basic earnings per share:

Weighted average shares

Diluted earnings per share:

Dilutive effect of equity grants

Adjusted weighted average shares

Earnings per share:

Basic earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share

options to purchase common shares that were excluded from the diluted calculations above for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. In addition to
 in-the-money stock options, unvested restricted stock grants were also used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share based on the treasury method.

96 

Table of Contents 

Tax expense (benefit) 

Total reclassifications out of AOCI

97 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the
 Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee

Community Trust
 Bancorp, Inc.

Pikeville,
 Kentucky

Opinion
 on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity and cash
 flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly,
 in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of.

We also have
 audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis
 for Opinion

These financial
 statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.

We are a public
 accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 and the PCAOB.

We conducted our
 audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or
 fraud.

Our audits
 included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis,
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
 financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical

Audit Matters

The critical
 audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
 material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole,
 and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

98 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses

The Company s loan portfolio totaled 3.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated allowance for credit losses was 46.0 million. As more
 fully described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates the allowance for credit losses (ACL) at a level that is appropriate to cover estimated credit losses on individually evaluated loans, as well as
 estimated credit losses inherent in the remainder of the loan and lease portfolio. The determination of the ACL requires significant judgment reflecting the Company s best estimate of expected credit losses. Expected credit losses are measured
 on a collective (pool) basis using a combination of loss-rate methods when the financial assets share similar risk characteristics. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Historical loss rates
 reflecting estimated life of loan losses are analyzed and applied to their respective loan segments comprised of loans not subject to individual evaluation. Historical loss rates are adjusted for significant factors that, in management s
 judgment, reflect the impact of any current conditions on loss recognition, as well as for certain known model limitations. Forecast factors are developed based on information obtained from external sources, as well as consideration of other
 internal information, and are included in the ACL model for a reasonable and supportable 12-month forecast period, with loss factors immediately reverting back to historic loss rates. Management continually reevaluates the other subjective and
 forecast factors included in its ACL analysis.

We identified the valuation of the ACL as a critical audit matter. The primary reason for our determination that the ACL is a critical audit matter is
 that auditing the estimated ACL involved significant judgment and complex review. Auditing the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating management s model selections, segmentation,
 weighted average life calculations, assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors, assessment of forecast factors, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans and assessing the
 appropriateness of loan grades.

Our audit procedures related to the estimated ACL included the following procedures, among others.

Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ACL, including the qualitative and forecast factor adjustments of the ACL and any
 limitations of the model

Testing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls, including those related to technology, over the ACL calculation including data completeness and
 accuracy, verification of historical net loss data and calculated net loss rates, the establishment of qualitative and forecast adjustments, grading and risk classification of loans by segment, including internal independent loan review
 functions, establishment of reserves on individually evaluated loans and management s review controls over the ACL

Testing of completeness and accuracy of the information utilized in the calculation of the ACL, including reports used in management review controls over the ACL

Assessing the relevance and reliability of assumptions and data

Testing clerical and computational accuracy of the formulas within the calculation

Evaluating the inherent limitations of the models selected by the Company and need for and level of qualitative factor adjustments

Evaluating how historical losses for each segment are analyzed using a model that is appropriate for the related loan segment, and applied to their respective
 outstanding balances

Evaluating segmentation of the loan portfolio for reasonableness based on risk characteristics of the pooled loans

Evaluating the qualitative factor adjustments, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions

Evaluating the forecast adjustments, including assessing the information sources, basis for the adjustments, and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions

Evaluating management s risk ratings of loans through utilizing internal professionals to assist us in evaluating the appropriateness of loan grades

Evaluating specific reserves on individually analyzed loans

Evaluating overall reasonableness of estimated reserve by considering past performance of the Company s loan portfolio, trends in credit quality of the loan
 portfolio and trends in the credit quality of peer institutions and comparing the trends to the Company s ACL trends for directional consistency compared to previous years

/s/ 

(Formerly BKD, LLP) 

We have served as Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. s auditor since 2006.

February 28, 2023

99 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.

Pikeville, Kentucky

Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited
 Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. s (Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established
 in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO.

We also have
 audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
 of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management report on internal control. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s

internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
 federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
 weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
 believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
 (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
 permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
 company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ 

(Formerly BKD, LLP)

February 28, 2023

100 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

CTBI s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934. As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was carried out by CTBI s management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
 and procedures. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were effective in ensuring material information required to be disclosed in this annual report on Form 10-K was
 recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the control criteria in the 2013 COSO Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, we have concluded that CTBI s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022.

There were no changes in CTBI s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, CTBI s internal control over financial reporting.

101 

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

We, as management of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries CTBI ), are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to
 the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
 performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even
 effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.

Because of the inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may not prevent or detect misstatements due to the possibility that a
 control can be circumvented or overridden or that misstatements due to error or fraud may occur that are not detected. Also, projections of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures included in such controls may deteriorate.

Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the control criteria in the 2013 COSO Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, we have concluded that CTBI s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022.

The effectiveness of CTBI s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by FORVIS, LLP (formerly BKD, LLP), an independent registered public accounting firm
 that audited CTBI s consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.

February 28, 2023

/s/ Mark A. Gooch

Mark A. Gooch

Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Kevin J. Stumbo

Kevin J. Stumbo

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer

102 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance

The information required by this item (other than disclosure of our executive officers, which is included in Part I, Item 1 of this report) is omitted, because CTBI is filing a definitive proxy
 statement pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report which includes the required information. The required information contained in CTBI s proxy statement is incorporated herein by
 reference.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

The information required by this item is omitted because CTBI is filing a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
 this report which includes the required information. The required information contained in CTBI s proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

The information required by this item other than the information provided below is omitted, because CTBI is filing a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
 after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report which includes the required information. The required information contained in CTBI s proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference.

103 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans under which common shares of CTBI are authorized for issuance to officers or employees in
 exchange for consideration in the form of services provided to CTBI and/or our subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, we maintained one active and one inactive incentive stock option plans covering key employees. The 2015 Stock Ownership Incentive
 Plan 2015 Plan was approved by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders in 2015. The 2006 Stock Ownership Incentive Plan 2006 Plan was approved by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders in 2006. The 2006 Plan was rendered
 inactive as of April 28, 2015. The 2015 Plan has 550,000 shares authorized, 400,221 of which were available at December 31, 2022. Shares issuable pursuant to awards which were granted under the prior plans on or before their respective
 expiration or termination dates will be issued from the remaining shares reserved for issuance under the prior plans. The shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the prior plans in excess of the number of shares as to which options or
 other benefits are awarded thereunder, and any shares as to which options or other benefits granted under the prior plans may lapse, expire, terminate, or be canceled, will not be reserved and available for issuance or reissuance under the 2015
 Plan.

A

B

C

Plan Category

 (shares in thousands)

Number of Common 

 Shares to be 

 Issued Upon Exercise

Weighted Average Price

Number of Securities 

 Available for Future 

 Issuance Under Equity 

 Compensation Plans 

 (excluding securities 

 reflected in Column A)

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders:

20

32.27

400

Stock options

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders

0

--

0

Total

400

Additional information regarding CTBI s stock option plans can be found in notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships, Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by this item is omitted, because CTBI is filing a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
 by this report which includes the required information. The required information contained in CTBI s proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this item is omitted, because CTBI is filing a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
 by this report which includes the required information. The required information contained in CTBI s proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference.

104 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) 1. Financial Statements

The following financial statements of CTBI and the auditor s report thereon are filed as part of this Form 10-K under Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Consolidated Statements of Income and Other Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (FORVIS, LLP, Louisville, Kentucky, PCAOB ID 686 

2. Financial Statement Schedules

All required financial statement schedules for CTBI have been included in this Form 10-K in the consolidated financial statements or the related footnotes.

3. Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description of Exhibits

3.1

Articles of Incorporation and all amendments thereto {incorporated by reference to registration statement no. 33-35138}

3.2 

By-laws of CTBI as amended July 25, 1995 {incorporated by reference to registration statement no. 33-61891}

3.3 

By-laws of CTBI as amended January 29, 2008 {incorporated by reference to current report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2008}

4.1+

Description of CTBI s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

10.1 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (effective January 1, 2007) {incorporated herein by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 under SEC file no.
 000-111-29}

10.2 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. Savings and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Amendment Number One effective January 1, 2002, Amendment Number Two effective January 1, 2004, Amendment Number Three effective March
 28, 2005, and Amendment Number Four effective January 1, 2006) {incorporated herein by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 under SEC file no. 000-111-29}

10.4 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan {incorporated by reference to registration statement no. 333-74217}

10.5 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Ownership Incentive Plan {incorporated by reference to Proxy Statement dated March 24, 2006}

105 

Table of Contents 

10.6 

Form of Severance Agreement between Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. and executive officers (currently in effect with respect to twelve executive officers) {incorporated herein by reference to Form 10-K for the
 fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 under SEC file no. 000-111-29}

10.7 

Senior Management Incentive Compensation Plan (2023) {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2023}

10.8 

Restricted Stock Agreement {incorporated herein by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 under SEC file no. 000-111-29}

10.9 

Employee Incentive Compensation Plan (2023) {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2023}

10.10 

Amendment to the Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Ownership Incentive Plan {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2012}

10.11 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Stock Ownership Incentive Plan {incorporated herein by reference to registration statement no. 333-208053}

10.21 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2021 Executive Committee Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2021}

10.22 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Executive Committee Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2022}

10.23 

Amendment to Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Executive Committee Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated February 3, 2022}

10.24 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2023 Executive Committee Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan {incorporated herein by reference to current report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2023}

21 +

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

23.1 +

Consent of FORVIS, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

31.1 +

Certification of Principal Executive Officer (Mark A. Gooch, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer)

31.2 +

Certification of Principal Financial Officer (Kevin J. Stumbo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer)

32.1 +

Certification of Mark A. Gooch, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

106 

Table of Contents 

32.2 +

Certification of Kevin J. Stumbo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

99.1 

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment Plan, as amended December 20, 2013 {incorporated by reference to registration statement no. 333-193011}

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report.

+ Furnished with this report.

(b) Exhibits

The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted in (a) 3. above.

(c) Financial Statement Schedules

None

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None

107 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP, INC.

February 28, 2023

By:

/s/ Mark A. Gooch

Mark A. Gooch

Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive

 Officer

/s/ Kevin J. Stumbo

Kevin J. Stumbo

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,

and Treasurer

108 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date
 indicated.

February 28, 2023

/s/ M. Lynn Parrish

Chairman of the Board

M. Lynn Parrish

February 28, 2023

/s/ Mark A. Gooch

Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

Mark A. Gooch

February 28, 2023

/s/ Kevin J. Stumbo

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer

Kevin J. Stumbo

February 28, 2023

/s/ Charles J. Baird

Director

Charles J. Baird

February 28, 2023

/s/ Franklin H. Farris, Jr.

Director

Franklin H. Farris, Jr.

February 28, 2023

/s/ Eugenia Crit Luallen

Director

Eugenia Crit Luallen

February 28, 2023

/s/ Ina Michelle Matthews

Director

Ina Michelle Matthews

February 28, 2023

/s/ James E. McGhee, II

Director

James E. McGhee II

February 28, 2023

/s/ Franky Minnifield

Director

Franky Minnifield

February 28, 2023

/s/ Anthony W. St. Charles

Director

Anthony W. St. Charles

February 28, 2023

/s/ Chad C. Street

Director

Chad C. Street

109 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc10048754_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. had four subsidiaries as of January 1, 2023.

Jurisdiction of 

 Organization

Shares Owned by 

 CTBI

Percent Voting 

 Stock Held by 

 CTBI

Community Trust Bank, Inc., Pikeville, Kentucky

Kentucky

285,000 Common

100 

Community Trust and Investment Company, Lexington, Kentucky

Kentucky

500 Common

100 

CTBI Preferred Capital Trust III

Delaware

1,841 Common Trust Securities

100 

Community Trust Asset Management

Kentucky

2,000 Common

100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc10048754_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-193011) and Form S-8 (No. 333-208053) of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. of our reports dated February 28,
 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this annual
 report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 28, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, which report is
 included in this annual report on Form 10-K.

/s/ FORVIS, LLP 

(Formerly BKD, LLP)

Louisville, Kentucky

February 28, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10048754_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer

I, Mark A. Gooch, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. CTBI ), certify that:

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.;

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of CTBI as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report;

(4) 
 
 CTBI s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for CTBI and have:

(a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to CTBI, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
 made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of CTBI s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
 based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in CTBI s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during CTBI s most recent fiscal quarter (CTBI s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonable likely to materially affect, CTBI s internal control over financial reporting; and

(5) 
 
 CTBI s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to CTBI s auditors and the audit committee of CTBI s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect CTBI s ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information and

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in CTBI s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Mark A. Gooch

Mark A. Gooch

Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

February 28, 2023

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10048754_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Certification of Principal Financial Officer

I, Kevin J. Stumbo,
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. CTBI ), certify that:

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.;

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of CTBI as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report;

(4) 
 
 CTBI s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for CTBI and have:

(a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to CTBI, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
 made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of CTBI s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
 based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in CTBI s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during CTBI s most recent fiscal quarter (CTBI s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
 is reasonable likely to materially affect, CTBI s internal control over financial reporting; and

(5) 
 
 CTBI s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to CTBI s auditors and the audit committee of CTBI s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect CTBI s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information and

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in CTBI s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Kevin J. Stumbo

Kevin J. Stumbo

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer

February 28, 2023

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10048754_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. CTBI on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
 hereof (the Report ), I, Mark A. Gooch, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of CTBI, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
 knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CTBI.

/s/ Mark A. Gooch

Mark A. Gooch

Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

February 28, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc10048754_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. CTBI on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
 hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin J. Stumbo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of CTBI, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best
 of my knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CTBI.

/s/ Kevin J. Stumbo

Kevin J. Stumbo

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer

February 28, 2023

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ctbi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ctbi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ctbi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ctbi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ctbi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

