<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1781405_0001731122-23-000547.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6555428</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258194</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2112951</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1665865</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1067979</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1306534</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000547.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000547
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781405
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				841766761
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-234741
		FILM NUMBER:		23788997

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 BROWN ROAD
		CITY:			ITHACA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		607-351-9768

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 BROWN ROAD
		CITY:			ITHACA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14850

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000547.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 e4533_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
_________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other Jurisdiction
 of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address, including zip code,
and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Title of class 

 Not Applicable 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name, former address
and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of March
31, 2023, there were 
outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

ODYSSEY SEMICONDUCTOR TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 32 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 39 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 39 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 46 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 51 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 54 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 55 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K
 Summary 
 55 

Signatures 
 56 

1 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Information 

This Annual Report of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies,
Inc. on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, particularly those identified with the words, anticipates, believes, 
 expects, plans, intends, objectives, and similar expressions. These statements
reflect management s best judgment based on factors known at the time of such statements. The reader may find discussions containing
such forward-looking statements in the material set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis and Plan of Operations, 
generally, and specifically therein under the captions Liquidity and Capital Resources as well as elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed herein. The forward-looking statements specified
in the following information have been compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered
by management to be reasonable. Our future operating results, however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or
warranty is to be inferred from those forward-looking statements. The assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements
specified in the following information represent estimates of future events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in
economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances. As a result, the identification and interpretation of data and other information
and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the
extent that the assumed events do not occur, the outcome may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly,
no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking statements. No assurance can be given that any of the assumptions
relating to the forward-looking statements specified in the following information are accurate, and we assume no obligation to update
any such forward-looking statements. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms
 we , our , ours us and Odyssey Technologies , refer to Odyssey Semiconductor
Technologies, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Odyssey Semiconductor, Inc. and JR2J LLC, on a combined basis. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Background 

Odyssey
Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), formed as a Delaware corporation on April 12, 2019, is a semiconductor
device company developing revolutionary high-voltage power switching components and systems based on proprietary Gallium Nitride (GaN)
processing technology. The Company acquired its wholly-owned subsidiary, Odyssey Semiconductor, Inc., a Delaware corporation Odyssey
Semiconductor ), on June 21, 2019. Odyssey Semiconductor commenced business operations on June 17, 2019 when it acquired its wholly-owned
subsidiary, JR2J LLC JR2J ), from its founders Richard Brown and James Shealy in exchange for shares of Odyssey Semiconductor. 

2 

Overview of The Semiconductor
Industry 

The semiconductor
industry was formed in 1960 when the production of semiconductors became a viable option. The global semiconductor market has grown rapidly,
from over 1 billion USD in 1964 1 to 527.88 billion in 2021 and is projected to grow from 573.44 billion in 2022 to
 1,380.79 billion in 2029 2 . 

The application
of semiconductors has expanded extensively from radio in the 1960s to crucial electronic components nowadays to all manufactured
products with computing or power management capabilities, ranging from computers and personal electronics to automotive goods and heavy
machinery. Semiconductor devices mounted inside many electronics appliances are important electronic components that support our
everyday lives. 

Integrated
circuits (ICs) and electronic discrete components such as diodes (which are two-terminal electronic components that conduct current primarily
in one direction) and transistors (which are devices possessing an amplification function) are made of semiconductors. 

1 
Pines, Lawrence. \Who Are Advanced Micro Devices Main Competitors?. Investopedia. Accessed September 30, 2019. https://www.investopedia.com/articles/markets/041816/who-are-advanced-micro-devices-main-competitors-amd.asp 

2 
https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/semiconductor-market-102365 

3 

The semiconductor
industry is divided into six broad categories based on the end-use application: 

Data processing:
This comprises chips used in servers, computers, printers, and related hardware. This is the largest segment where semiconductors are
used. However, growth in this segment has moderated, and no breakthrough innovation is expected in the near future. 

Communications:
This comprises chips used in wired and wireless communication equipment such as smartphones, tablets, and broadband equipment. This segment
is growing at a faster pace. 

Consumer electronics:
This comprises chips used in household appliances, LCD TVs, and gaming consoles. 

Industrial:
This comprises chips used in scanning devices such as bar code scanners and point-of-sale terminals, medical devices such as patient
monitors and ultrasound imaging, and power supply equipment. 

Automotive:
This comprises chips used in electronic automotive components such as power steering and lighting. 

Military and
civil aerospace: This is a specialized segment where integrated circuits related to a particular application are built. 

Advantage and Market Focus
of the Company 

Semiconductors are
materials which have conductors (generally metals), and nonconductors or insulators (such as most ceramics), which have
negligible conductivity. The conductivity of a semiconductor material may be altered in useful ways by the deliberate, controlled introduction
of impurities into the crystal structure of the material to modulate its electrical, optical and structural properties. This process
is known as doping . 

Silicon
(Si) is traditionally the most common semiconductor material. However, Si-based systems have proven to perform inadequately in high-power
conversion applications. We described the applications where Si-based systems perform inadequately as the premium power switching device
market, which was 571 million in 2018 and is projected to pass 5 billion by 2029 3 .This growth is largely driven by the rapid
adoption of electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid electric vehicles (HEV) and the growing number of installations of renewables such as solar
and wind power as well as increased demand for more efficient industrial motor drives. 

The premium
power switching device market is currently being pursued by the semiconductor material silicon carbide (SiC). GaN-based systems outperform
Si and SiC based systems in every way due to the superior material properties of GaN. However, today s commercially available GaN
devices are built in a way that is only useful in lower voltage applications. This is because to date, it has been proven difficult to
process GaN using standard semiconductor processing methods which would allow for higher voltages. While GaN can be implanted with ions
through doping process like any other semiconductor, unlike Si or SiC, the temperature required to activate the ions in GaN destroys
the crystal, making implant and activate scheme impractical in the GaN material. The Company has developed proprietary technology that
allows activation of dopants in the GaN. This proprietary technology allows GaN to be processed in a manner that for the first time makes
high voltage GaN power switching devices viably manufacturable. 

Because
the Company has invented an approach to allow GaN power switches to compete at voltages currently served by SiC and Si, the Company expects
that its GaN power products will completely overlap the current market for SiC power switching market. Furthermore, the Company expects
that its GaN power products will exceed switching speeds and operating voltages currently attainable reliably with SiC. 

GaN
is both less expensive to produce and offers significant performance advantages over SiC in system efficiency and system size. Currently
there are no GaN devices in the market with ratings more than 1,000 V, which will be our strength area, however, our products will address
voltages as low as 650 V. 

3 Omdia:
\GaN SiC power semiconductor markets set to pass 1 billion mark in 2021. published July 22, 2020 

4 

What
Is A Switch-Mode Power Converter 

Broadly
speaking, switch-mode power converters are used to efficiently transform one voltage to another for the purpose of supplying power to
and from different systems. 

Simple case
- Power converter (brick) converts power at 120 V wall plug to power to 18.5 V to safely charge laptops/phones: 

Advanced
case - Power converters charge 400 V batteries from 120 V wall plug / Power motor at 400 V from variable battery voltage / Charge batteries
from regenerative braking to 400 V: 

5 

What Is A Power Switch 

A power
switch is a semiconductor device that can switch large voltages and currents at high frequency. It is the heart of any power converter.
An ideal power switch presents little resistance in the on state, infinite resistance in the off state, and
can switch between on and off at high speed with no stored charge. 

Different
semiconductor materials are better suited to making power switches. For a given operating voltage, GaN is 1000 times less resistive than
Si, and 10 times less resistive than SiC. Lower resistance results in switches that reduce power loss. Moreover, GaN devices take up
less area than Si or SiC, which lowers their capacitance, which allows a faster system switching speed. 

Inductors
and transformers typically are the largest components in the system. GaN based solutions are approximately 1/4 of the size of SiC based
solutions. Smaller passive components are cheaper than larger variants because of the requirement of less materials such as copper. 

The system
size of a power converter is inversely related to the switching speed at which it operates. As switching speed increases, the size of
the surrounding passive components become much smaller. GaN power converter circuits are approximately 4x smaller than SiC solutions
for equivalent power ratings. 

Examples
of Passive Components Accompanying Switches 

6 

Furthermore,
replacing SiC devices with GaN devices has the potential to reduce power loss by 40-70 compared to SiC. The diagram below compares the
level of power losses with the use of Si, Sic and GaN based systems: 

In summary,
GaN-based solutions are smaller in size, cost less and yield greater efficiency comparing to Si-based or SiC-based solutions. 

Comparing
SiC and GaN Solutions for EVs 

Our proprietary
vertically conducting GaN devices are approximately 10 times smaller in chip size compared to devices fabricated from SiC, since the
resistance of GaN is approximately one-tenth of that of SiC. As such, the cost of making vertically conducting devices is significantly
lower than SiC devices. 

The Company
expects that a significant market exists for GaN solutions once high-voltage vertical GaN is commercially available, especially in the
EV market. For example, there are 24 units of SiC metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET) used in each Tesla Model
3 module. There were over 800,000 Tesla Model 3 units delivered as of December 2020, which represents about 19,200,000
SiC MOSFETs. It is estimated that by 2025 each year there will be approximately 8.4 million EVs and 25 million HEVs to be sold [4] . 

In 2022,
Yole provided the following forecast on the power SiC market that the market is growing at a 40 Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) and
will grow to over 6 billion by 2027. The largest segment in this market is for automotive (e.g., EV) and estimated to be over 5 billion
in 2027. Our products will completely overlap those of SiC power devices and as such, our Total Available Market will be at least equal
that of the power SiC market. 

4 https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/research/electric-vehicles 

7 

Competition and Challenges 

There are
many horizontal-conduction (meaning the current flows horizontally, along the surface of the wafer), high-electron-mobility transistor (HEMT)
products emerging from industry. HEMT transistors are able to operate at higher frequencies than ordinary transistors, up to millimeter
wave frequencies, and are used in high-frequency products such as cell phones, satellite television receivers, voltage
converters, and radar equipment. However, horizontal-conduction device technology has difficulty scaling beyond 650 V. 

In contrast
to horizontal-conduction devices, vertical-conduction (meaning the current flows from the top surface of the wafer to the bottom surface)
devices could easily have scaling beyond 650 V; however, there are currently few discrete parts available with ratings above 650 V, and
none above 1,000 V. The Company believes it is uniquely poised to enter into the >1,000 V device market and above with its vertical
conduction device technology. 

Demonstration
of Vertical Conduction 

8 

We expect
that our competitors will include a number of larger companies, particularly in the SiC area (such as STMicro, WolfSpeed, Texas Instruments
(TI), Infineon, On Semiconductor, and etc.) which have more substantial research and development budgets than us. Even smaller companies
which are more targeted in their development efforts, such as Nexgen Power Systems, Inc., may be our potential competitors. If we are
unable to compete effectively with our competitors, our products or technologies may be rendered obsolete or noncompetitive, which could
materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

I ntellectual Property 

The company
has two issued, and four in-process patents to date by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office that cover the core technology used in the
Company s current device technology. The Company is also continuing to actively prepare and submit new patent applications based
on its proprietary technology. Furthermore, the Company continues to perform research and development that will likely result in additional
patent applications in the future. 

Research Development,
and Commercialization of Our Technology 

We perform research and development
on GaN power switching devices as well as provide consulting services to third parties with regard to similar foundry processing which
may involve materials other than GaN. We plan to meet the following milestones for the commercialization of our GaN technology: 

From inception to
2022 : 
 
 Continue developing
medium to high voltage GaN-based vertical conduction devices 

Confirm specifications and packaging plans
for samples of first product with customers 

Continue to write and submit patent applications 

Complete initial development of first GaN-based vertical
conduction product 

Hire new Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Accounting Officer 

Develop sales and marketing capability 

Validate approach to high-voltage Vertical GaN technology

Fabricate engineering samples of first
product 
 
 From 2023 
 
 Provide customers with engineering samples of first product 

Define and develop second product with close partnership
with lead customers 

Ship second product 

9 

We plan to market our products
in the following market verticals: 

Industrial
 motor drives : It is estimated that motor drives consume 45 of all power generated in the world. 5 Energy consumption
 can be drastically reduced by using variable-frequency drives (VFDs) on induction motors. The compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
 of the VFD market is estimated to be 6.7 to 2025, by which year the market size of the market is estimated to be 33.1 billion. 6 

EV / HEV
 power systems : It is projected that electric vehicles will account for over 22 of all vehicle sales by 2030. 7 We
 estimate that adoption of GaN-based drive systems could potentially increase efficiency by 15 . The CAGR of the EV power electronics
 market is estimated to be 4.48 from 2017-2022, and the market size is estimated to be 5.49 billion by 2022. 8 

Grid connected
 renewable power systems: Solar power accounted for 29 of all new electric generating capacity brought online in 2018. 9 We
 believe that GaN-based power conversion systems will reduce system size and increase efficiency and reliability. The CAGR of the
 Photovoltaic (PV) power electronics market is estimated to be 3.9 by 2026 with a market share of 10.37 billion. 10 

The Company has incurred 2,085,815 in
research expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we have 13 full time employees
and 1 part-time employee. No employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 

Principal Offices 

Our principal offices are located at 9 Brown Road,
Ithaca, NY 14850. 

We lease one (1) 10,000 sq.
ft. facility in the State of New York for our operations. Our lease expires on November 30, 2025. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 The risks and uncertainties described below could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations and projections. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes
in Item 8. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report generally because we do
not currently perceive them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. 

We face risks related to health epidemics and
other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse impact on us. The recent coronavirus
outbreak could materially and adversely affect our business. 

An outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by coronavirus
disease 2019 COVID-19 has resulted in millions of infections and hundreds of thousands of deaths worldwide as of the
date hereof, and continues to spread across the globe, including within the United States. The outbreak of COVID-19 or by other
epidemics could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the spread of the virus
worsens in regions in which we have material operations or sales, our business activities originating from affected areas, including
sales, manufacturing and supply chain related activities, could be adversely affected. Disruptive activities could include the temporary
closure of our facilities and those used in our supply chain processes, restrictions on the shipment of our products, business closures
in impacted areas, and restrictions on our employees and consultants ability to travel and to meet with customers. If workers
at one or more of our offices or the offices of our suppliers or manufacturers become ill or are quarantined and in either or both events
are therefore unable to work, our operations could be subject to disruption. Further, if our manufacturers become unable to obtain necessary
raw materials or components, we may incur higher supply costs or our manufacturers may be required to reduce production levels,
either of which may negatively affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

5 CleanTechnica.
\Electric Motors Use 45 of Global Electricity, Europe Responding {+ Electric Motor Efficiency Infographic},. June 16, 2011. https://cleantechnica.com/2011/06/16/electric-motors-consume-45-of-global-electricity-europe-responding-electric-motor-efficiency-infographic/. 

6
 https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/variable-frequency-speed-drives-vfd-vsd-market 

7
 https://www.prnewswire.com/in/news-releases/electric-vehicles-market-sales-will-surge-to-4-million-units-in-2020-12-million-units-in-2025-and-21-million-units-in-2030-858019212.html 

8
 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/automotive-power-electronics-market-226516353.html 

9
 https://www.seia.org/research-resources/solar-market-insight-report-2018-q3 

10
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pv-inverter-market-size-worth-10-37-billion-by-2026-cagr-3-9-grand-view-research-inc-300902312.html 

10 

As events are rapidly changing, we do not know how
long the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been introduced to respond to it will disrupt our operations or the full extent
of that disruption. We also cannot predict how long the effects of COVID-19 and the efforts to contain it will continue to impact our
business after the pandemic is under control. Governments could take additional restrictive measures to combat the pandemic that could
further impact our business or the economy in the geographies in which we operate. It is also possible that the impact of the pandemic
and response on our suppliers, customers and markets will persist for some time after governments ease their restrictions. These measures
have negatively impacted, and may continue to impact, our business and financial condition as the responses to control COVID-19 continue. 

We are recently formed and are currently operating
at a loss. Our lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase the risks associated
with an investment in our shares of common stock Common Stock ). 

The Company was recently formed in 2019 and is currently
operating at a loss. Therefore, the Company is subject to the risks involved with any speculative early-stage enterprise. There is no
assurance that the Company will successfully offer, market and distribute its products or services. The Company may continue to experience
net losses and negative cash flows from operations or become only marginally profitable. The time required to reach substantial profitability
is highly uncertain. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve substantial profitability or that profitability,
if achieved, can be sustained on an ongoing basis. There is no assurance that actual cash requirements will not exceed our estimates.
Such risks for the Company include, but are not limited to: 

an evolving, unpredictable and unproven business model; 

an intensely competitive developing market; 

rapidly changing technology and unpredictable characteristics of materials and processes; 

managing growth; 

dependence on key personnel; 

limited operating capital and limited access to credit; and 

other unforeseen changes and developments. 

In order to address these risks, the Company must, among other things: 

implement and successfully execute its business strategy; 

provide superior customer service; 

respond to competitive developments; 

attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; and 

respond to unforeseen and changing circumstances 

11 

The Company cannot assure investors that it will succeed in addressing these
risks. 

Our business depends substantially on the continuing
efforts of our executive officers and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

Our future success depends substantially on the continued
services of our executive officers. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our executive officers and directors. If one
or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them
readily, if at all. Under such circumstances our business may be severely disrupted and we may incur additional expenses attempting to
recruit and retain new officers. 

We may be unable to attract and retain highly
skilled personnel. 

Our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate
and retain highly skilled personnel, including research, technical, marketing, management and staff personnel. In the semiconductor industry,
the competition for qualified personnel, particularly experienced design engineers and other technical employees, is intense, particularly
when the business cycle is improving. During such periods, competitors may try to recruit our most valuable technical employees. Moreover,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our current personnel or recruit the key personnel we require. Loss of the services
of, or failure to effectively recruit, qualified personnel, including senior managers, could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position and on our business. 

There may be limitations on the effectiveness
of our internal controls. Failure of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial results. 

Proper systems of internal controls over financial
accounting and disclosure are critical to the operation of a public company. Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and
fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the financial
statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization;
and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal
control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent
fraud. 

We do not expect that disclosure controls or internal
control over financial reporting, even if established, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud
could materially adversely impact us. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting, such that a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

12 

We may be unable to complete our analysis of
our internal controls over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective,
which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock. 

We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, to furnish a report by our management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
for each fiscal year. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our
internal control over financial reporting, as well as a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an
opinion on our internal control over financial reporting. 

If we are unable to assert that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective, or, if applicable, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion
on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports,
which would cause the price of our Common Stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. We will also
be required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. 

However, our independent registered public accounting
firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section
404 until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the recently enacted JOBS Act, if we continue
to take advantage of the exemptions contained in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five
years, although if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 30. 

At such time, our independent registered public accounting
firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed
or operating. Our remediation efforts may not enable us to avoid a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
in the future. Any of the foregoing occurrences, should they come to pass, could negatively impact the public perception of our company,
which could have a negative impact on our stock price. 

Our management team has limited experience
managing a public company. 

Most members of our management team have limited
experience managing a publicly-traded company, interacting with public company investors and complying with the increasingly complex
laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage the Company as a public company subject
to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities
analysts and investors. These obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could divert
their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

We depend on a limited number of customers
and the loss of one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 100 of
revenue was generated from two customers. Unlike prior years, we received no governmental contracts. During the year ended December
31, 2021, approximately 56 of revenues were generated from two governmental entities Governmental client ).
Our contracts with both of such Governmental clients expired in 2021. 

Due to the concentration of revenues from a limited
number of customers, if we do not receive the payments expected from any of these major customers, our revenue, results
of operation and financial condition will be negatively impacted. 

13 

In addition, we cannot assure that any of our customers
in the future will not cease purchasing products or services from us in favor of products or services produced
by other suppliers, significantly reduce orders or seek price reductions in the future, and any such event could have a material adverse
effect on our revenue, profitability, and results of operations. 

Furthermore, if a significant portion of our revenue
is derived from customers in certain industries, a downturn or lower sales to customers in such industries could materially adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

If we do not have access to capital on favorable
terms, on the timeline we anticipate, or at all, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We anticipate that our current cash on hand, grant
revenue and customer payments will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next 6 months. However, we anticipate that
we will routinely incur significant costs to conduct research and development, implement new manufacturing and information technologies,
to increase our productivity and efficiency, to upgrade equipment and to expand production capacity. There can be no assurance that we
will realize a return on the capital expended. We also anticipate incurring material amounts of debt to fund these requirements in the
future. Significant volatility or disruption in the global financial markets may result in us not being able to obtain additional financing
on favorable terms, on the timeline we anticipate, or at all, and we may not be able to refinance, if necessary, any outstanding debt
when due, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We currently have no commitments for any additional
capital and there can be no assurance that we will receive any such commitments, or that any commitments for capital will be on terms
that are acceptable to us. Any inability to obtain additional funding on favorable terms, on the timeline we anticipate, or at all, may
cause us to curtail our operations significantly, reduce planned capital expenditures and research and development, or obtain funds through
arrangements that management does not currently anticipate, including disposing of our assets and relinquishing rights to certain technologies,
the occurrence of any of which may significantly impair our ability to remain competitive. If our operating results falter, our cash
flow or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly, we could face liquidity problems that could
materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

If our estimates related to expenditures and/or
expected revenue are inaccurate, our business may fail. 

The success of our business is dependent in part
upon the accuracy of our management s estimates of expenditures and revenue for the next 6 months and beyond. If such estimates
are inaccurate or we encounter unforeseen expenses and delays or significant unexpected reduction of revenue, we may not be able to carry
out our business plan, which could result in the failure of our business. 

If the Company cannot effectively manage growth
by implementing and improving its operational and financial systems, the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

In order to maximize the potential growth in
the Company s market opportunities, the Company may have to expand rapidly and significantly. The impetus for expansion could place
a significant strain on the management, operational and financial resources of the Company. In order to manage growth, the
Company will be required to implement and continually improve its operational and financial systems, expand operations, attract and retain
superior management and train, manage and expand its employee base. The Company can give no assurance that it will effectively manage
its operations, that its system, procedures, or controls will adequately support operations or that management of the Company will successfully
implement its business plan. If the Company cannot effectively manage growth, the Company s business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

14 

We may not obtain insurance coverage to adequately
cover all significant risk exposures. 

We will be exposed to liabilities that are unique
to the products we provide. There can be no assurance that we will acquire or maintain insurance for certain risks, that the amount of
our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, or that we will not be forced to bear substantial costs resulting
from risks and uncertainties of business. It also may not be possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and
liabilities. The failure to obtain adequate insurance coverage on terms favorable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If product liability lawsuits are brought against
us, we may incur substantial liabilities. 

We face a potential risk of product liability as
a result of any of the products that we develop, manufacture and/or offer for sale. For example, we may be sued if any product we
develop, manufacture and/or sell allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing,
marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure
to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under
state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial
liabilities. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual
outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for products that we may offer for sale; 

injury to our reputation; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; and 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional
 restrictions. 

We currently do not maintain any product liability
insurance. We may obtain product liability insurance in the future. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain product
liability insurance or that such insurance will be affordable or sufficient. If we are unable to obtain or retain sufficient product
liability insurance coverage, it could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop. Even if we obtain product liability
insurance in the future, we may have to pay amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 

Warranty claims, product liability claims and
product recalls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Manufacturing semiconductors is a highly complex
and precise process, requiring production in a tightly controlled, clean environment. Minute impurities in our manufacturing materials,
contaminants in the manufacturing environment, manufacturing equipment failures, and other defects can cause our products to be non-compliant with
customer requirements or otherwise nonfunctional. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to warranty and product liability claims in
the event that our products fail to perform as expected or such failure of our products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily
injury or property damage (or both). In addition, if any of our designed products are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required
to participate in their recall. A successful warranty or product liability claim against us in excess of our available insurance
coverage, if any, and established reserves, or a requirement that we participate in a product recall, could have material adverse effects
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, in the event that our products fail to perform
as expected or such failure of our products results in a recall, our reputation may be damaged, which could make it more difficult for
us to sell our products to existing and prospective customers and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

15 

Since a defect or failure in our product could give
rise to failures in the goods that incorporate them (and claims for consequential damages against our customers from their customers),
we may face claims for damages that are disproportionate to the revenue and profits we receive from the products involved. We plan to
attempt to limit our liability through our standard terms and conditions of sale and other customer contracts in certain instances; however,
there is no assurance that such limitations will be effective. To the extent that we are liable for damages in excess of the
revenue and profits we received from the products involved, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. 

A significant product defect or product recall
could materially and adversely affect our brand image, causing a decline in our sales and profitability, and could reduce or deplete
our financial resources. 

Provided we are successful in developing and selling
our products, any product defect could materially harm our brand image and could force us to conduct a product recall. This could damage
our relationships with our customers. A product recall would be particularly harmful to us because we will likely have limited financial
and administrative resources to effectively manage a product recall and it would detract management s attention from implementing
our core business strategies. As a result, a significant product defect or product recall could cause a decline in our sales and profitability
and could reduce or deplete our financial resources. 

We will be dependent
on the services of third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers, and any disruption in or deterioration of the quality of the services
delivered by such third parties could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We plan to use third-party contractors for certain
of our manufacturing activities. Our agreements with these manufacturers may require us to commit to purchase services based on forecasted
product needs, which may be inaccurate, and, in some cases, require longer-term commitments. We may be also dependent upon
a limited number of highly specialized third-party suppliers for required components and materials for certain of our key technologies. Arranging
for replacement manufacturers and suppliers can be time consuming and costly, and the number of qualified alternative providers can be
extremely limited. Our business operations, productivity and customer relations could be materially adversely affected if these contractual
relationships were disrupted or terminated, the cost of such services increased significantly, the quality of the services provided deteriorated
or our forecasted needs proved to be materially incorrect. 

Natural disasters and other business disruptions
could cause significant harm to our business operations and facilities and could adversely affect our supply chain and our customer base,
any of which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operation, and financial condition. 

We expect that our manufacturing and other facilities,
as well as the operations of our third-party suppliers, are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by floods, hurricanes, earthquakes,
typhoons, and similar natural disasters, as well as power outages, telecommunications failures, industrial accidents, and similar events.
The occurrence of natural disasters in any of the regions in which we or our suppliers will operate could severely disrupt the operations
of our businesses by negatively impacting our supply chain, our ability to deliver products, and the cost of our products. Such events
can negatively impact revenue and earnings and can significantly impact cash flow, both from decreased revenue and from increased costs
associated with the event. In addition, these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease. We may in the future carry
insurance to generally compensate for losses of the type noted above, however, even if we obtain such insurance it may not be adequate
to cover all losses that may be incurred or continue to be available in the affected area at commercially reasonable rates and terms.
To the extent any losses from natural disasters or other business disruptions are not covered by insurance, any costs, write-downs, impairments
and decreased revenue can materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations and our financial condition. 

16 

We may be subject to litigation from time to
time during the normal course of business, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

From time to time in the normal course of business
or otherwise, we may become subject to litigation that may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may
negatively affect our operating results if changes to business operation are required. The cost to defend such litigation may be significant
and may require a diversion of our resources. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect
customer perception of our products and business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found
liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

There is no assurance on the future successful
completion of strategic transactions by us to successfully implement our business strategies. 

Our ability to complete future strategic transactions
could be important to the successful implementation of our business strategies, including our strategies to strengthen our geographic
diversity and broaden its customer base. Successful completion of an acquisition or other similar transaction depends on a number
of factors that are not entirely within our control, including our ability to negotiate acceptable terms, conclude satisfactory
agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. In seeking to acquire a target company, we may face competition from other
companies interested in acquiring the target company that have significantly greater financial and other resources than us. If we need
to finance a transaction, we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing on satisfactory terms and within the timeframe that would
permit the transaction to proceed. If any of these factors prevents us from completing one or more strategic transactions, we may not
be able to expand our business in the manner and on the schedule that we plan. In addition, we may incur significant costs arising from
our efforts to engage in strategic transactions. These costs may exceed the returns that we realize from a given transaction. Moreover,
these expenditures may not result in the successful completion of a transaction. 

Even if we complete one or more strategic transactions,
we may be unable to integrate successfully the personnel and operations of a new business or achieve the operational synergies or other
benefits that we had anticipated. Moreover, we might fail to discover liabilities of a business or operating or other problems prior
to completing a transaction. We could experience adverse accounting and financial consequences, such as the need to make large provisions
against the acquired assets or to write down acquired assets. We might also experience a dilutive effect on our earnings. Depending on
how any such transaction is structured, there may be an adverse impact on our capital structure. Further, an acquisition could disrupt
our ongoing business, distract management and employees or lead to increased expenses. 

Risks Related to the Semiconductor Industry 

The semiconductor
industry is highly competitive, and our inability to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business and results of
operations. 

The semiconductor industry
is highly competitive, and our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control. We will
face significant competition from major global semiconductor companies as well as smaller companies focused on specific market niches.
In addition, companies not currently in direct competition with us may introduce competing products in the future. 

Our inability to compete
effectively could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Products or technologies developed by competitors
that are larger and have more substantial research and development budgets, or that are smaller and more targeted in their development
efforts, may render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. We also may be unable to market and sell our products if
they are not competitive on the basis of price, quality, technical performance, features, system compatibility, customized
design, innovation, availability, delivery timing and reliability. If we fail to compete effectively on developing strategic relationships
with customers and customer sales and technical support, our sales and revenue may be materially adversely affected. Competitive pressures
may limit our ability to raise prices, and any inability to maintain revenue or raise prices to offset increases in costs could have
a significant adverse effect on our gross margin. Reduced sales and lower gross margins would materially adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

17 

The semiconductor
industry has experienced rapid consolidation and our inability to compete with large competitors or failure to identify attractive opportunities
to consolidate may materially adversely affect our business. 

The semiconductor industry
is characterized by the high costs associated with developing marketable products and manufacturing technologies as well as high
levels of investment in production capabilities. As a result, the semiconductor industry has experienced, and may continue to experience,
significant consolidation among companies and vertical integration among customers. Larger competitors resulting from consolidations
may have certain advantages over us, including, but not limited to: substantially greater financial and other resources with which to
withstand adverse economic or market conditions and pursue development, engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their
products; longer independent operating histories; presence in key markets; patent protection; and greater name recognition. In addition,
we may be at a competitive disadvantage to our peers if we fail to identify attractive opportunities to acquire companies to expand our
business. Consolidation among our competitors and integration among our customers could erode our market share, negatively impact our
capacity to compete and require us to restructure our operations, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Downturns or volatility in general economic
conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In recent years, worldwide semiconductor industry
sales have tracked the impact of the financial crisis, subsequent recovery and persistent economic uncertainty. We believe that the state
of economic conditions in the United States is particularly uncertain due to the global pandemic as well as recent and expected shifts
in legislative and regulatory conditions concerning, among other matters, international trade and taxation, and that an uneven recovery
or a renewed global downturn may put pressure on our sales due to reductions in customer demand as well as customers deferring purchases.
Volatile and/or uncertain economic conditions can adversely impact sales and profitability and make it difficult for us and our competitors
to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. To the extent we incorrectly plan for favorable economic conditions that
do not materialize or take longer to materialize than expected, we may face oversupply of our products relative to customer demand. Reduced
customer spending may in the future drive us and our competitors, to reduce product pricing, which will result in a negative effect on
gross profit. Moreover, volatility in revenue as a result of unpredictable economic conditions may alter our anticipated working
capital needs and interfere with our short-term and long-term strategies. To the extent that our sales, profitability and strategies
are negatively affected by downturns or volatility in general economic conditions, our business and results of operations may be materially
adversely affected. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical,
and significant downturns or upturns in customer demand can materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and,
as a result, is subject to significant downturns and upturns in customer demand for semiconductors and related products. We cannot accurately
predict the timing of future downturns and upturns in the semiconductor industry or how severe and prolonged these conditions might be.
Significant downturns often occur in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product cycles (for semiconductors and for the end-user products
in which they are used) or declines in general economic conditions and can result in reduced product demand, production overcapacity,
high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average selling prices, any of which could materially adversely affect our operating
results as a result of increased operating expenses outpacing decreased revenue, reduced margins, underutilization of our manufacturing
capacity and/or asset impairment charges. On the other hand, significant upturns can cause us to be unable to satisfy demand in a timely
and cost-efficient manner. In the event of such an upturn, we may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently
timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, or locate suitable third-party suppliers to respond effectively to changes
in demand for our existing products or to the demand for new products requested by our customers, and our business and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

18 

Rapid innovation and short product life cycles
in the semiconductor industry can result in price erosion of older products, which may materially adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid
innovation and short product life cycles, which often results in price erosion, especially with respect to products containing older
technology. Products are frequently replaced by more technologically advanced substitutes and, as demand for older technology falls,
the price at which such products can be sold drops, in some cases precipitously. In addition, our and our competitors excess inventory
levels can accelerate general price erosion. 

Shortages or increased prices of raw materials
could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our manufacturing processes will rely on many raw
materials. Generally, we expect that our agreements with suppliers of raw materials will impose no minimum or continuing supply obligations,
and we will obtain our raw materials and supplies from a large number of sources on a just-in-time basis. From time
to time, suppliers of raw materials may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors
beyond our control. Shortages could occur in various essential raw materials due to interruption of supply or increased demand. If we
are unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner, the costs of our raw materials increase significantly, their
quality deteriorates or they give rise to compatibility or performance issues in our products, our results of operations could
be materially adversely affected. 

Our facilities and processes may be interdependent
and an operational disruption at any particular facility could have a material adverse effect on our ability to produce our
products, which would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may utilize an integrated manufacturing platform
in which multiple facilities may each produce one or more components necessary for the assembly of a single product. If we do, an operational
disruption at a facility toward the front-end of our manufacturing process may have a disproportionate impact on our ability
to produce our products. For example, if our multiple facilities rely predominantly on one third-party for manufacturing at the front-end of
its manufacturing process, in the event of any operational disruption, natural or man-made disaster or other extraordinary
event at such third-party facility, we may be unable to effectively source replacement components on acceptable terms from qualified
third parties, in which case our ability to produce our products could be materially disrupted or delayed. 

Conversely, if our facilities are single source facilities
that only produce one of our end-products, a disruption at any such facility would materially delay or cease production of the related
product. In the event of any such operational disruption, we may experience difficulty in beginning production of replacement components
or products at new facilities (for example, due to construction delays) or transferring production to other existing facilities (for
example, due to capacity constraints or difficulty in transitioning to new manufacturing processes), any of which could result in a loss
of future revenues and materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

If we are unable to protect the intellectual
property we use, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

The enforceability of any patents, trademarks, copyrights,
software licenses and other intellectual property IP we own may be uncertain in certain circumstances. Effective IP protection
may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in the U.S. and internationally. The various laws and regulations governing registered
and unregistered IP assets, patents, trade secrets, trademarks, mask works and copyrights to protect products and technologies are subject
to legislative and regulatory change and interpretation by courts. With respect to our IP generally, we cannot assure you that: 

any of the U.S. or foreign patents and pending patent applications
 that we may employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, abandoned or licensed to others; 

any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued or
 have the coverage originally sought; 

any of the trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how or
 mask works that we employ or will employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, abandoned or
 licensed to others; or 

any of our pending or future trademark, copyright, or mask work applications
 will be issued or have the coverage originally sought. 

19 

If we seek to enforce our rights, we may be subject
to claims that the IP right is invalid, is otherwise not enforceable or is licensed to the party against whom we are asserting a claim.
In addition, our assertion of IP rights may result in the other party seeking to assert alleged IP rights of its own against us, which
may materially adversely impact our business. An unfavorable ruling in these sorts of matters could include money damages or an injunction
prohibiting us from manufacturing or selling one or more products, which could in turn negatively affect our business, results of operations
or cash flows. 

In addition, some of our products and technologies
may not be covered by any patents or pending patent applications. We intend to protect our proprietary technologies, including technologies
that may not be patented or patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, inventors rights agreements
with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we
will have adequate remedies for any breach or that persons or institutions will not assert rights to IP arising out of our research.
Should we be unable to protect our IP, competitors may develop products or technologies that duplicate our products or technologies,
benefit financially from innovations for which we bore the costs of development and undercut the sales and marketing of our products,
all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If our technologies are subject to claims of
infringement on the intellectual property rights of third parties, efforts to address such claims could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations. 

We may from time to time be subject to claims that
we may be infringing third-party IP rights. If necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses under such IP rights. However, we cannot
assure you that we will obtain such licenses or that the terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The failure to obtain
a license from a third-party for IP we use could cause us to incur substantial liabilities or to suspend the manufacture or shipment
of products or our use of processes requiring such technologies. Further, we may be subject to IP litigation, which could cause us to
incur significant expense, materially adversely affect sales of the challenged product or technologies and divert the efforts of our
technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is resolved in our favor. In the event of an adverse outcome
in any such litigation, we may be required to: 

pay substantial damages; 

indemnify customers or distributors; 

cease the manufacture, use, sale or importation of infringing products; 

expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing technologies; 

discontinue the use of processes; or 

obtain licenses, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to
 the infringing technologies. 

The outcome of IP litigation is inherently uncertain
and, if not resolved in our favor, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be unable to maintain manufacturing
efficiency, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We believe that our success will materially depend
on our ability to maintain or improve our margin levels related to manufacturing. Semiconductor manufacturing requires advanced equipment
and significant capital investment, leading to high fixed costs, which include depreciation expense. Manufacturing semiconductor components
also involves highly complex processes that we and our competitors are continuously modifying to improve yields and product performance.
In addition, impurities, waste or other difficulties in the manufacturing process can lower production yields. Our manufacturing efficiency
will be an important factor in our future profitability, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to manufacture efficiently, increase
manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors, or be successful in our manufacturing rationalization plans. If we are
unable to utilize manufacturing and testing facilities at expected levels, or if production capacity increases while revenue does not,
the fixed costs and other operating expenses associated with these facilities will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average
unit costs and lower gross profits, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

20 

The failure to successfully implement cost
reduction initiatives, including through restructuring activities, could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

From time to time, we may implement cost reduction
initiatives in response to significant downturns in our industry, including relocating manufacturing to lower cost regions, transitioning
higher-cost external supply to internal manufacturing, working with our material suppliers to lower costs, implementing personnel reductions
and voluntary retirement programs, reducing employee compensation, temporary shutdowns of facilities with mandatory vacation and aggressively
streamlining our overhead. 

We cannot assure you that any cost reduction initiatives
will be successfully or timely implemented or that they will materially and positively impact profitability. 

If we are unable to identify and make the substantial
research and development investments required to remain competitive in our business, our business, financial condition and results of
operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The semiconductor industry requires substantial investment
in research and development in order to develop and bring to market new and enhanced technologies and products. The development
of new products is a complex and time-consuming process and often requires significant capital investment and lead time for development
and testing. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources to maintain the level of investment in research and
development that is required to remain competitive. 

In addition, the lengthy development cycle for our
products will limit our ability to adapt quickly to changes affecting the product markets and requirements of our customers and end-users. There
can be no assurance that we will win competitive bid selection processes, known as design wins, for new products. In addition,
design wins do not guarantee that we will make customer sales or that we will generate sufficient revenue to recover design
and development investments, as expenditures for technology and product development are generally made before the commercial viability
for such developments can be assured. There is no assurance that we will realize a return on the capital expended to develop new products,
that a significant investment in new products will be profitable or that we will have margins as high as we anticipate at the time of
investment or have experienced historically. To the extent that we underinvest in our research and development efforts, or that our investments
and capital expenditures in research and development do not lead to sales of new products, we may be unable to bring to market technologies
and products that are attractive to our customers, and as a result our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
materially adversely affected. 

We may be unable to develop new products to
satisfy changing customer demands or regulatory requirements, which may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapidly
changing technologies, evolving regulatory and industry standards and certifications, changing customer needs and frequent new product
introductions. Our success will be largely dependent on our ability to accurately predict, identify and adapt to changes affecting the
requirements of our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner. Additionally, the emergence of new industry or regulatory standards
and certification requirements may adversely affect the demand for our products. We plan to focus our new product development efforts
on market segments and applications that we anticipate will experience growth, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful
in identifying high-growth areas or develop products that meet industry standards or certification requirements in a timely manner. A
fundamental shift in technologies, the regulatory climate or consumption patterns and preferences in our existing product markets or
the product markets of our customers or end-users could make our current products obsolete, prevent or delay the introduction
of new products that we planned to make or render our current or new products irrelevant to our customers needs. If our new product
development efforts fail to align with the needs of our customers, including due to circumstances outside of our control like a fundamental
shift in the product markets of our customers and end users or regulatory changes, our business and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

21 

Uncertainties regarding the timing and amount
of customer orders could lead to excess inventory and write-downs of inventory that could materially adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

We expect that our sales will be typically made pursuant
to individual purchase orders or customer agreements, and we do not expect to have long-term supply arrangements with our customers requiring
a commitment to purchase. We expect that the agreements with our customers may allow them to cancel orders prior to shipment for standard
products and, generally prior to start of production for custom products without incurring a penalty. We anticipate to routinely generate
inventory based on customers estimates of end-user demand for their products, which is difficult to predict. In times
of under supply for certain products, some customers could respond by inflating their demand signals. As markets level off
and supply capacity begins to match actual market demands, we could experience an increased risk of inventory write-downs, which may
materially adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. In addition, our customers may change their inventory
practices on short notice for any reason. Furthermore, short customer lead times are standard in the industry due to overcapacity. The
cancellation or deferral of product orders, the return of previously sold products, or overproduction of products due to the failure
of anticipated orders to materialize could result in excess obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of inventory or the
incurrence of significant cancellation penalties under our arrangements with our raw materials and equipment suppliers. Unsold inventory, canceled
orders and cancellation penalties may materially adversely affect our results of operations, and inventory write-downs, which may materially
adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our customers may require our products to undergo
a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of product sales. 

Prior to purchasing our products, our customers may
require that our products undergo an extensive qualification process, which involves testing of the products in the customer s
system as well as rigorous reliability testing. This qualification process may continue for a few months or longer. However, qualification
of a product by a customer does not ensure any sales of the product to that customer. Even after successful qualification and sales of
a product to a customer, a subsequent revision to the product or software, changes in the product s manufacturing process or the
selection of a new supplier by us may require a new qualification process, which may result in delays and in us holding excess or obsolete
inventory. After our products are qualified, it can take an additional few months or more
before the customer commences volume production of components or devices that incorporate our products. Despite these uncertainties,
we will devote substantial resources, including design, engineering, sales, marketing and management efforts, toward qualifying our products
with customers in anticipation of sales. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying any of our products with a customer, such failure
or delay would preclude or delay sales of such product to the customer, which may impede our growth and cause our business to suffer. 

Our products are based on novel Gallium
Nitride (GaN) processing technology, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product development. 

Our products are based on novel GaN processing technology.
Our future success depends on the successful development of high-voltage power switching components and systems based on GaN processing technology.
There can be no assurance that any development problems we experience in the future related to our products will not cause significant
delays or unanticipated costs, or that such development problems can be solved. We may also experience delays in developing a sustainable,
reproducible and manufacturing process, which may prevent us from commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at
all. 

Our potential future global operations may
subject us to risks inherent in doing business on a global level that could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

We anticipate that a certain amount of our total
revenue may be derived from countries outside of the United States, and we might maintain certain operations in these regions. In addition,
we may rely on a number of contract manufacturers whose operations are primarily located in outside of the United States. Risks
inherent in doing business on a global level include, among others, the following: 

economic
 and geopolitical instability (including as a result of the threat or occurrence of armed international conflict or terrorist
 attacks); 

changes
 in regulatory requirements, international trade agreements, tariffs, customs, duties and other trade barriers; 

licensing
 requirements for the import or export of certain products; 

22 

exposure
 to different legal standards, customs, business practices, tariffs, duties and other trade barriers, including changes with respect
 to price protection, competition practices, IP, anti-corruption and environmental compliance, trade and travel restrictions, pandemics,
 import and export license requirements and restrictions, and accounts receivable collections; 

transportation
 and other supply chain delays and disruptions; 

power supply
 shortages and shutdowns; 

difficulties
 in staffing and managing foreign operations, including collective bargaining agreements and workers councils, exposure to foreign
 labor laws and other employment and labor issues; 

currency
 fluctuations; 

currency
 convertibility and repatriation; 

taxation
 of our earnings and the earnings of our personnel; 

limitations
 on the repatriation of earnings and potential additional taxation of foreign profits in the U.S.; 

potential
 violations by our international employees or third-party agents of international or U.S. laws relevant to foreign operations (e.g.,
 the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA )); 

difficulty
 in enforcing intellectual property rights; 

other risks
 relating to the administration of or changes in, or new interpretations of, the laws, regulations and policies of the jurisdictions
 in which we conduct our business; and 

the effect
 that the global pandemic has on the countries in which we may contract to do business. 

We cannot assure you that we will be successful in
overcoming the risks that relate to or arise from operating in international markets, the materialization of any of which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in tariffs or other government trade
policies may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations, including by reducing demand for our products. 

The imposition of tariffs and trade restrictions as
a result of international trade disputes or changes in trade policies may adversely affect our sales and profitability. For example, the
U.S. government imposed, among other actions, new or higher tariffs on specified imported products originating from China in response
to what it characterizes as unfair trade practices, and China has responded by imposing and proposing new or higher tariffs on specified
products including some semiconductors fabricated in the United States. There can be no assurance that a broader trade agreement will
be successfully negotiated between the United States and China to reduce or eliminate these tariffs. These tariffs, and the related geopolitical
uncertainty between the United States and China, may cause decreased end-market demand for our products from distributors and
other customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, certain of our future
foreign customers may respond to the imposition of tariffs or threat of tariffs on products we produce by delaying purchase orders, purchasing
products from our competitors or developing their own products. Ongoing international trade disputes and changes in trade policies could
also impact economic activity and lead to a general contraction of customer demand. In addition, tariffs on components that we may import
from China or other nations that have imposed, or may in the future impose, tariffs will adversely affect our profitability unless we
are able to exclude such components from the tariffs or we raise prices for our products, which may result in our products becoming less
attractive relative to products offered by our competitors. Future actions or escalations by either the United States or China that affect
trade relations may also impact our business, or that of our suppliers or customers, and we cannot provide any assurances as to whether
such actions will occur or the form that they may take. To the extent that our sales or profitability are negatively affected by any
such tariffs or other trade actions, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Changes in government trade policies could
limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

The U.S. Congress or U.S. regulatory authorities
may take administrative, legislative or regulatory action that could materially interfere with our ability to make sales, particularly
in China. We could experience unanticipated restrictions on our ability to sell to certain foreign customers where sales of products
and the provision of services may require export licenses or are prohibited by government action. For example, the U.S. Department of
Commerce could ban the export of U.S. products to foreign customers. The terms and duration of any such restrictions may not be known
to us in advance and may be subject to ongoing modifications. Even to the extent such restrictions are subsequently lifted, any financial
or other penalties imposed on affected foreign customers could have a negative impact on future orders. Such foreign customers may also
respond to sanctions or the threat of sanctions by developing their own solutions or adopting alternative solutions or competitors 
solutions. The loss or temporary loss of customers as a result of such future regulatory limitations could materially adversely
affect our sales, business and results of operations. 

23 

Environmental and health and safety liabilities
and expenditures could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our future manufacturing operations may be subject
to various environmental laws and regulations relating to the management, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and the emission
and discharge of pollutants into the air, water and ground, and we may be identified as either a primary responsible party or a potentially
responsible party at sites where we or our predecessors operated or disposed of waste in the past. Our operations may also be subject
to laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health, which, among other requirements, regulate employee exposure to
hazardous substances. We do not currently maintain environmental insurance to cover certain claims related to historical contamination
and future releases of hazardous substances. Moreover, we cannot assure you that even if such insurance is purchased, that it will cover
any or all of our material environmental costs. In addition, the nature of our future operations may expose us to the continuing
risk of environmental and health and safety liabilities including: 

changes in U.S. and international
 environmental or health and safety laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, future laws or regulations imposed in response
 to climate change concerns; 

the manner in which environmental
 or health and safety laws or regulations will be enforced, administered or interpreted; 

our ability to enforce
 and collect under indemnity agreements and insurance policies relating to environmental liabilities; 

the cost of compliance
 with future environmental or health and safety laws or regulations or the costs associated with any future environmental claims,
 including the cost of clean-up of currently unknown environmental conditions; or 

the cost of fines, penalties
 or other legal liability, should we fail to comply with environmental or health and safety laws or regulations. 

To the extent that we face unforeseen environmental
or health and safety compliance costs or remediation expenses or liabilities that are not covered by insurance, we may bear the full
effect of such costs, expense and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be subject to disruptions or breaches
of our secured network that could irreparably damage our reputation and our business, expose us to liability and materially adversely
affect our results of operations. 

We may routinely collect and store sensitive data,
including IP and other proprietary information about our business and our customers, suppliers and business partners. The secure processing,
maintenance and transmission of this information will be critical to our operations and business strategy. We may be subject to disruptions
or breaches of our secured network caused by computer viruses, illegal hacking, criminal fraud or impersonation, acts of vandalism or
terrorism or employee error. Our security measures and/or those of our third-party service providers and/or customers may not detect
or prevent such security breaches. The costs to us to reduce the risk of or alleviate cyber security breaches and vulnerabilities could
be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions and delays that may
materially impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Any such compromise of our information security
could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized publication of our confidential business or proprietary information or that of other
parties with which we do business, an interruption in our operations, the unauthorized transfer of cash or other of our assets, the unauthorized
release of customer or employee data or a violation of privacy or other laws. In addition, computer programmers and hackers also may
be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our systems, or that otherwise exploit
any security vulnerabilities, and any such attack, if successful, could expose us to liability to customer claims. Any of the foregoing
could irreparably damage our reputation and business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

24 

Sales through distributors and other third
parties will expose us to risks that, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We may sell a significant portion of our products
through distributors. Distributors may sell products that compete with our products, and we may need to provide financial and other incentives
to focus distributors on the sale of our products. We may rely on one or more key distributors for a product, and the loss of these distributors
could reduce our revenue. Distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts
receivable and financial results. Violations of the FCPA or similar laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could have
a material impact on our business. Failure to manage risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and
weaken our competitive position, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The failure to comply with the terms and conditions
of our contracts could result in, among other things, damages, fines or other liabilities. 

We expect to have a diverse customer base consisting
of both private sector clients and public sector clients, including the U.S. government. Sales to our private sector clients are generally
expected to be based on stated contractual terms, the terms and conditions on our website or terms contained in purchase orders on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
Sales to our public sector clients are generally expected to be derived from sales to federal, state and local governmental departments
and agencies through various contracts and programs, which may require compliance with regulations covering many areas of our operations,
including, but not limited to, accounting practices, IP rights, information handling, and security. Noncompliance with contract terms,
particularly with respect to highly-regulated public sector clients, or with government procurement regulations could result in fines
or penalties against us, termination of such contracts or civil, criminal and administrative liability to the Company. With respect to
public sector clients, the government s remedies may also include suspension or debarment from future government business. The
effect of any of these possible actions or the adoption of new or modified procurement regulations or practices could materially adversely
affect our business, financial position and results of operations 

Ongoing concerns with US competitiveness in
semiconductors 

During the past few decades, it has been determined
that the US has lost its leadership against other countries, specifically China, regarding competitiveness in semiconductor technology
and manufacturing. In 2022, the US government passed the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) Sciences
Act to provide 52.7 billion of funding to US based semiconductor companies. The segment that the Company serves is subject to competitors
from China. Further, China has shown that once a technology is successful, they pursue alternative and lower-cost approaches. The Company
plans to pursue CHIPS Sciences Act funding to assist in establishing and maintaining leadership in vertical GaN. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

An investment in our company should be considered
illiquid. 

An investment in the Company requires a long-term
commitment, with no certainty of return. Because we did not become an SEC reporting company by the traditional means of conducting an
initial public offering of our Common Stock, we may be unable to establish a liquid market for our Common Stock. Moreover, we do not
expect security analysts of brokerage firms to provide coverage of the Company in the near future. In addition, investment banks may
be less likely to agree to underwrite primary or secondary offerings on behalf of the Company or its stockholders in the future than
they would if we were to become a public reporting company by means of an initial public offering of common stock. If all or any of the
foregoing risks occur, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Our common stock is not listed on
a national securities exchange which may affect the price and liquidity of our common stock and impair our ability
to obtain future equity financing. 

Our Common Stock is presently quoted on the OTCQB
Venture Market (the OTCQB and there is currently limited trading activity of our common stock. The OTCQB is not a national
securities exchange, and provides significantly less liquidity than a national exchange such as NASDAQ and the NYSE American (formerly
NYSE MKT, formerly NYSE AMEX). Consequently, selling our common stock is likely to be more difficult because of diminished quantities
of shares of our Common Stock being bought and sold. These factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid
and ask prices for the Shares. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their Shares at such times and in such quantities as they
may desire. 

There is no guarantee that our Common Stock will
qualify to be listed on a national exchange in the future. The inability to list our Common Stock on a national security exchange may
impair our ability to raise additional necessary capital in such amounts, at such times and at such prices as we may require. 

25 

Our Common Stock may be considered a penny
stock, and thereby be subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may make it more difficult to sell. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity
securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for
quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in
such securities is provided by the exchange or system). The OTCQB does not meet such requirements and if the price of our Common Stock
is less than 5.00, our Common Stock will be deemed penny stocks. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules,
a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
(i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our Common Stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty
selling their shares. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also
limit an investor s ability to buy and sell our Common Stock, which could depress the price of our Common Stock. 

FINRA rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable
grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our
Common Stock, which may limit an investor s ability to buy and sell shares of Common Stock, have an adverse effect on the market
for our Common Stock, and thereby depress the price of our Common Stock. In addition, it has been more difficult in recent years for
holders of penny stocks to deposit their shares with brokerage firms, which may limit any shareholder s ability to
sell shares of our Common Stock. 

The shares of our Common Stock may experience
dilution by exercises of outstanding warrants and options. 

As of the date hereof, we have outstanding warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 155,966 shares of our Common Stock at a price of 1.50 per share, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 89,730
shares of our Common Stock at a price of 4.00 per share, and outstanding options granted under our 2019 Equity Compensation Plan
to purchase 2,098,246 shares of Common Stock. In addition, there are 2,098,246 shares available to be issued in the future under
the Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Compensation Plan. In 2022, two convertible promissory notes were issued by the Company. The number
of shared expected at conversion of the notes will depend on the stock price at the time of conversion, which will have a significant
dilutive impact on the Company. Assuming the conversion of the notes occurred on December 31, 2022, the number of shares into which such
notes were convertible into is estimated at 3,044,259 shares, which would be approximately 19.3 of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares as of such date. The exercise or conversion of outstanding options, warrants and other convertible securities, as well as any
future issuance of other warrants, options and convertible securities, will result in substantial dilution of the investment of our shareholders.
In addition, our shareholders may experience additional dilution if we issue Common Stock in the future for additional capital raises.
Any of such dilution may have adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. 

There are a significant number of shares of
Common Stock eligible for sale, which could depress the market price of such shares. 

We previously filed a registration statement on Form
S-1 (Registration No. 333-234741), registering the resale of a total of 1,794,977 shares of Common Stock, and a registration statement
on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-257178), registering the resale of a total of 1,341,355 shares of Common Stock. The availability of
such a large number of shares of Common Stock for sale in the public market could harm the market price of the stock. Further,
other shares may be offered from time to time in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, and these sales may have a depressive effect as
well. 

26 

We are an emerging growth company, 
and will be able take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could
make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging
growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in
our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, as an emerging growth company, 
we have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which will
allow us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies
until those standards apply to private companies. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply
with all public company accounting standards which could impact the valuation of our securities. 

We could be an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07
billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which
would occur if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of
our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt during the preceding three year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive if we choose to
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future
disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We will incur significantly increased costs
and devote substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company particularly after we are no longer an
 emerging growth company. 

As a public company, we will incur significant legal,
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we will be required to comply with certain of
the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as rules and regulations
subsequently implemented by the SEC, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes
in corporate governance practices. We expect that compliance with these requirements will increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. In addition, we expect that our management and other personnel will
need to divert attention from operational and other business matters to devote substantial time to these public company requirements. In
particular, we expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are just beginning the process of compiling the system and processing documentation
needed to comply with such requirements. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely
fashion. In that regard, we currently do not have an internal audit function, and we will need to hire additional accounting and
financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. 

However, for as long as we remain an emerging
growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We intend
to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

After we are no longer an emerging growth
company, we expect to incur additional management time and cost to comply with the more stringent reporting requirements applicable
to companies that are deemed accelerated filers or large accelerated filers, including complying with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur as a result of becoming a public company or the timing of such costs. 

27 

Our officers and directors have significant
control over shareholder matters. 

Our officers and directors own (or can own subject
to exercise within a 60-day period from the date hereof) approximately 58.64 of the Company s
outstanding Common Stock, and thus collectively have significant control over shareholder matters, such as election of directors,
amendments to our Articles of Incorporation, and approval of significant corporate transactions. As a result, the Company s minority
shareholders may have little or no effective control over our affairs. 

We do not currently intend to pay dividends
on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation
in the price of our Common Stock. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on
our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently,
investors must rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains
on their investments. There is no guarantee that shares of our Common Stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price
at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

Upon dissolution of the Company, you may not
recoup all or any portion of your investment. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
of our company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the proceeds and/or assets of the Company remaining after giving effect to such transaction,
and the payment of all of our debts and liabilities will be distributed to the stockholders of Common Stock on a pro rata basis.
There can be no assurance that we will have available assets to pay to the holders of Common Stock, or any amounts, upon such a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of our Company. In this event, you could lose some or all of your investment. 

If securities industry analysts do not publish
research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market trading volume of our securities could
be negatively affected. 

Any trading market for our Common Stock may be influenced
in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about us. We do not currently have and may never obtain research
coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts commence coverage of us, the market price and market trading
volume of our securities could be negatively affected. In the event we are covered by analysts, and one or more of such analysts downgrade
our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues coverage of us, the market price and market trading volume of
our securities could be negatively affected. 

We are authorized to issue blank check 
preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely impact the rights of holders of our securities. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. Any preferred stock that we issue in the future may rank ahead of our securities
in terms of dividend priority or liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights than our securities. In addition, such preferred
stock may contain provisions allowing those shares to be converted into shares of Common Stock, which could dilute the value of our securities
to current stockholders and could adversely affect the market price, if any, of our securities. In addition, the preferred stock could
be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. Although
we have no present intention to issue any shares of authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that we will not do so in the
future. 

28 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal offices are located
at 9 Brown Road, Ithaca, NY 14850. As of December 31, 2022, we leased one (1) 10,000 sq. ft. facility in the State of New York
for our operations. Our lease expires on November 30, 2025. The Company has arranged for a 100,000 letter of credit in favor of
the landlord in lieu of a security deposit, which is included as restricted cash on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The minimum lease payments for the years ending December 31 are approximately as follows: 200,000 each
in 2023 and 2024, and 183,000 in 2025. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no outstanding lawsuits or judgments against
the Company or any consent decrees or injunctions to which the Company is subject or by which any of its assets are bound and there are
no claims, proceedings, actions or lawsuits in existence, or to our knowledge threatened or asserted, against the Company or with respect
to any of its assets that would materially and adversely affect the business, property or financial condition of the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET INFORMATION 

We received approval from the OTCQB Market to trade
our Common Stock under the ticker symbol of ODII as of August 27, 2020. There is currently limited trading volume for our
Common Stock. 

Future sales of substantial amounts of our shares
in the public market could adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time and could impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of our equity securities. 

HOLDERS 

As of the date hereof, there are 72 record holders
of our Common Stock. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our Common
Stock. We anticipate that we will retain funds and future earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of
our business. Therefore, we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends
will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements
and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. In addition, the terms of any future debt or credit financings may preclude
us from paying dividends. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

During the past two fiscal years, the Company made
sales of the following unregistered securities: 

30 

2022 Private Placement 

On August 8, 2022 and December 23, 2022, the Company
issued secured convertible promissory notes in the amounts of 1,250,000 and 2,350,000, respectively (the Promissory Notes ),
to the Nina and John Edmunds 1998 Family Trust dated January 27, 1998 (the Edmunds Trust ), of which the Company s
Chairman, John Edmunds, is the trustee. The two Promissory Notes were issued as part of the same private placement. 

March 2021 Private Placement 

On March 30, 2021, the Company
sold a total of 1,251,625 shares of Common Stock in a private placement (the March 2021 Private Placement ), at a price
of 4.00 per share. The Company raised a total of 5,006,500 from 48 accredited investors. The Company paid the placement agent a cash
fee of 407,445 and warrants to purchase 89,730 shares of Common Stock of the Company with a term of 5 years and an exercise price of
 4.00 per share. 

Grants Under the 2019 Plan 

On June 2, 2021, the Company granted 5-year options
to purchase an aggregate of 168,000 shares of Common Stock at 3.93 per share to eight employees under the 2019 Plan. On the same day,
the Company granted 10-year options to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 3.93 per share to each of Richard Ogawa
and Michael Thompson, non-employee directors of the Company. 

On June 7, 2021, Khurram Khan Afridi was appointed
as an Advisory Board Member of the Company. In connection with such appointment, Mr. Afridi was granted 10-year options to purchase 50,000
shares of Common Stock at a price of 3.55 per share. 

On June 22, 2021, John Edmunds was appointed Director
of the Company and later was appointed Chairman of the Board on September 13, 2021. In connection with Mr. Edmunds s appointment
as a Director and Chairman of Audit Committee of the Company, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Edmunds (i) a one-time grant on June 22,
2021 of non-qualified stock options under the Company 2019 Equity Compensation Plan to purchase 70,246 shares of Common Stock of the
Company at 2.90 per share; and (ii) an annual grant of non-qualified stock options under the 2019 Plan to purchase a number of shares
of Common Stock of the Company that have a value of 60,000, calculated using the fair market value of Common Stock of the Company as
determined by the Board as of the date of grant, with an exercise price equal to the closing bid price of Common Stock of the Company
as of the date of grant; provided that Mr. Edmunds shall have served on the Board for at least six months prior to the date of grant. 

On December 30, 2021, the board of directors approved
the following grants under the 2019 Plan: (i) 10-year non-qualified stock options to purchase 20,000 shares of Common Stock at a price
of 1.77 per share to each of John Edmunds, Richard Ogawa and Michael Thompson, non-employee directors of the Company; (ii) 10-year non-qualified
stock options to purchase 20,000 shares and 35,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 1.77 per share to John Edmunds (for providing
service to the Company as Chairman of the Board) and Richard Ogawa, respectively; (iii) 5-year options to purchase 100,000 shares and
80,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 1.77 per share to Richard Brown and James Shealy, respectively; and (iv) 5-year options
to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of Common Stock at 1.77 per share to eight employees. 

On February
9, 2022, subject to the shareholders approval, the Board of Directors approved that the aggregate number of shares authorized
for issuance as awards under the 2019 Plan shall be 4,600,000 shares plus an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year for
the rest of the term of the Plan in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
on the last day of the immediately preceding year or (iii) an amount determined by the Board of Directors. 

On April 26, 2022, the Company
granted to Mr. Davidson an option to purchase 650,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 1.66 per share. The option will
vest at the rate of 25 per year on the anniversary date from the first day of his employment starting from April 1, 2023. The option
will be subject to acceleration in vesting in connection with the occurrence of a change of control event during the term of Mr. Davidson s
employment. 

On November 4, 2022 the Company granted to Ms. Krauss
and option to purchase 75,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.85 per share. The option will vest over a period of four
years in equal annual installments from November 2023. 

31 

Securities Act Exemptions 

We deemed all of the above offers, sales
and issuances of our securities (except described under Grants Under the 2019 Plan to be exempt from registration under
the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including Regulation D and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder,
relative to transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. All purchasers of securities in transactions exempt from registration
pursuant to Regulation D represented to us that they were accredited investors and were acquiring the shares for investment purposes
only and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof and that they could bear the risks of the investment
and could hold the securities for an indefinite period of time. The purchasers received written disclosures that the securities
had not been registered under the Securities Act and that any resale must be made pursuant to a registration statement or an available
exemption from such registration. 

We deemed the grants of stock options prior to February
14, 2020 (starting from such date the Company became subject to Exchange Act reporting requirements) described above under Grants
Under the 2019 Plan and issuances of Common Stock upon exercise of such options to be exempt from registration under the Securities
Act in reliance on Rule 701 of the Securities Act. The Rule 701 exemption is not available to Exchange Act reporting companies.
In general, the Company is eligible to rely on the Rule 701 exemption to offer and sell securities to any of its employees, directors,
officers, consultants or advisors in connection with a written compensatory benefit plan or other written agreement in compliance with
Rule 701 under the Securities Act before it became subject to Exchange Act reporting requirements. Subject to any applicable lock-up
agreements, beginning 90 days after we become subject to the public company reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, under Rule 701
our affiliates may resell shares in reliance on Rule 144 without having to comply with the holding period requirement thereunder, and
non-affiliates of the Company can resell shares in reliance on Rule 144 without having to comply with Rule 144 s current public
information and holding period requirements thereunder. 

All certificates representing the securities issued
in the transactions described in this Item 5 included appropriate legends setting forth that the securities had not been offered
or sold pursuant to a registration statement and describing the applicable restrictions on transfer of the securities. There were no
underwriters employed in connection with any of the transactions set forth in this Item 5. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the related
notes and the other financial information included elsewhere in this report, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2022. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Forward looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial
results or other developments. Forward looking statements, particularly those identified with the words, anticipates, 
 believes, expects, plans, intends, objectives, and similar expressions,
are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to
change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward looking statements,
except as required by law. Dollars in tabular format are presented in thousands, except per share data, or otherwise indicated. When
used herein, unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, we, our and
 us refer to Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, collectively with its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Odyssey Semiconductor, Inc, a Delaware corporation. 

32 

OVERVIEW 

Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies,
Inc. (the Company was formed as a Delaware corporation on April 12, 2019. The Company acquired its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Odyssey Semiconductor, Inc., a Delaware corporation Odyssey Semiconductor ), on June 21, 2019. 

We are a semiconductor device
company developing revolutionary high-voltage power switching components and systems based on proprietary Gallium Nitride (GaN) processing
technology. The premium power switching device market, which is described as applications where silicon-based (Si) systems perform insufficiently,
is projected to reach over 5 billion by 2029 and is currently dominated by the semiconductor material silicon carbide (SiC). GaN-based
systems outperform Si and SiC based systems in every way due to the superior material properties of GaN. However, GaN devices have, to-date,
proven difficult to process using standard semiconductor processing methods that are used to create Si and SiC based devices. We have
developed a novel processing modification that allows GaN to be processed in a manner that for the first time, makes high voltage GaN
power switching devices viably manufacturable. Our mission is to disrupt the rapidly growing premium power switching device market using
our newly developed GaN high voltage power transistor for switching applications. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

On August 8, 2022 and December
23, 2022, the Company issued secured convertible promissory notes in the amounts of 1,250,000 and 2,350,000, respectively (the Promissory
Notes ), to the Nina and John Edmunds 1998 Family Trust dated January 27, 1998 (the Edmunds Trust ), of which the
Company s Chairman, John Edmunds, is the trustee. The two Promissory Notes were issued as part of the same private placement. 

COMPONENTS OF OUR RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Revenues 

Our revenues are derived
from contracts with customers that require us to design, develop, manufacture, test and integrate complex equipment and to provide engineering
and technical services according to customer specifications. These contracts are often priced on a time and material type basis. Revenues
on time and material type contracts are generally recognized in each period based on the amount billable to the customer which is based
on direct labor hours expended multiplied by the contractual fixed rate per hour, plus the actual costs of materials and other direct
non-labor costs. We bill customers based upon contractual terms, and accordingly, we have deferred revenues and contract assets depending
upon whether we can bill in advance of earnings or in arrears, respectively. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues consist
of material, labor, a portion of occupancy expenses, and other expenses directly related to our revenue contracts. 

Research and Development 

Research and development
includes expenses, primarily material, labor, a portion of occupancy expenses, and other expenses incurred in connection with the research
and development of certain exploratory projects. Research and development expenses are expensed as they are incurred. 

33 

Selling, General, and
Administrative 

Selling, general, and administrative
expenses consist of salaries, payroll taxes and other benefits, legal and professional fees, stock- based compensation, rent and office
expenses, marketing and travel and other costs associated with our operation. 

Other Income 

Other income (expense) consists
primarily of interest income on cash balances, forgiveness of PPP loan and other miscellaneous items. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared with year ended December 31, 2021 

Overview 

The following table presents
certain information from the condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

For
 The Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Difference
 
 Difference

Revenues 
 321,049 
 748,948 
 (427,899 
 -57 

Cost
 of Revenues 
 228,499 
 832,205 
 (603,706 
 -73 

Gross
 Profit (Loss) 
 92,550 
 (83,257 
 175,807 
 -211 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Research
 and development 
 2,085,815 
 1,519,631 
 566,184 
 37 
 
 Fixed
 Asset Deposit - Reserve 
 153,126 
 
 153,126 
 100 
 
 Selling,
 general, and administrative 
 2,670,523 
 1,954,962 
 715,561 
 37 

Total
 Operating Expenses 
 4,909,464 
 3,474,593 
 1,434,871 
 41 

Loss
 From Operations 
 (4,816,914 
 (3,557,850 
 (1,259,064 
 35 

Other
 Income (Expense): 

Forgiveness
 of PPP loan and other income 
 26,798 
 432,357 
 (405,559 
 -94 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 (61,496 
 (16,260 
 (45,236 
 278 
 
 Change
 in Fair Value of Bridge Notes 
 (842,000 
 
 (842,000 
 100 

Net
 Loss 
 (5,693,612 
 (3,141,753 
 (2,551,859 
 81 

Revenues 

Revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 321,000 and 749,000, respectively, which represented a decrease of 428,000, or 57 .
The timing of revenue recognition is driven by the completion of specified deliverables and the billing of time and materials over periods
of time. Accordingly, the recognition of revenue for these contracts will vary from time to time. During the year ended December 31,
2022, we recognized substantially all of our revenue under two customer contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized
substantially all of our revenue under six customer contracts, including two government contracts (collectively comprising 56 of our
total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 in the aggregate). 

34 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 228,000 and 832,000, respectively, which represented a decrease of 604,000,
or 73 . The base salary, facility and equipment usage fees to operate the fabrication facility during the 2022 and 2021 periods are allocated
between research and development and cost of revenues based upon the specific projects worked on during the period. The cost of revenues
 decrease is primarily offset by an increase in R D, therefore operating costs remained consistent from one year to the next.

Research and Development 

Research and development
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 2,086,000 and 1,520,000, respectively, which represented
an increase of 566,000, or 37 . The increase was primarily attributable to an overall increase in our focus on research and development
activities, and the shift of costs from cost of revenues. Year over year, the cost of research and development combined with cost of
revenues decreased 38,000, or 2 . Wafers purchased and expensed in 2021 were used in 2022 for a cost savings of 166,000. This
was offset by a 22,000 increase in gases and allocating 106,000 in stock based compensation from General and Administrative to Research
and Development. 

Fixed Asset Deposit Reserve 

In September 2022, the Company
reserved for the fixed asset deposit of 153,000 made in December 2021. This deposit does not appear to be recoverable. 

General and Administrative 

Selling, general, and administrative
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 2,671,000 and 1,955,000, respectively, which represented
an increase of 716,000, or 37 . The increase was driven by increased wage and bonus expense of 411,000, stock offering costs of 245,000,
consulting expenses of 244,000 and corporate D O insurance of 101,000, offset by a decrease in stock based compensation of 261,000. 

Other Income and Expense 

Other income for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of 27,000 resulted from the sale of miscellaneous tools. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes
the forgiveness of our PPP loans of 404,000, and the sale of miscellaneous tools of 28,000. 

Interest expense for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 61,000 and 16,000, respectively, which represented an increase of 45,000,
or 278 . The increase was driven by accruing interest expense on the convertible bridge loans received in 2022. 

In 2022, the Company recognized
two debt instruments at fair market value resulting in a net loss of 842,000. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 5,694,000 and 3,142,000, respectively, which represented a decrease of (2,552,000), or
54 . The decrease was primarily attributable to the increases in operating costs 1,435,000, the fair market value adjustments of the
two bridge loans of (842,000) and a decrease in revenue of (428,000). 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES 

Liquidity 

We measure our liquidity
in a number of ways, including the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash 
 2,428,289 
 
 Working Capital 
 2,039,931 

35 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had cash and working capital of 2,428,289 and 2,039,931, respectively. We were awarded a grant from the Empire State Development
Grant Funds through the Southern Tier REDC in the amount of 650,000 in 2022. Funding of the grant is dependent on the Company maintaining
capital expenditure and headcount metrics specified in the grant award. Conditions outlined for receipt of grant funds have not yet been
fulfilled. 

The Company believes its
current cash on hand will not be sufficient to meet its operating obligations and capital requirements for the next twelve months from
the issuance of these financial statements. Therefore, the Company will need to raise further capital through the sale of additional equity
or debt securities or other debt instruments to support its future operations. The Company has engaged an investment bank to assist with
the fund raise; however there can be no assurance that a financing can be completed on terms acceptable to the Company. The Company has
taken preliminary steps to file a registration statement on Form S-1 in February 2022 with the SEC for a proposed public offering and
a listing application with Nasdaq, but there is no assurance that the offering and the listing application will be successful. 

The Company s operating
needs include the planned costs to operate its business, including amounts required to fund working capital and capital expenditures.
The Company s future capital requirements and the adequacy of its available funds will depend on many factors, including the Company s
ability to successfully commercialize its products and services, competing technological and market developments, and the need to enter
into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies to enhance or complement its product and service
offerings. There is also no assurance that the amount of funds the Company might raise will enable the Company to complete its development
initiatives or attain profitable operations. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing on a timely basis, it may have to
curtail its development, marketing and promotional activities, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition and results of operations, and ultimately, the Company could be forced to discontinue its operations and liquidate. 

Our sources and uses
of cash were as follows: 

Net cash (used in)
provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately (3,419,000) and (2,457,000),
respectively. Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 includes cash used to fund a net loss of
approximately 4,852,000, reduced by 1,212,000 of non-cash expenses and 244,000 of net cash provided by changes in the levels of
operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in operating
activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 includes cash used to fund a net loss of approximately 3,142,000, reduced by 922,000
of non-cash expenses, and increased by 237,000 of net cash provided by changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in investing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately (268,000) and (33,000), respectively. Net cash used in
investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were primarily attributable to the purchase property
and equipment, and leasehold improvements in the laboratory. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 3,518,000 and 4,815,000 respectively. Net cash used in
financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributable to 3,600,000 received from convertible bridge loans, less
principle payments made against debt. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable
to expenditures to the private placement of our common stock which yielded approximately 4.6 million in net proceeds, and the proceeds
from the PPP2 loan of 194,000 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 68,000. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K) that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material
effect on our financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

36 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
AND ESTIMATES 

Our consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation
of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current economic and industry
conditions and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. This forms the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that full consideration has been given to all relevant circumstances
that we may be subject to, and the consolidated financial statements accurately reflect our best estimate of the results of operations,
financial position and cash flows for the periods presented. 

On an ongoing basis, we
evaluate our estimates and judgments for all assets and liabilities, including those related to stock-based compensation expense and
the timing of revenue and related cost recognition. The amount of stock based compensation has been a significant expense over the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The assumptions that go into the Black-Scholes calculation are the major driver of the calculation
of the fair value of the stock options at the date of grant. The major assumption of volatility is based upon historical data, and the
majority of the other assumptions used in the Black Scholes computation is based upon the terms of the specific stock option grant. 

The
related party convertible promissory notes were values using the Probability-Weighted
Expected Returns Method (PWERM), which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Revenues and cost of sales
are important metrics in demonstrating the completion of projects and shipment of products to customers, and the profitability of such
revenues. The timing of the Company s revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by its customers. A receivable
is recorded when revenue is recognized prior to payment and the Company has an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment
precedes the provision of the related services, the Company records deferred revenue until the performance obligations are satisfied.
Contract assets are comprised of unbilled contract receivables related to revenues earned but not yet invoiced to customers. 

We review the status of
each project at each period end and determine whether the earnings process is complete and the revenue and costs of sales should be recognized. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS 

Our recently issued accounting
standards are included in Note 2 of our financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

37 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Consolidated Financial Statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes
 in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet s of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Change in Accounting Principle 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of the guidance in ASC Topic 842, Leases (Topic
842), effective January 1, 2022. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2019. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

ODYSSEY
SEMICONDUCTOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred expenses 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Restricted cash 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating ROU Asset 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Loan payable - short term 

Lease Liability short term portion 

Deferred revenue 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Lease Liability 

Loans payable - long term 

Convertible Bridge Loans (Net) 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See notes to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3 

. 

 ODYSSEY SEMICONDUCTOR
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The Years
 Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Gross
 Profit (Loss) 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Research
 and development 

Fixed
 Asset Deposit Reserve 

Selling,
 general, and administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss
 From Operations 

Other
 Income: 

Forgiveness
 of PPP loan and other income 

Interest
 expense 

Change in Fair Value Bridge Notes 

Net
 Loss 

Net (Loss) Income
 Per Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average
 Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

ODYSSEY SEMICONDUCTOR
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

Stock based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Sale of shares of common stock 

Issuance Costs 

Net loss for the year ended 2021 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Stock
 based compensation 

Net
 loss for the year ended 2022 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

See notes to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

ODYSSEY SEMICONDUCTOR
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Years
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Forgiveness
 of PPP loan 

Fair
 Value Adjustment of Bridge Notes 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Contract
 assets 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Reserve
 for fixed asset deposit 

Deferred
 expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total
 Adjustments 

Net
 Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows Used In Investing Activities: 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Net
 Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of common stock, net of costs 

Proceeds
 from Convertible Bridge loan 

Proceeds
 from government loans 

Repayment
 of government loans 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

Net
 Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net
 (Decrease) Increase In Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash
 and Restricted Cash - Beginning Of Year 

Cash
 and Restricted Cash - End Of Year 

Cash
 and Restricted Cash Consisted of the Following: 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash 

Cash
 and Restricted Cash 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income
 taxes 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Operating
 Lease ROU Asset and Liability 

See notes to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

ODYSSEY
SEMICONDUCTOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, and , respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated a net loss of approximately . 

The Company believes its current cash on hand will not be sufficient to meet
its operating obligations and capital requirements for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise further
capital through the sale of additional equity or debt securities or other debt instruments to support its future operations. The Company
has engaged an investment bank to assist with the fund raise, however there can be no assurance that a financing can be completed on terms
acceptable to the Company. The Company has also taken preliminary steps to file a registration statement on Form S-1 with the SEC for
a proposed public offering and a listing application with Nasdaq, but there is no assurance that the offering and the listing application
will be successful. 

The Company requires funding
for operating needs and capital expenditures. The Company s future capital requirements and the adequacy of its available funds
will depend on many factors, including the Company s ability to successfully commercialize its products and services, competing
technological and market developments, and the need to enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies
to enhance or complement its product and service offerings. There is also no assurance that the amount of funds the Company might raise
will enable the Company to complete its development initiatives or attain profitable operations. If the Company is unable to obtain additional
financing on a timely basis, it may have to curtail its development, marketing and promotional activities. Reduction in these efforts
would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, and ultimately,
the Company could be forced to discontinue its operations and liquidate. 

cash equivalents. The Company has cash on deposits in one financial
institution which, at times, may be in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. The Company
has not experienced losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of its financial institutions. The Company
reduces its credit risk by placing its cash and cash equivalents with major financial institutions. 

deferred expenses. As of
December 31, 2021, deferred expenses were approximately . 

Lab equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery 
 - 
 
 Furniture 

grant revenue was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized approximately of grant revenue. 

million in convertible
loans was included in the diluted net income. The estimated shares were calculated by taking the 20 day moving average stock price on
December 31, 2022 and dividing it by the principal and accrued interest associated with these notes. 

The following shares were
excluded from the calculation of weighted average dilutive shares of common stock because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: 

Options 

Total 

The Company utilizes a recognition
threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. Management has evaluated and concluded that there were material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in
the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its
unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of the reporting date. The Company s policy is to classify assessments, if any,
for tax related interest as interest expense and penalties as selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2022. Disclosures related to the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows
arising from leases are included in Note 8, Leases. 

Legal Fees 

Deposit for equipment purchase 

Tooling 

Other 

Deposit for leased equipment purchase (Note 11) 

Total 

In December 2021, the Company
made a deposit of to purchase equipment (included in prepaid expenses in the accompanying balance sheet). The remainder of the
purchase price was to be financed through a long-term lease but no action occurred. The Company has requested a refund of its deposit
but no recovery has occurred. The deposit was reserved for in September 2022. Tooling consists of engineering designs
and build for packaging semiconductors for samples. Samples are scheduled to ship during the first quarter of 2023. This total amount
will be amortized over 2 years commencing after the first shipment of samples. 

Lab
 equipment 

Furniture 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Machinery 

Subtotal 

Accumulated
 Depreciation 

() 

() 

Property
 and Equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization
expense related to property and equipment was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation expense of approximately was recorded within cost of sales, recorded
within general and administrative expenses, and recorded within research and development. For the year ended December 31,
2021, depreciation expense of approximately was recorded within cost of sales, recorded within general and administrative
expenses, and recorded within research and development. 

Credit Cards Payable 

Accrued Bonus 

Accrued Payroll 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Interest and Other 

Total 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per
share. The holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote per share. preferred shares have been issued through
December 31, 2022. 

Common Stock Transactions 

In March 2021, the
Company sold 
shares of common stock at 
per share for gross proceeds of 
in connection with a private placement of securities. The costs associated with such issuance were 
in cash and warrants to purchase 
shares of Common Stock of the Company with a term of 
years and an exercise price of 
per share. An aggregate of of proceeds were raised from related parties (including an aggregate of from Alex
Behfar s family member, Richard Brown, Richard Ogawa and James Shealy), representing approximately of the total gross
proceeds. 

2022 Private Placement 

On August 8, 2022 and December 23, 2022, the Company
issued secured convertible promissory notes in the amounts of 
 and ,
respectively, to the Nina and John Edmunds 1998 Family Trust dated January 27, 1998, of which the Company s Chairman, John Edmunds,
is the trustee. The two promissory notes were issued as part of the same private placement. The timing of conversion in unknown. If conversion
occurs at a qualified financing event, the two promissory notes will have a 
and 
discount on the offering price, respectively. Refer to Note 12 for details. 

shares of common stock of the Company were authorized for issuance. The 2019 Plan provides
for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, rights to purchase common stock, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock, restricted stock, performance shares and performance units to employees, directors and consultants of the Company and
its affiliates. The 2019 Plan requires the exercise price of stock options to be not less than the fair value of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant, or 110 of fair value in the case of incentive options granted to a ten percent stockholder. 

On March 11, 2020, the
Company granted the following ten year options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share to the
Company s then newly appointed Executive Chairman and Acting Chief Executive Officer under the 2019 Plan: (i) an option to
purchase shares of common stock that vests ratably on a monthly basis over two years and (ii) an option to purchase 
shares of common stock that vests based on performance criteria to be mutually agreed to by the Board and the executive. 

On May 26, 2020, 

On July 16, 2020, the
Company granted the following ten year options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share to the
Company s then Executive Chairman and Acting Chief Executive Officer under the 2019 Plan: (i) an option to purchase 
shares of common stock that vests ratably on a monthly basis over one year and (ii) an option to purchase shares of common
stock that vests based on specified performance criteria. 

On September 16, 2020, the
Board of Directors and a majority of the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2019 Plan to increase the number of
shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan from shares to shares. 

From June 1 to June 22,
2021, the Company granted five and ten year options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of to 
per share to employees, an advisory board member and board members under the 2019 Plan that vest over two to five years. 

On September 22, 2021, upon
the resignation of our then Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, a total of unvested options that he received on September
25, 2019, March 11, 2020, July 16, 2020 and September 22, 2020 were forfeited as of such date. On such date, the Company also provided
the acceleration of unvested stock options issued on September 25, 2019, which were to vest as of September 25, 2021. The impact
of the modification of the stock option was not material. 

On December 30, 2021,
the Company granted five and ten year options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share
to employees, an advisory board member and board members under the 2019 Plan that vest over one to four years. 

On February 9, 2022, subject
to the shareholders approval, our Board of Directors approved that the aggregate number of shares authorized for issuance as awards
under the 2019 Plan shall be shares plus an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year for the rest of the term of
the Plan in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the last day of the immediately
preceding year or (iii) an amount determined by the Board. 

On April 26, 2022, the Company
granted to the CEO, Mark Davidson an option to purchase 650,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 1.66 per share. The option
will vest at the rate of 25 per year on the anniversary date from the first day of his employment starting from April 1, 2023. The option
will be subject to acceleration in vesting in connection with the occurrence of a change of control event during the term of Mr. Davidson s
employment. 

On November 4, 2022 the Company granted to the
Controller, Laura Krauss and option to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at 
per share. The option will vest over a period of four years in equal annual installments from November 2023. 

The stock option activity
from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Options
 granted (1) 

Options
 exercised 

Options
 expired 

Options
 forfeited 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Options
 granted 

Options
 expired or forfeited 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Vested
 shares at December 31, 2022 

The following table summarizes
the outstanding options at December 31, 2022 by exercise price. 

1.50 

1.66 

1.77 

2.90 

3.55 

3.93 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company had options available to grant under the 2019 Plan. 

The Company has estimated
the fair value of all stock option awards as of the date of grant by applying the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In applying the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, the Company used the following weighted average assumptions for 2022 and 2021 issuances: 

Expected term 
 
 years 

years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

0 

Grant date fair value of common stock 
 /share 
 
 /share 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options of approximately of which
was included within general and administrative expenses, of which was included in research and development expenses and 
was included within cost of sales). A prior year adjustment is included in the total of approximately to account for the undervalued
stock based compensation expense from 2021. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options of approximately of
which was included within general and administrative expenses, of which was included in research and development expenses and
 of which was included within cost of revenues on the consolidated statements of operations). 

As of December 31, 2021,
there was unamortized stock-based compensation of approximately which the Company expects to recognize over approximately
 years. At December 31, 2021, the intrinsic value of outstanding and vested stock options was approximately and ,
respectively. 

and expires on . The Company has arranged for a letter of credit in favor of the landlord in lieu
of a security deposit, which is included as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021. 

The following
table presents information about the amount and timing of liabilities arising from the Company s operating and finance leases as
of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Short-term portion 

Long term portion 

Remaining lease term in years 

Discount rate 

The Company
incurred lease expense for its operating lease of approximately and for the twelve months ended, 2022 and 2021. 

The Right
of Use Asset at December 31, 2022 of is being amortized over the lease term. 

of revenues were generated from two government entities. Both of these contracts were completed as of December 31, 2021. The
remainder of the revenues were derived from four customers. At December 31, 2021, deferred costs and deferred revenues were
attributable to one customer contract. 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP, established
as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, as amended CARES Act ), provides for loans to qualifying
businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of such qualifying business. The loans and accrued interest
are forgivable after certain time periods further defined in the CARES Act (the Covered Period as long as the borrower
uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The
amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the Covered Period. The outstanding
balance was included in long-term loans payable at December 31, 2020. On March 6, 2021, the entire loan balance was forgiven. 

On February 24, 2021, the
Company received pursuant to a promissory note issued under the Paycheck Protection Program Part 2 PPP2 ). Interest
was to accrue at per annum and the note is payable in 60 monthly installments of commencing May 2022, however on November 15,
2021, the entire loan balance was forgiven. 

Economic Injury Disaster
Loan Advance 

On May 1, 2020, the Company
received an advance in the amount of 
 from the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program
administered by the SBA, which program was expanded pursuant to the CARES Act. Such advance amount will reduce the Company s PPP
loan forgiveness amount described above. The Company received an additional 
 under this program on August 30, 2020. The loan is payable in monthly payments of 
 including interest at 
payable over 
 years. Payments began one year after receipt of funds and are first applied to the accrued interest. 

Tomkins County Area Development
Loan 

On May 27, 2020, the Company
received loan proceeds in the amount of from the Tomkins County Area Development TCAD Emergency Relief Loan Fund.
The loan matures after four years and bears interest in the amount of per annum, with one year of no interest or principal payments,
followed by three years of monthly payments of principal and interest in the amount of per month. The loan is collateralized by
certain assets of the Company. The outstanding balance is included in long term loans payable. 

E quipment Loans 

On August 20, 2020, the Company received a loan
of from Broome County Industrial Development Agency (5 year facility, annual interest rate, monthly payment of );
on September 1, 2020, the Company received a loan of from Southern Tier Region Economic Development Corporation year facility,
 annual interest rate, monthly payment of ; and on September 10, 2020, the Company received a loan of from TCAD 
year facility, annual interest rate, monthly payment of ). These loans were used to acquire equipment used in the laboratory,
and are secured by the underlying assets of the Company. 

The loans are summarized as follows: 

Deferred loan costs, net of amortization 

Subtotal 

Less current portion 

Total long term portion 

Interest expense on the
above debt instruments was approximately 12,900 and 16,300 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Subtotal 

Less interest portion 

Total debt balance 

Operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Net loss 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Three months ended 3/31/2022 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Net loss 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Based upon
an analysis of Accounting Standards Codification 250 accounting Changes and Error Corrections (ASC 250), U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 99, Materiality and SAB No. 108, Considering
the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements SAB 108 ),
the Company determined this error was immaterial to the previously-issued condensed consolidated financial statements, and as such no
restatement was necessary. Correcting prior-period financial statements for such immaterial misstatements does not require previously
filed reports to be amended. Accordingly, the misstatement was corrected in the period ended June 30, 2022. 

. 

and , respectively, (collectively, the Promissory Notes to
a trust of which the Company s Chairman, John Edmunds, is the trustee, pursuant to certain Subscription Agreement (the Subscription
Agreement ). 

On December
23, 2022, the Company entered into a modification agreement on Promissory Note I which extended its maturity date to June 30, 2025, consistent
with the maturity date of Promissory Note II. There were no other significant modifications to the terms of Promissory Note I. The Company
accounted for the modification of terms as an extinguishment of debt and recognized a loss on extinguishment in the amount of 
recorded in income in the statement of operations. 

The Promissory
Notes were issued as part of a private placement (the Offering for sale up to of secured convertible promissory
notes for a period until September 27, 2022. 

The Promissory Notes bear interest
at a rate of ten percent per annum, on a non-compounding basis, and are due and payable on the earlier of (i) the date upon which the Promissory Notes are converted
into equity securities of the Company, or (ii) at their maturity date on June 30, 2025. All interest due shall be paid in shares of the
Company s common stock, which shall be valued at a price equal to the average of the last 20 trading days closing price
of the Company s common stock, commencing on the date immediately preceding the date of conversion for purposes of the interest
computation. The Promissory Notes may be convertible anytime at the discretion of the holder into shares of common stock of the Company
at a price equal to the average of the last 20 trading days closing price, or automatically converted upon the listing of the
Company s common stock on a National Securities Exchange or the closing of a public offering of the Company s common stock
with aggregate proceeds of at least million
at a 15 and a 20 discount to the per share public offering price for Promissory Note I and Promissory Note II, respectively. The Promissory
Notes also contain a change of ownership clause. In the event a Corporate Transaction occurs prior to the conversion or repayment of
Note 1, at the closing of the Corporate Transaction (in lieu of conversion) the Company shall redeem Note 1 at a price equal to 200 
of the principal amount (in full satisfaction of principal and interest due) Interest expense on the above debt instruments was approximately
 for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company accounts for convertible
bridge loans under ASC 815. The Company has made the election under 815-15-25 to account for the notes under the fair value option. Using
the fair value option, the convertible notes are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each
balance sheet thereafter. Differences between the face value of the note and fair value at issuance are recognized as either an expense
in the statement of operations (if issued at a premium) or as a capital contribution (if issued at a discount). Changes in the estimated
fair value of the notes are recognized as non-cash gains or losses in the statement of operations. 

The related party convertible
 Promissory Notes were valued using the Probability-Weighted Expected Returns Method (PWERM), which
is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The inputs used to determine fair market value of the notes are the following: 

 Coupon Rate: 10 

 Maturity: June 30 th ,
2025 

 Market Rate: 12.41 

 Payment Frequency: Maturity 

 Management
assumes there is an 85 probability the notes will convert by June 30, 2023, a 10 chance these notes will reach maturity and a 5 chance
a corporate transaction will occur. The fair market value of these notes reflects these probabilities. These assumption are based off
of the judgment and experience of management and based on conversations with investment banks and interested investors. 

() 

December Note 

() 

() 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The provision for income
taxes for the taxable periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differs from the statutory federal income tax rate as follows: 

State tax, net of Federal benefit 

R D credits 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Significant components of the Company s deferred
tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Stock compensation expense 

Depreciation 

R D Credit 

Capitalized R D 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

The effective tax rate
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differed from the amounts computed by applying the US federal income tax rate of primarily because of the increase in the valuation allowance, which resulted in an effective tax rate of zero for both years. 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company had approximately of net operating loss NOL carryforwards that may be available to offset future Federal
taxable income indefinitely and New York State taxable income through 2039. The utilization of NOL carryforwards to offset future taxable
income may be subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state statutes as a result of ownership
changes that could occur in the future. If necessary, the deferred tax assets will be reduced by any carryforward that expires prior
to utilization as a result of such limitations, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. 

The Company has assessed
the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be realized in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC
740 ). ASC 740 requires that such a review considers all available positive and negative evidence, including the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. ASC 740 requires that a valuation allowance
be established when it is more likely than not that all, or a portion of, deferred tax assets will not be realized. After
the performance of such a review as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management believes that uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of its deferred tax assets and has, therefore, established a full valuation allowance as of those dates. 

Management has evaluated
and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s financial statements as
of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months
of the reporting date. No tax audits were commenced or were in process for the taxable periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. tax
related interest or penalties were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company files tax returns
as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to
examination by federal and state jurisdictions, where applicable. There are currently no pending tax examinations. The Company s
tax returns are open under statute from 2018 to the present. 

F- 23 

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are
designed to be effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and
procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute assurance of achieving the desired objectives. Also, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
management, including our chief executive officer and chief accounting officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to material weaknesses described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by the SEC rules and regulations for
the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In making the assessments on the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We are a small organization, and our
Chief Accounting Officer is a new position. Based on management s assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to material weaknesses related to the size and length of service of our accounting department. 

38 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As an emerging growth company,
management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

In September 2022, the Company hired a Controller,
who was promoted to Chief Accounting Officer in November 2022. The Company considers that the addition of this role improved the internal
controls over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter. Other than the aforementioned changes, there were no other changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

All directors of the Company hold office for one-year
terms until the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are appointed by our Board and serve at the discretion of the
board, subject to applicable employment agreements. The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and the
members of our Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Mark Davidson 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Richard Brown 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Technical Officer
 and Director 
 
 James Shealy 
 
 66 
 
 Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 John Edmunds 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman of the Board and
 Director 
 
 Laura Krauss 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Richard Ogawa 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Thompson 
 
 65 
 
 Director 

Mark Davidson joined the Company as
Chief Executive Officer on April 18, 2022. From April 2020 to April 2022, Mr. Davidson served as the Chief Revenue Officer of DreamVu,
Inc. From October 2019 to August 2020, Mr. Davidson was interim Chief Executive Officer of Range Networks Incorporated where he pivoted
the company s business model, resulting in a surge in revenue and profitability of the company and acquisition of the company by
another fast-growing company. Since September 2018, Mr. Davidson has served as a managing partner of Vonzos Partners, a start-up venture
capital company. From January 2016 to January 2018, Mr. Davidson served as Vice President and General Manager in the Global Power Products
Business Organization of Intel Corporation, which acquired Altera Corporation, where Mr. Davidson served as General Manager and Marketing
Director of The Power Business Unit from August 2013 to January 2016. From November 2007 to July 2013, he served as Texas Instruments
Incorporated s Regional Sales and Applications Engineering Director as well as Analog Applications Manager. From November 2000
to October 2007, he served as National Semiconductor Corporation s Marketing Director and Product Line Director. From July 1997
to July 2000, Mr. Davidson served as Visteon Corporation s Customer Liaison Engineer and Country Manager. From May 1995 to July
1997, Mr. Davidson served as Ford Motor Company s Product Design Engineer. He received in 1995 a Bachelor of Science, Electrical
Engineering from Pennsylvania State University. 

39 

Richard Brown joined the Company
as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and a Director on June 21, 2019. He resigned from the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
and was appointed as Chief Technical Officer of the Company as of March 11, 2020. He was appointed our Interim Chief Executive Officer
on September 13, 2021. He received his B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. from Cornell University, all in Electrical and Computer Engineering in 2004,
2007, and 2010, respectively. His Ph.D. research was focused on advanced dielectrics for the passivation of microwave AlGaN/GaN HEMTs.
After graduation, he was a founding member of the company that became Avogy, Inc., where he worked on the development of vertical GaN power
devices for 2 years. Prior to the founding of Odyssey Semiconductor, Inc., the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, he co-owned JR2J,
LLC, a semiconductor device prototyping business, as well as working as a visiting scientist at Cornell University researching GaN based
HEMTs. Mr. Brown has over 18 years of semiconductor device experience, most of it specializing in topics relating to GaN devices. We
believe that Mr. Brown s technical experience in the semiconductor industry and extensive knowledge of the Company from his current
role as our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

James Shealy has been Secretary
and Treasurer of the Company since June 21, 2019. He is a co-founder of the Odyssey Semiconductor, Inc., the wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, and JR2J. He received his BS from North Carolina State University in 1978, his M.S. from Rensselaer Polytechnic in 1980,
and his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 1983. After earning his doctorate, Mr. Shealy held a dual appointment at Cornell University
as a research associate and at General Electric as a principal staff scientist. In 1983 he co-founded, and has chaired, the biennial
international workshop on OMVPE (organometallic vapor phase epitaxy), a technique used for growing semiconductor crystals. He joined
the faculty in 1987 and is active in developing Cornell s laboratory research in compound semiconductor materials and related graduate
courses. 

John Edmunds has been a Director
and Chairman of the Audit Committee since June 22, 2021, and became Chairman of the Board since September 22, 2021. Mr. Edmunds
served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Inphi Corporation since January 2008. He previously served
as Chief Financial Officer of Trident Microsystems, a semiconductor company, from June 2004 to January 2008. Mr. Edmunds also served
as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Oak Technology, Inc. from January 2000 until it was acquired by Zoran Corporation
in August 2003. He continued to serve as Vice President of Finance for Zoran until June 2004. Mr. Edmunds started his career as a C.P.A.
with Coopers Lybrand in San Francisco and San Jose in 1980s. He holds a B.S. degree in finance and accounting from the University
of California, Berkeley. We believe that Mr. Edmunds financial experience qualifies him to be Chairman of our Audit Committee
and that his financial and technical experience in the semiconductor industry and his leadership roles in other technology companies
qualify him to serve on our board of directors. Since September 2001, Mr. Edmunds has also been serving as the interim part-time Chief
Financial Officer of Mythic Inc., a late stage private artificial intelligence semiconductor company called in Redwood City, California. 

Laura Krauss joined the Company in
September 19, 2022 as the Controller and became the Chief Accounting Officer on November 4, 2022. From April 2020 to September 2022,
Ms. Krauss served as Accounting Manager to Palisade Company, LLC, a private equity owned risk modeling and decision software company.
From September 2005 to March 2020, Ms. Krauss served multiple accounting and finance roles, at BorgWarner Inc., a clean and efficient
technology solutions company for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. From June 2004 to September 2005, she worked at Cayuga Medical
Center at Ithaca, NY as a Cost Accountant. Ms. Krauss started her career as an Auditor at Ciaschi, Dietershagen, Little, Mickelson 
Company, LLP from January 2003 to January 2004. She received a Master of Science in Accounting from Binghamton University and a Bachelor
of Arts in Psychology at Grinnell College. She is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of New York. 

Richard Ogawa joined the Board
of Directors of the Company on June 21, 2019 and joined our Audit Committee on June 22, 2021. Mr. Ogawa currently also serves on the
board of directors of Amesite Inc., an SEC reporting company in the artificial intelligence software industry, since February
2018. He has been General Counsel at Inphi Corporation since Jan 2013, responsible for overseeing legal matters as well
as corporate, intellectual property, and government affairs. Mr. Ogawa is a Registered United States Patent Attorney and a Member of
the California State Bar with more than 25 years of experience specializing in technology companies. Prior to Inphi, from January
1993 to January 2010, he was a Partner at Townsend and Townsend and Crew, a law firm focused on intellectual property. He is the
founder and owner of Ogawa Professional Corporation, his own law firm, focusing on startup companies. Since February 2008, he has
been General Counsel for Soraa Laser Diode, Inc., a venture funded company by Khosla Ventures and acquired by Kyocera Corporation
in 2022, and since December 2009 has been General Counsel for MCube, Inc., a venture funded company by Kleiner Perkins
Caufield Byers. He also held a variety of engineering and management positions at NEC Electronics from December 1984 to December
1992. He received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Davis in 1984, and a J.D. from McGeorge George
School of Law, University of the Pacific in 1991. We believe that Mr. Ogawa s many years of legal expertise in technology
companies qualifies him to serve on our board of directors and Audit Committee. 

40 

Michael Thompson joined the Board
of Directors of the Company on June 21, 2019. He received his B.S. in Applied Physics from CalTech in 1979 and M.S./Ph.D. degrees
in Applied and Engineering Physics from Cornell in 1984. After completing his Ph.D, he joined the faculty in the Department of Materials
Science at Cornell University continuing his work on the interaction of materials with intense laser sources. He has co-authored over
100 journal publications, is co-inventor on 25 patents, and has founded or co-founded three startup companies. He was the recipient of
the 2009 SEMI Award for technical contributions to the semiconductor industry. For the past 28 years, Dr. Thompson s research has
focused extensively on the behavior of semiconductor materials under pulsed and continuous-wave laser exposure. In the late 1990 s,
he was involved in the development of melt-annealing methods to fabricate thin-film transistors on glass and flexible substrates. Over
the past decade, he helped to develop the use of CW lasers for non-melt laser annealing (LSA Laser Spike Annealing) of ultra-shallow
junctions in advanced VLSI nodes. His group currently is active in exploring new applications for LSA both within and beyond the microelectronics
community. Areas of research include dopant activation and deactivation in compound semiconductors (InGaAs, GaN, GaO2), thin-film
amorphous oxide semiconductors (IGZO), metastable phase formation in metallic glasses and complex oxides during LSA quench, mesoscale
structuring of organic and inorganic materials in the millisecond timescale, and development of novel processes for EUV and DSA lithography.
He is also currently the director of the ACCESS (AFRL Cornell Center for Epitaxial SolutionS) center focused on understanding fundamental
materials issues in GaO2 power devices. We believe that Mr. Thompson s extensive technical experience in the semiconductor industry
qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Advisory Board Member 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Khurram Khan Afridi 
 
 56 
 
 Advisory Board Member 

Khurram Khan Afridi was appointed as
an Advisory Board Member of the Company as of June 7, 2021. Mr. Afridi is an Associate Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering
at Cornell University. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from California Institute of Technology (1989),
and Master of Science (1992) and PhD (1998) degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology
(MIT). His research interests are in power electronics and energy systems incorporating power electronic controls. Prior to joining Cornell,
he was an Assistant Professor and the Goh Faculty Fellow at the University of Colorado (CU) Boulder (2014-2018), a visiting faculty at
MIT s EECS Department (2009-2014), and the Chief Operating Officer (2000-2010) and Chief Technology Officer (1997-2000) of Techlogix, Inc.. From
2004 to 2008 he led the development of LUMS School of Science and Engineering (SSE) as Project Director. He has also worked for the NASA
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Lutron Electrronics Co., Koninklijke Philips N.V Philips), and Schlumberger
Limited. He is an associate editor of the IEEE Journal of Emerging and Selected Topics in Power Electronics, and was the Technical
Program Committee (TPC) chair for the IEEE Wireless Power Transfer Conference (WPTC) in 2015. He received the Carnation Merit Award from
Caltech (1988), the BMW Scientific Award from BMW AG (1999), the Werner-von-Siemens Chair for Power Electronics from LUMS SSE (2008),
the Dean s Professional Progress Award from CU Boulder (2015), the ECEE Department Outstanding Overall Performance Award from CU
Boulder (2016), and the National Science Foundation CAREER Award from NSF (2016). He is co-author of five IEEE prize papers. 

Significant Employee 

In addition to the officers, directors and an advisory board member disclosed
above, the Company also has the following significant employee: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Alfred Schremer 
 
 65 
 
 Vice President of Research and Development 

41 

Alfred Schremer has 40 years
of experience working in the field III-V semiconductors with applications in RF- and opto-electronics. He earned his PhD in Electrical
Engineering from Cornell University, investigating various aspects of semiconductor laser physics, using lasers he fabricated from epitaxial
materials he grew using facilities within the School of Electrical Engineering. He joined BinOptics Corporation at its inception
in 2001, serving in various roles from Lab Manager to Director of Research, refining the etched facet laser processes which led to the
enabling of low-cost wafer scale manufacturing of Fabry-Perot and distributed feedback lasers for the data and telecom markets. In December
2014, BinOptics was acquired by MACOM Technology Solutions Inc., where Mr. Schremer served as a Director of Engineering,
supporting manufacturing and development of etched facet lasers. 

Employment and Consulting Agreements 

On July 1, 2019, through its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Odyssey Semiconductor, the Company entered into an agreement with Al Schremer as Vice President of Research and Development.
Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Schremer an annual salary of 100,000 and a one-time grant of options
to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

On April 7, 2022, the Company entered into a letter
agreement with Mark Davidson as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective as of April 18, 2022. Pursuant to the agreement, the
Company agreed to pay Mr. Davidson an annual base salary of 300,000, and an annual target bonus for 2022 of up to 150,000 that will
be prorated for nine (9) months (i.e. 112,500) based on his achievements of performance goals to be finalized and approved by the Board
within the first two months of his employment. Such annual bonus will be paid in stock compensation until such time that the Company
has sufficient cash flow. On January 26, 2023, the Company issued 142,500 stock options to Mr. Davidson as payment to his 2022 performance
bonus. His eligibility for future bonuses will be determined by the Board in accordance with the Company s future bonus plans
and programs. In addition, the Company agreed to grant to Mr. Davidson an option to purchase 650,000 shares of common stock of the Company
at 1.66 per share, which will vest starting from April 26, 2023, in four annual equal installments. The option will be subject to acceleration
in vesting in connection with the occurrence of a change of control event during the term of Mr. Davidson s employment. 

On September 2, 2022, the Company entered into a
letter agreement with Laura Krauss as Controller of the company effective September 19, 2022. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company
agreed to pay Ms. Krauss an annual base salary of 120,000. The Company has also agreed to pay Ms. Krauss a one-time signing bonus in
the amount of 4,500, to be paid within 7 days of her start date, and a retention bonus of 4,500, to be paid after six months of employment.
In the event of Company closure, the Company will reserve three months salary as severance to be available providing Ms. Krauss
remains in good standing with the Company In addition, the Company agreed to grant Ms. Krauss an option to purchase 75,000 shares of
common stock of the Company at 0.85 per share, which will vest starting from November 15,2023, in four annual equal installments. The
option will be subject to acceleration in vesting in connection with the occurrence of a change of control event during the term of Ms.
Krauss employment. Effective November 4, 2022, Ms. Krauss was appointed Chief Accounting Officer. The Company did not enter
into a new agreement with Mr. Krauss. 

Other than Mr. Schremer, Mr. Davidson, and Laura
Krauss, we have not entered into any other employment agreement with our management or significant employees. 

On April 1, 2019, JR2J, our indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary, entered into a one-year independent contractor agreement with Richard Ogawa, pursuant to which Mr. Ogawa agreed to serve
as a director of the Company post-Share Exchange, and provide services related to intellectual property development, intellectual property
strategies and licensing of intellectual property. This Agreement automatically renews for additional terms of one-year unless terminated
in accordance with the Agreement. In consideration for Mr. Ogawa s services to the Company, on September 25, 2019, the Company
granted Mr. Ogawa a 10-year option under the 2019 Plan to purchase 275,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 1.50 per share, half
of which vested on September 25, 2020 and the balance of which vested on September 25, 2021. 

42 

On June 7, 2021, Khurram Khan Afridi was appointed
as an Advisory Board Member to bring his extensive expertise in power systems to the Company and work with the Company in setting up
the expectations from customers in areas such as electric vehicles and solar energy. Mr. Afridi agreed to be at the facility of the Company
for one hour per week. In connection with such appointment, Mr. Afridi was granted 10-year options to purchase 50,000 shares of Common
Stock at a price of 3.55 per share. 

In connection with John Edmunds s appointment
as a Director and Chairman of Audit Committee of the Company on June 22, 2021, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Edmunds (i) an annual cash
compensation of 20,000; (ii) a one-time grant on June 22, 2021 of non-qualified stock options under the Company 2019 Equity Compensation
Plan to purchase 70,246 shares of Common Stock of the Company at 2.90 per share; (iii) an annual grant of non-qualified stock options
under the 2019 Plan to purchase a number of shares of common stock of the Corporation that have a value of 60,000, calculated using
the fair market value of Common Stock of the Company as determined by the Board as of the date of grant, with an exercise price equal
to the closing bid price of Common Stock of the Company as of the date of grant; provided that Mr. Edmunds shall have served on the Board
for at least six months prior to the date of grant; and (iv) reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket costs and travel expenses in
connection with his attendance at meetings of the Board and Audit Committee. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the past ten years, none
of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending
 criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property
 of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer,
 either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining,
 barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment,
 banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or
 by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the
 judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or
 administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement
 of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities
 law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to,
 a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
 order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered
 entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization
 that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

43 

Board Committees 

Our board has established an audit committee with
its own charter approved by the board. The board has also approved the establishment of a compensation committee and a nominating and
corporate governance committee, each with its own charter approved by the board, to be effective as of the effective date of a Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on February 11, 2022 (File No. 333-262640) (the 2022 Registration Statement ).
The committee charters have been filed as exhibits to the 2022 Registration Statement. We intend to make each committee s charter
available on our website at https://www.odysseysemi.com/. 

In addition, our board of directors may, from time
to time, designate one or more additional committees, which shall have the duties and powers granted to it by our board of directors. 

Audit Committee 

John Edmunds currently serves on our audit committee
as a member and the chairman. The board has approved the appointment of Michael Thompson on our audit committee, to be effective as of the
effective date of the 2022 Registration Statement. Mr. Thompson satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act. Our board has determined that Mr. Edmunds qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. The audit
committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our company. 

The audit committee is responsible for, among other
things: (i) retaining and overseeing our independent accountants; (ii) assisting the board in its oversight of the integrity of our financial
statements, the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors and our compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements; (iii) reviewing and approving the plan and scope of the internal and external audit; (iv) pre-approving any audit and non-audit
services provided by our independent auditors; (v) approving the fees to be paid to our independent auditors; (vi) reviewing with our
chief executive officer and principal financial officer and independent auditors the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls;
(vii) reviewing hedging transactions; and (viii) reviewing and assessing annually the audit committee s performance and the adequacy
of its charter. 

Compensation Committee 

John Edmunds and Michael Thompson will serve on our
compensation committee to be effective as of the effective date of the 2022 Registration Statement, with Mr. Edmunds serving as the chairman.
Mr. Thompson satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. The members of the compensation
committee are also outside directors as defined in Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or
the Code, and non-employee directors within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The compensation committee assists
the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure, including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive
officers. 

The compensation committee is responsible for, among
other things: (i) reviewing and approving the remuneration of our executive officers; (ii) making recommendations to the board regarding
the compensation of our independent directors; (iii) making recommendations to the board regarding equity-based and incentive compensation
plans, policies and programs; and (iv) reviewing and assessing annually the compensation committee s performance and the adequacy
of its charter. 

The charter of the compensation committee has been
adopted by the board, to be effective as of the effective date of the 2022 Registration Statement. 

44 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Richard Ogawa and John Edmunds will serve on our
nominating and corporate governance committee to be effective as of the effective date of the 2022 Registration Statement, with Mr. Ogawa
serving as the chairman. The nominating and corporate governance committee assists the board of directors in selecting individuals qualified
to become our directors and in determining the composition of the board and its committees. 

The nominating and corporate governance committee
will be responsible for, among other things: (i) identifying and evaluating individuals qualified to become members of the board by reviewing
nominees for election to the board submitted by shareholders and recommending to the board director nominees for each annual meeting
of shareholders and for election to fill any vacancies on the board; (ii) advising the board with respect to board organization, desired
qualifications of board members, the membership, function, operation, structure and composition of committees (including any committee
authority to delegate to subcommittees), and self-evaluation and policies; (iii) advising on matters relating to corporate governance
and monitoring developments in the law and practice of corporate governance; (iv) overseeing compliance with the our code of business
conduct; and (v) approving any related party transactions. 

The charter of the nominating and corporate governance
committee has been adopted by the board, to be effective as of the effective date of the 2022 Registration Statement. 

The nominating and corporate governance committee s
methods for identifying candidates for election to our board of directors (other than those proposed by our shareholders, as discussed
below) will include the solicitation of ideas for possible candidates from a number of sources - members of our board of directors,
our executives, individuals personally known to the members of our board of directors, and other research. The nominating and corporate
governance committee may also, from time-to-time, retain one or more third-party search firms to identify suitable candidates. 

In making director recommendations, the nominating
and corporate governance committee may consider some or all of the following factors: (i) the candidate s judgment, skill, experience
with other organizations of comparable purpose, complexity and size, and subject to similar legal restrictions and oversight; (ii) the
interplay of the candidate s experience with the experience of other board members; (iii) the extent to which the candidate would
be a desirable addition to the board and any committee thereof; (iv) whether or not the person has any relationships that might impair
his or her independence; and (v) the candidate s ability to contribute to the effective management of our company, taking into
account the needs of our company and such factors as the individual s experience, perspective, skills and knowledge of the industry
in which we operate. 

A shareholder may nominate one or more persons for
election as a director at an annual meeting of shareholders if the shareholder complies with the notice and information provisions contained
in our bylaws. Such notice must be in writing to our Company not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier
than the close of business on the one-hundred-twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual
meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than thirty (30) days prior to or
delayed by more than thirty (30) days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to
be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting
and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day
following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made or as otherwise required by the Exchange Act.
In addition, shareholders furnishing such notice must be a holder of record on both (i) the date of delivering such notice and (ii) the
record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a code of business conduct that applies
to all of our directors, officers and employees. Such code of business conduct addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical
conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities
laws, and reporting of violations of the code. 

45 

A copy of the code of business conduct has been filed
as an exhibit to the 2022 Registration Statement. We are required to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code
of business conduct applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller,
or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our website as a method of disseminating this disclosure as well as by SEC
filings, as permitted or required by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our website within four (4) business
days following the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of business conduct. 

Limitation of Directors Liability and Indemnification 

The Company is a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may
indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to an action by reason of the fact that he or she was
a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation against expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection
with such action if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best
interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct
was unlawful, except that, in the case of an action by or in right of the corporation, no indemnification may generally be
made in respect of any claim as to which such person is adjudged to be liable to the corporation. The Company s Bylaws provide
that it will indemnify its directors and officers against expenses actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of
any action, suit, or proceeding in which they, or any of them, were made parties, or a party, by reason of being or having been directors
or officers or a director or officer of the Company, or of such other corporation, except in relation to matters as to which any such
director or officer or person shall have been adjudged in such action, suit, or proceeding to be liable for negligence or misconduct
in the performance of any duty owed to the Company. 

Section 102(b)(7) of the Delaware General
Corporation Law permits a corporation to provide in its certificate of incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be
personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except for
liability for any: (i) breach of a director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; (ii) act or omission not
in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) unlawful payment of dividends or redemption
of shares; or (iv) transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. The Company s Certificate of
Incorporation provides that its directors are not personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches
of fiduciary duties to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. These limitations of
liability do not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies
such as injunctive relief or rescission. 

Section 145(g) of the Delaware General
Corporation Law permits a corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation. At present, the Company has purchased director and officer liability insurance to cover liabilities our
directors and officers may incur in connection with their services to us for up to 2 million. 

Indemnification Agreements 

The Company has not entered into any indemnity agreements
with its officers or directors. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers, employees or agents
in which indemnification will be required or permitted. We are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in
a claim for such indemnification. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table presents information regarding
the total compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our chief executive officer and the other most highly-compensated executive
officers (other than the chief executive officer) who were serving as executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

46 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Option
Awards )(3) 
 
 Non-equity 
incentive plan compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified
deferred compensation earnings ) 
 
 All Other
Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Alex Behfar (1) 

2022 

Former
Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

10 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

10 

Richard
J. Brown (2) 

2022 

150,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

150,000 

Interim
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer 

2021 

150,000 

0 

137,295 

0 

0 

0 

287,295 

Mark
Davidson 

Chief
Executive Officer 

2022 

300,000 

112,500 

898,775 

0 

0 

0 

1,311,275 

James
R. Shealy 

2022 

60,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

60,000 

Secretary
and Treasurer 

2021 

60.000 

0 

98,326 

0 

0 

0 

158,326 

Laura
Krauss 

Chief
Accounting Officer 

2022 

120,000 

4.500 

55,816 

0 

0 

0 

180,816 

(1) 
 Mr. Behfar was appointed as the Company s Acting Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman on March 11, 2020, and as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman on September 16, 2020. Mr. Behfar tendered
 his resignation as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director of the Company, effective as of
 September 22, 2021. This table includes compensation paid to Mr. Behfar from January 1, 2021 as an executive officer and
 director. From January 1, 2021 until his resignation on September 22, 2021, Mr. Behfar received a cash compensation of 1.00 per
 month. 

(2) 
 Mr. Brown was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company from
 June 21, 2019 to March 11, 2020, Chief Technical Officer since March 11, 2020, and also Interim Chief Executive Officer
 from September 13, 2021 until April 18, 2022. 

(3) 
 
 The amounts reported in the Option Awards column reflect
 the aggregate fair value of stock-based compensation awarded during the year computed in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC
 Topic 718. 

Employment and Consulting Agreements 

See Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance - Employment and Consulting Agreements at pages 41-42. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following table presents information regarding the outstanding options
held by each of our directors and named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. None of our directors or named executive officers
held any outstanding restricted stock unit or other equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

47 

Option Awards 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying
 Unexercised Options 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Exercisable (#) 
 Unexercisable (#) 
 Exercise price ) 
 Expiration Date 

Richard Ogawa 
 9/25/2019 
 275,000 
 
 1.50 
 9/25/2029 
 
 Michael Thompson 
 11/5/2019 
 25,000 
 
 1.50 
 11/5/2029 
 
 Richard Ogawa 
 5/30/2021 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 3.93 
 5/30/2031 
 
 Michael Thompson 
 5/30/2021 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 3.93 
 5/30/2031 
 
 John Edmunds 
 6/16/2021 
 17,562 
 52,684 
 2.90 
 6/16/2031 
 
 Richard Ogawa 
 12/30/2021 
 12,500 
 7,500 
 1.77 
 12/30/2031 
 
 Michael Thompson 
 12/30/2021 
 12,500 
 7,500 
 1.77 
 12/30/2031 
 
 John Edmunds 
 12/30/2021 
 12,500 
 7,500 
 1.77 
 12/30/2031 
 
 Richard Ogawa 
 12/30/2021 
 35,000 
 
 1.77 
 12/30/2031 
 
 John Edmunds 
 12/30/2021 
 20,000 
 
 1.77 
 12/30/2031 
 
 Richard Brown 
 12/30/2021 
 25,000 
 75,000 
 1.77 
 12/30/2026 
 
 James Shealy 
 12/30/2021 
 20,000 
 60,000 
 1.77 
 12/30/2026 
 
 Mark Davidson 
 4/26/2022 
 
 650,000 
 1.66 
 04/26/2032 

Laura Krauss 
 11/15/2023 
 
 75,000 
 0.85 
 11/15/2032 
 
 total 
 
 505,062 
 985,184 

2019 Equity Compensation Plan 

General 

On June 18, 2019, our Board of Directors adopted
an Equity Compensation Plan (the 2019 Plan ). The 2019 Plan was approved by the stockholders on the same day. On May 26,
2020, the Board of Directors and a majority of the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2019 Plan to (i) increase
the number of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan from 1,326,000 to 2,500,000 shares; (ii) increase the
maximum aggregate number of shares, options and/or other awards that may be granted to any one person during any calendar year from 500,000
to 1,300,000; and (iii) clarify the availability of cashless exercise as a form of consideration. On September 16, 2020, the Board of
Directors and a majority of the Company s shareholders approved the second amendment to the 2019 Plan to (i) increase the number
of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan from 2,500,000 to 4,600,000; (ii) increase the maximum aggregate
number of shares, options and/or other awards that may be granted to any one person during any calendar year from 1,300,000 to 2,950,000.
On February 9, 2022, subject to the shareholders approval, our Board of Directors approved that the aggregate number of shares
authorized for issuance as awards under the 2019 Plan shall be 4,600,000 shares plus an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal
year for the rest of the term of the Plan in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the
Company on the last day of the immediately preceding year or (iii) an amount determined by the Board. 

As of the date hereof, a total of 5,948,156 options
have been granted under the 2019 Plan, of which 2,098,246 options are outstanding, 315,625 options have been exercised. There are 2,186,129 shares
are available to be issued in the future under the 2019 Plan. 

The general purpose of the 2019 Plan is to provide
an incentive to our employees, directors, consultants and advisors by enabling them to share in the future growth of our business. Our
Board of Directors believes that the granting of stock options, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards and similar kinds
of equity-based compensation promotes continuity of management and increases incentive and personal interest in the welfare of our Company
by those who are primarily responsible for shaping and carrying out our long range plans and securing our growth and financial
success. 

Our Board of Directors believes that the 2019 Plan
will advance our interests by enhancing our ability to (a) attract and retain employees, consultants, directors and advisors who are
in a position to make significant contributions to our success; (b) reward our employees, consultants, directors and advisors for these
contributions; and (c) encourage employees, consultants, directors and advisors to take into account our long-term interests through
ownership of our shares. 

Description of the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan 

The following description of the principal terms
of the 2019 Plan, as amended, is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the amended 2019 Plan, which is filed
herewith as an exhibit. 

Administration . The 2019 Plan
will be administered by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may grant options to purchase shares of our Common Stock, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted or unrestricted shares of our Common Stock, performance shares, performance units,
other cash-based awards and other stock-based awards. The Board of Directors also has broad authority to determine the terms and conditions
of each option or other kind of equity award, adopt, amend and rescind rules and regulations for the administration of the 2019 Plan
and amend or modify outstanding options, grants and awards. 

48 

Eligibility . Persons eligible
to receive options, stock appreciation rights or other awards under the 2019 Plan are employees, consultants, advisors and directors
of our Company and our subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, 12 full-time employees, one part-time employee, and two non-employee directors
are eligible to participate in the 2019 Plan. The Board of Directors may at any time and from time to time grant awards
under the 2019 Plan to eligible persons on a discretionary basis. 

Shares Subject to the 2019 Plan . The
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance in connection with options and awards granted under the 2019 Plan,
as amended, is 4,600,000 plus an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year for the rest of the term of the Plan in an amount
equal to the lesser of (i) 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the last day of the immediately preceding year
or (iii) an amount determined by the Board, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
Incentive Stock Options may be granted under the 2019 Plan with respect to all of those shares. If any option or stock appreciation
right granted under the 2019 Plan terminates without having been exercised in full or if any award is forfeited, or if shares of Common
Stock are withheld to cover withholding taxes on options or other awards, the number of shares of Common Stock as to which such option
or award was forfeited, or which were withheld, will be available for future grants under the 2019 Plan. The maximum aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock with respect to one or more awards that may be granted to any employee, director or consultant during any calendar
year shall be 2,950,000 and the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash during any calendar year with respect
to one or more awards payable in cash shall be 200,000. 

Terms and Conditions of Options . Options
granted under the 2019 Plan may be either incentive stock options that are intended to meet the requirements of Section
422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code or nonstatutory stock options that do
not meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Incentive stock options may be granted only to employees. Each option grant will
be evidenced by an award agreement that will specify the terms and conditions as determined by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
will determine the exercise price of options granted under the 2019 Plan. The exercise price of stock options may not be less than the
fair market value, on the date of grant, per share of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the option (or 110 of fair market value
in the case of incentive options granted to a ten percent stockholder). 

If on the date of grant the Common Stock is listed
on a stock exchange, the fair market value shall generally be the closing sale price on the last trading day before the date of grant.
If no such prices are available, the fair market value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors based on the advice
of a qualified valuation expert. 

No option may be exercisable for more than ten years
(five years in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a ten percent stockholder) from the date of grant. Options granted under
the 2019 Plan will be exercisable at such time or times as the Board of Directors prescribes at the time of grant. No employee may receive
incentive stock options that first become exercisable in any calendar year in an amount exceeding 100,000. 

Generally, the option price may be paid (a) in cash
or by bank check, (b) through delivery of shares of our Common Stock having a fair market value equal to the purchase price, (c) through
cashless exercise, or (d) a combination of these methods. 

No option may be transferred other than by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution, and during a recipient s lifetime an option may be exercised only by the recipient. Options
granted under the 2019 Plan will be exercisable at such time or times as the Board of Directors prescribes at the time of grant. No employee
may receive incentive stock options that first become exercisable in any calendar year in an amount exceeding 100,000. 

49 

Stock Appreciation Rights . The
Board of Directors may grant stock appreciation rights under the 2019 Plan in such amounts as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion
will determine. Each stock appreciation right grant will be evidenced by an award agreement that will specify the terms and conditions
as determined by the Board of Directors. The exercise price per share of a stock appreciation right will be determined by the Board of Directors
but will not be less than 100 of the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The maximum term of
any SAR granted under the 2019 Plan is ten years from the date of grant. Generally, each SAR stock appreciation right will entitle a
participant upon exercise to an amount equal to: 

the excess of the fair
 market value on the exercise date of one share of our Common Stock over the exercise price, multiplied by 

the number of shares of
 Common Stock covered by the stock appreciation right. 

Payment may be made in shares of our Common Stock,
in cash, or partly in Common Stock and partly in cash, all as determined by the Board of Directors. 

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . The
Board of Directors may award restricted common stock and/or restricted stock units under the 2019 Plan in such amounts as the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion will determine. The Board of Directors will determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to
each award of restricted stock or restricted stock units, as evidenced in an award agreement, which may include performance-based conditions.
Dividends and other distributions with respect to restricted stock may be paid to the holder of the shares as and when dividends are
paid to stockholders, unless otherwise provided in the award agreement. Unless the Board of Directors determines otherwise, holders of
restricted stock will have the right to vote the shares. 

Performance Shares and Performance Units . The
Board of Directors may award performance shares and/or performance units under the 2019 Plan in such amounts as the Board of Directors
in its sole discretion will determine. Each performance unit will have an initial value that is established by the Board of Directors
on or before the date of grant. Each performance share will have an initial value equal to the fair market value of a share on the date
of grant. The Board of Directors at its discretion will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions. The Board of Directors
will determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each award of performance shares and performance units, as evidenced in
an award agreement. 

Effect of Certain Corporate Transactions . In
the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2019 Plan), the Board of Directors has the discretion and without the need for the
consent of any recipient of an award to take the following actions as to an outstanding award: (i) awards will be assumed, or substantially
equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation; (ii) awards will terminate upon or immediately prior
to the consummation of such change in control; (iii) outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, or restrictions applicable
to an award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such change in control, and terminate upon or immediately
prior to the effectiveness of such change in control; (iv) an award is terminated in exchange for an amount of cash and/or property,
if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award; (v) an award is replaced with other rights
or property selected by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. 

Amendment, Termination . The Board
of Directors may at any time amend, alter, amend the terms of awards in any manner not inconsistent with the 2019 Plan, provided that
no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of a participant with respect to an outstanding award without the participant s
consent. In addition, our board of directors may at any time amend, suspend, or terminate the 2019 Plan, provided that (i) no such amendment,
suspension or termination shall materially and adversely affect the rights of any participant under any outstanding award without the
consent of such participant and (ii) to the extent necessary to comply with any applicable law or stock exchange rule, the Company will
obtain stockholder consent of amendment to the plan. 

Tax Withholding 

As and when appropriate, we have the right to require
each optionee purchasing shares of Common Stock and each grantee receiving an award of shares of Common Stock under the 2019 Plan to
pay any federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld. 

Option Grants and Stock Awards 

The grant of options and other awards under the 2019
Plan is discretionary, and we cannot determine now the specific number or type of options or awards to be granted in the future to any particular
person or group. 

50 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned as of the date hereof by: 

each of each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; 

all of our directors and current executive officers as a group;
 and 

each of our stockholders who is known by us to beneficially own more
 than 5 of our Common Stock. 

Beneficial ownership is determined based on the rules
and regulations of the Commission. A person has beneficial ownership of shares if such individual has the power to vote and/or dispose
of shares. This power may be sole or shared and direct or indirect. Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based on
the total of 12,726,911 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. In computing the number of shares beneficially
owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of Common Stock that are subject to options or warrants held by
that person and exercisable as of March 31, 2023. These shares, however, are not counted as outstanding for the purposes of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person(s). Except as may be indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable
community property laws, each person named in the table has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of Common Stock
set forth opposite that person s name. Unless indicated below, the address of each individual listed below is c/o Odyssey
Semiconductor Technologies, Inc., 9 Brown Road, Ithaca, NY 14850. 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of class 
 
 Mark Davidson, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

198,125 
 (1) 

1.53 

Laura Krauss, Chief Accounting Officer 

(2) 

Richard J. Brown, Chief Technical Officer and Director 

2,756,251 
 (3) 

21.61 

James R. Shealy, Secretary and Treasurer 

2,763,750 
 (4) 

21.68 

John Edmunds, Chairman of the Board and Director 

3,861,077 
 (5) 

23.48 

Richard Ogawa, Director 

386,667 
 (6) 

2.96 

Michael Thompson, Director 

65,000 
 (7) 

All Executive Officers and Directors (7 persons) 

10,030,870 

58.64 

Greater than 5 Stockholders 

Mark Tompkins 

2,816,033 
 (8) 

22.13 

51 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Includes
(i) options exercisable from April 26, 2023 to purchase an aggregate of 162,500 shares of Common Stock at 1.66 per share; and (ii) options
exercisable from April 26, 2023 to purchase an aggregate of 35,625 shares of Common Stock at 0.96 per share. Does not include the following
the unvested options within 60 days: (i) options to purchase 487,500 shares at 1.66 per share, which were granted by the Board on April
26, 2022; (ii) options to purchase 106,875 shares at 0.96 per share, which were granted by the Board on January 26, 2023; and (iii)
options to purchase 160,000 shares at 0.96 per share, which were granted by the Board on January 26, 2023. 

(2) 
 Does not include the following the unvested options within
60 days: options to purchase 75,000 shares at 0.85 per share, which were granted by the Board on November 15, 2022. 

(3) 
 Includes (i) 2,658,334 shares
of Common Stock issued in connection with the Share Exchange; (ii) 66,667 shares of Common Stock purchased at a private placement in
June 2019; (iii) 6,250 shares of Common Stock purchased at a private placement in March 2021; and (iv) options exercisable from December
30, 2022 to purchase an aggregate of 25,000 shares of Common Stock at 1.77 per share. Does not include the following the unvested options
within 60 days: (i) options to purchase 75,000 shares of Common Stock at 1.77 per share, which were granted by the Board on December
30, 2021; and (ii) options to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.96 per share, which were granted by the Board on January 26,
2023. 

(4) 
 Includes (i) 2,658,333 shares
of Common Stock issued in connection with the Share Exchange; (ii) 66,667 shares of Common Stock purchased at a private placement in
June 2019; (iii) 18,750 shares of Common Stock purchased at a private placement in March 2021; and (iii) options exercisable from December
30, 2022 to purchase an aggregate of 20,000 shares of Common Stock at 1.77 per share. Does not include the following the unvested options
within 60 days: options to purchase 60,000 shares of Common Stock at 1.77 per share, which were granted by the Board on December 30,
2021. 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 141,500 shares of Common Stock purchased on the open market; (ii) options
to purchase an aggregate of 15,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per share; (iii) options to purchase an aggregate of 20,000
shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per share; (iv) options exercisable from June 22, 2022 to purchase 17,561 shares at 2.90
per share; and (v) promissory notes convertible into 3,667,016 of shares of Common Stock as of the date hereof, assuming a convertible
price of 1.02 per share. Does not include the following: (i) options to purchase 52,685 shares of Common Stock at the price of 2.90
per share; and (ii) options to purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per share. 

(6) 
 Includes (i) 16,667 shares
of Common Stock purchased at a private placement in August 2019; (ii) 20,000 shares of Common Stock purchased at a private placement
in March 2021; (iii) options to purchase 275,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.50 per share; (iv) options to purchase 25,000
shares of Common Stock at the price of 3.93 per share; (v) options to purchase 15,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per
share; and (v) options to purchase 35,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per share. Does not include the following the
unvested options within 60 days: (i) options to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock at 3.93 per share; and (ii) options to purchase
5,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per share. 

(7) 
 Includes (i) options
to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.50 per share; (ii) options to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock at
the price of 3.93 per share; and (iii) options to purchase 15,000 shares of Common Stock at the price of 1.77 per share. Does not include
the following the unvested options within 60 days: (i) options to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock at 3.93 per share, half of
which will vest as of June 2, 2022 and the other half June 2, 2023; and (ii) options to purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock at the
price of 1.77 per share. 

(8) 
 Includes (i) 2,741,033 shares
of Common Stock; and (ii) 75,000 shares of Common Stock held by Montrose Capital Partners Limited, over which Mr. Tompkins has voting,
dispositive or investment powers. Mr. Tompkins address is Apt. 1, Via Guidino 23, 6900 Lugano-Paradiso, Switzerland. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Unless described below, during the last two fiscal
years, there are no transactions or series of similar transactions to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 

the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000
 or 1 of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 
 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material
 interest. 

52 

In connection with Mr. John Edmunds s appointment
as a Director and Chairman of Audit Committee of the Company, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Edmunds (i) an annual cash compensation of
 20,000; (ii) a one-time grant on June 22, 2021 of non-qualified stock options under the Company 2019 Equity Compensation Plan to purchase
70,246 shares of Common Stock of the Company at 2.90 per share; (iii) an annual grant of non-qualified stock options under the 2019
Plan to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company that have a value of 60,000, calculated using the fair market value
of Common Stock of the Company as determined by the Board as of the date of grant, with an exercise price equal to the closing bid price
of Common Stock of the Company as of the date of grant; provided that Mr. Edmunds shall have served on the Board for at least six months
prior to the date of grant; and (iv) reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket costs and travel expenses in connection with his attendance
at meetings of the Board and Audit Committee. 

On December 30, 2021, the board of directors approved
the following grants to our officers and directors under the 2019 Plan: (i) 10-year non-qualified stock options to purchase 20,000 shares
of Common Stock at a price of 1.77 per share to each of John Edmunds, Richard Ogawa and Michael Thompson, non-employee directors of
the Company; (ii) 10-year non-qualified stock options to purchase 20,000 shares and 35,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 1.77
per share to John Edmunds (for providing service to the Company as Chairman of the Board) and Richard Ogawa, respectively; and (iii)
5-year options to purchase 100,000 shares and 80,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 1.77 per share to Richard Brown and James
Shealy, respectively. 

In March 2021, the Company sold 1,251,625 shares
of common stock at 4.00 per share for gross proceeds of 5,006,500 in connection with a private placement of securities. The costs associated
with such issuance were 407,445 in cash and warrants to purchase 89,730 shares of Common Stock of the Company with a term of 5 years
and an exercise price of 4.00 per share. An aggregate of 480,000 of proceeds were raised from related parties (including an aggregate
of 430,000 from Alex Behfar s family member, Richard Brown, Richard Ogawa and James Shealy), representing approximately 10 of
the total gross proceeds. 

On August 8, 2022 and December 23, 2022, the Company
issued secured convertible promissory notes in the amounts of 1,250,000 and 2,350,000, respectively, to a family trust of which the
Company s Chairman, John Edmunds, is the trustee. The two Promissory Notes were issued as part of the same private placement. 

53 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES 

Marcum LLP served as the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the last two fiscal years. The following table shows the fees that
were billed for the audit and other services provided to the Company for 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 118,450 
 111,240 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 28,686 
 10,300 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 147,136 
 121,540 

Audit Fees 
This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements
for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of,
the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees 
This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The
services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding the Company s correspondence with the SEC and
other accounting consulting. 

Tax Fees 
This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and
tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees 
This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

54 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 15, 2019, File No. 333- 234741) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 15, 2019, File No. 333- 234741) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on April 8, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. Stock Option Agreement (Employee) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 15, 2019, File No. 333- 234741) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. Stock Option Agreement (Director) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10a to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 15, 2019, File No. 333- 234741) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Offer Letter, dated April 7, 2022, by and between Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. and Mark Davidson (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 file on May 23, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form
 of Secured Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Secured Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Note
 Modification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 15, 2019, File No. 333- 234741) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP (filed herewith) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2022, File No. 333-262640) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Charter of Audit Committee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2022, File No. 333-262640) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Charter of Compensation Committee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2022, File No. 333-262640.) 
 
 99.4 
 
 Charter of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2022, File No. 333-262640.) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

55 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on March 31, 2023. 

ODYSSEY SEMICONDUCTOR TECHNOLOGIES,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Mark
 Davidson 

Name: Mark Davidson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Laura
 Krauss 

Name: Laura Krauss 

Title: Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that we, the undersigned
officers and directors Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Registrant ), do hereby constitute
and appoint Richard Brown as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution,
for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person,
hereby ratifying and confirming that the said attorneys-in-fact and agent, or any of his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated . 

Person 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark
 Davidson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Mark Davidson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Laura
 Krauss 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Laura Krauss 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ John
 Edmunds 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 John Edmunds 

/s/ Richard
 Brown 
 
 Chief Technical Officer
 and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Richard Brown 

/s/ Richard
 Ogawa 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Richard Ogawa 

/s/ Michael
 Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael Thompson 

56 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 e4533_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. on Form S-1 (File no. 333-234741, filed on November 15, 2019, declared
effective on February 14, 2020, and subsequently amended on July 20, 2020 and May 7, 2021) and Form S-1 (File no. 333-257178, filed on
June 17, 2021, and declared effective on June 24, 2021) of our report dated March 31, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as
to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of
Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Our report on the financial statements refers to a
change in the method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of the guidance in ASC Topic 842, Leases, effective January
1, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

 Marcum llp 

 Melville, NY 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 e4533_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark Davidson, Chief Executive Officer of Odyssey
Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark Davidson 

Mark Davidson 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 e4533_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Laura Krauss, Chief Accounting Officer of Odyssey
Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Laura Krauss 

Laura Krauss 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 e4533_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Odyssey
Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Davidson, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the undersigned and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark Davidson 

Mark Davidson 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 e4533_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Odyssey
Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Laura Krauss, Chief Accounting Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the undersigned and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Laura Krauss 

Laura Krauss 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 odii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 odii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 odii-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 odii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

