<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230208_10-K_edgar_data_34903_0000034903-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19771143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>348128</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2681772</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7405106</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4780538</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4244542</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000034903-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230208161324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000034903-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				520782497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07533
		FILM NUMBER:		23599235

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVENUE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3019988100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVENUE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Realty OP LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001901876
		IRS NUMBER:				520782497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-262016-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23599236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVE., SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 998-8313

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 ROSE AVE., SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20852

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000034903-23-000020.txt : 20230208

10-K
 1
 frt-20221231.htm
 10-K

frt-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO THE SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: (Federal Realty Investment Trust) 
 Commission file number: (Federal Realty OP LP) 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its charter) 
 (Federal Realty Investment Trust) 
 (Federal Realty OP LP) 
 (State of Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered .01 par value per share, with associated Common Share Purchase Rights of 5.00 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, .01 par value per share 
 Federal Realty OP LP Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust No 
 Federal Realty OP LP No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust Yes 
 Federal Realty OP LP Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust No 
 Federal Realty OP LP No 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust No 
 Federal Realty OP LP No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Federal Realty OP LP Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Federal Realty Investment Trust Federal Realty OP LP If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Federal Realty Investment Trust Federal Realty OP LP Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Federal Realty Investment Trust Federal Realty OP LP 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust Yes No 
 Federal Realty OP LP Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sales price of the registrant's common shares on June 30, 2022: 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust: billion 
 Federal Realty OP LP: N/A 
 
 The number of Federal Realty Investment Trust's common shares outstanding on February 3, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of Federal Realty Investment Trust s Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held in May 2023 will be incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 
 
 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Federal Realty Investment Trust and Federal Realty OP LP. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Federal Realty Investment Trust," the "Parent Company" or the "Trust" mean Federal Realty Investment Trust; and references to "Federal Realty OP LP" or the "Operating Partnership" mean Federal Realty OP LP. The term "the Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to the Parent Company and its business and operations conducted through its directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. References to "shares" and "shareholders" refer to the shares and shareholders of the Parent Company and not the limited partnership interests for limited partners of the Operating Partnership. 
 The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust ("REIT") that owns 100 of the limited liability company interests of, is the sole member of, and exercises exclusive control over Federal Realty GP LLC (the "General Partner"), which is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company owned 100 of the outstanding partnership units (the "OP Units") in the Operating Partnership. 
 The Company believes combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: 
 Enhances investors' understanding of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the businesses as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 Eliminates duplicate disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation; and 
 Creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. Since the Operating Partnership is managed by the Parent Company, and the Parent Company conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership, the management of the Parent Company consists of the same individuals as the management of the Operating Partnership. 
 We believe it is important to understand the few differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its direct and indirect interest in the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself other than issuing public equity from time to time. The Parent Company is not expected to incur any material indebtedness. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of our assets and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, the Operating Partnership generates all capital required by the Company s business. Sources of this capital include the Operating Partnership s operations, its direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness, and the issuance of partnership units. 
 Stockholders' equity, partner capital, and non-controlling interests are the primary areas of difference between the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership s capital currently includes OP Units owned by the Parent, and may in the future include OP Units owned by third parties. OP Units owned by third parties, if any, are accounted for in capital in the Operating Partnership s financial statements and in non-controlling interests in the Parent Company s financial statements. 
 The Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, while stockholders equity and partners' capital differ as discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. 
 In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are sections in this report that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements (but combined footnotes), separate controls and procedures sections, and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST 
 FEDERAL REALTY OP LP 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1. Business 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 
 Item 2. Properties 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Our Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 
 Item 6. Reserved 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 49 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 50 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 50 
 Item 9B. Other Information 51 
 PART III Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 52 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 52 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 52 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 52 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 52 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 52 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 56 
 SIGNATURES 57 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Federal Realty Investment Trust and Federal Realty OP LP (together, we our or us and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use of words such as may, will, seeks, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, plans, intends, should or similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time, unless required by law. 
 
 The following are some of the risks and uncertainties, although not all risks and uncertainties, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements: 
 
 risks that our tenants will not pay rent, may vacate early or may file for bankruptcy or that we may be unable to renew leases or re-let space at favorable rents as leases expire or to fill existing vacancy; 
 risks that we may not be able to proceed with or obtain necessary approvals for any development, redevelopment or renovation project, and that completion of anticipated or ongoing property development, redevelopment, or renovation projects that we do pursue may cost more, take more time to complete or fail to perform as expected; 
 risks normally associated with the real estate industry, including risks that occupancy levels at our properties and the amount of rent that we receive from our properties may be lower than expected, that new acquisitions may fail to perform as expected, that competition for acquisitions could result in increased prices for acquisitions, that costs associated with the periodic maintenance and repair or renovation of space, insurance and other operations may increase, that environmental issues may develop at our properties and result in unanticipated costs, and, because real estate is illiquid, that we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate; 
 risks that our growth will be limited if we cannot obtain additional capital, or if the costs of capital we obtain are significantly higher than historical levels; 
 risks associated with general economic conditions, including inflation and local economic conditions in our geographic markets; 
 risks of financing on terms which are acceptable to us, our ability to meet existing financial covenants and the limitations imposed on our operations by those covenants, and the possibility of increases in interest rates that would result in increased interest expense; 
 risks related to our status as a real estate investment trust, commonly referred to as a REIT, for federal income tax purposes, such as the existence of complex tax regulations relating to our status as a REIT, the effect of future changes in REIT requirements as a result of new legislation, and the adverse consequences of the failure to qualify as a REIT; and 
 risks related to natural disasters, climate change and public health crises (such as the outbreak and worldwide spread of COVID-19), and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address them, may precipitate or materially exacerbate one or more of the above-mentioned risks, and may significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period. 
 
 In addition, we describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk (Part II, Item 7A), and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7). 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust (the "Parent Company" or the "Trust") is an equity real estate investment trust ("REIT"). Federal Realty OP LP (the "Operating Partnership") is the entity through which the Trust conducts substantially all of its operations and owns substantially off of its assets. The Trust owns 100 of the limited liability company interest of, is sole 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 member of, and exercises exclusive control over Federal Realty GP LLC (the "General Partner"), which in turn, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, "we," "our," and "us" means the Trust and its business and operations conducted through its directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership.The Parent Company specializes in the ownership, management, and redevelopment of high quality retail and mixed-use properties located primarily in communities where we believe retail demand exceeds supply, in strategically selected metropolitan markets in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions of the United States, California, and South Florida. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or had a majority interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-use properties which are operated as 103 predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately 25.8 million square feet. In total, the real estate projects were 94.5 leased and 92.8 occupied at December 31, 2022. Our revenue is primarily generated from lease agreements with tenants. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our dividends per common share for 55 consecutive years. 
 We were founded in 1962 as a REIT under the laws of the District of Columbia and re-formed as a REIT in the state of Maryland in 1999. In January of 2022, we consummated the UPREIT reorganization described in the Explanatory Note at the beginning of this Annual Report. We operate in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes pursuant to provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Our principal executive offices are located at 909 Rose Avenue, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852. Our telephone number is (301) 998-8100. Our website address is www.federalrealty.com . The information contained on our website is not a part of this report and is not incorporated herein by reference. 
 Business Objectives and Strategies 
 Our primary business objective is to own, manage, acquire and redevelop a portfolio of high quality retail focused properties that will: 
 provide increasing cash flow for distribution to shareholders; 
 generate higher internal growth than the shopping center industry over the long term; 
 provide potential for capital appreciation; and 
 protect investor capital. 
 Our portfolio includes, and we continue to acquire and redevelop, high quality retail in many formats ranging from regional, community and neighborhood shopping centers that often are anchored by grocery stores to mixed-use properties that are typically centered around a retail component but also include office, residential and/or hotel components. 
 Operating Strategies 
 We continuously evaluate and assess our operating strategies to ensure they are effective and put us in the best position to address changes in the market. We actively manage our properties to maximize rents and maintain occupancy levels by attracting and retaining a strong and diverse base of tenants and replacing less relevant, weaker, underperforming tenants with stronger ones. Our properties are generally located in some of the most densely populated and affluent areas of the country. These strong demographics help our tenants generate higher sales, which has generally enabled us to maintain higher occupancy rates, charge higher rental rates, and maintain steady rent growth, all of which increase the value of our portfolio. Our operating strategies also include: 
 increasing rental rates through the renewal of expiring leases or the leasing of space to new tenants at higher rental rates while limiting vacancy and down-time; 
 maintaining a diversified tenant base, thereby limiting exposure to any one tenant s financial or operating difficulties; 
 monitoring the merchandising mix of our tenant base to achieve a balance of strong national and regional tenants with local specialty tenants; 
 minimizing overhead and operating costs; 
 monitoring the physical appearance of our properties and the construction quality, condition and design of the buildings and other improvements located on our properties to maximize our ability to attract customers and thereby generate higher rents and occupancy rates; 
 managing our properties to take into account their impact on climate change and their resilience in the face of climate change; 
 developing local and regional market expertise in order to capitalize on market and retailing trends; 
 leveraging the contacts and experience of our management team to build and maintain long-term relationships with tenants; 
 providing exceptional customer service; and 
 creating an experience at many of our properties that is identifiable, unique and serves the surrounding communities to help insulate these properties and the tenants at these properties from the impact of on-line retailing. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Strategies 
 Our investment strategy is to deploy capital at risk-adjusted rates of return that exceed our long-term weighted average cost of capital in projects that have potential for future income growth and increased value. Our investments primarily fall into one of the following four categories: 
 renovating, expanding, reconfiguring and/or retenanting our existing properties to take advantage of under-utilized land or existing square footage to increase revenue; 
 renovating or expanding tenant spaces for tenants capable of producing higher sales, and therefore, paying higher rents; 
 acquiring quality retail and mixed-use properties located in densely populated and/or affluent areas where barriers to entry for further development are high, and that have possibilities for enhancing operating performance and creating value through renovation, expansion, reconfiguration and/or retenanting; and 
 developing the retail portions of mixed-use properties and developing or otherwise investing in non-retail portions of mixed-use properties we already own in order to capitalize on the overall value created in these properties. 
 Investment Criteria 
 When we evaluate potential redevelopment, retenanting, expansion, acquisition and development opportunities, we consider such factors as: 
 the expected returns in relation to our short and long-term cost of capital as well as the anticipated risk we will face in achieving the expected returns; 
 the anticipated growth rate of operating income generated by the property; 
 the ability to increase the long-term value of the property through redevelopment and retenanting; 
 the tenant mix at the property, tenant sales performance and the creditworthiness of those tenants; 
 the geographic area in which the property is located, including the population density, household incomes, education levels, as well as the population and income trends in that geographic area. This may from time to time include the evaluation of new markets; 
 competitive conditions in the vicinity of the property, including gross leasable area (GLA) per capita, competition for tenants and the ability of others to create competing properties through redevelopment, new construction or renovation; 
 access to and visibility of the property from existing roadways and the potential for new, widened or realigned, roadways within the property s trade area, which may affect access and commuting and shopping patterns; 
 the level and success of our existing investments in the market area; 
 the current market value of the land, buildings and other improvements and the potential for increasing those market values; and 
 the physical condition of the land, buildings and other improvements, including the structural and environmental condition. 
 Financing Strategies 
 Our financing strategies are designed to enable us to maintain an investment grade balance sheet while retaining sufficient flexibility to fund our operating and investing activities in the most cost-efficient way possible. Our financing strategies include: 
 maintaining a prudent level of overall leverage and an appropriate pool of unencumbered properties that is sufficient to support our unsecured borrowings; 
 managing our exposure to variable-rate debt; 
 maintaining sufficient levels of cash and available line of credit to fund operating and investing needs on a short-term basis; 
 taking advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt, reduce interest costs and manage our debt maturity schedule so that a significant portion of our debt relative to our size does not mature in any one year; 
 selling properties that have limited growth potential or are not a strategic fit within our overall portfolio and redeploying the proceeds to redevelop, renovate, retenant and/or expand our existing properties, acquire new properties or reduce debt; and 
 utilizing the most advantageous long-term source of capital available to us to finance redevelopment and acquisition opportunities, which may include: 
 the sale of our equity or debt securities through public offerings, including our at-the-market ("ATM") equity program in which we may from time to time offer and sell common shares including through forward sales contracts, or private placements, 
 the incurrence of indebtedness through unsecured or secured borrowings, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 the issuance of units in our operating partnership (generally issued in exchange for a tax deferred contribution of property); these units typically receive the same distributions as our common shares and the holders of these units have the right to exchange their units for cash or common shares at our option, or 
 the use of joint venture arrangements. 
 Human Capital 
 At February 3, 2023, we had 314 full-time employees and 8 part-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative action employer, and strive to maintain a workplace that is free from discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, or protected Veteran status. 
 Health, Safety, and Wellness 
 We are committed to the health, safety, and wellness of our employees, and foster an environment that allows our people to succeed while balancing work and life. We provide our employees with access to health and wellness programs, which includes benefits that support both physical and mental health. We have also transitioned to a hybrid work model. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide competitive pay and benefits including health, dental, vision, short and long-term disability, life insurance and a 401(k) retirement program, as well as a generous paid time off program that includes vacation, sick, and personal leave. In addition to our equity awards program, we also offer a quarterly recognition program, as well as rewarding employees with spot bonuses for stellar performance or going above and beyond the base requirements of their job description. 
 Talent Development 
 Employees have access to a variety of different training courses, books, book summaries and audio books, and an array of source materials covering a myriad of different business and soft skills training subjects. Additionally, we provide reimbursement for tuition and professional licensures. 
 Community Involvement 
 Giving back to the community is an integral part of who we are and what we do. We provide ample ways to give back through programs at our properties or charitable endeavors and volunteer opportunities that also serve as team building exercises for our employees. 
 Tax Status 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the federal income tax laws when we filed our 1962 tax return. As a REIT, we are generally not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our shareholders. Under the Code, REITs are subject to numerous organizational and operational requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least 90 of taxable income each year. We will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income (including, for our taxable years ending on or prior to December 31, 2018, any applicable alternative minimum tax) at regular corporate rates if we fail to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes in any taxable year, or to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our taxable income. We will also generally not qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost. Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to certain state and local income and franchise taxes and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. 
 We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries, which we refer to as a TRS. In general, a TRS may engage in any real estate business and certain non-real estate businesses, subject to certain limitations under the Code. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes. Our TRS activities have not been material. 
 General Economic Conditions and the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The economy continues to face several challenges including higher levels of inflation, rising interest rates, global supply chain bottlenecks and shortages, workforce shortages, a potential recession, and ongoing impacts of COVID-19. We continue to monitor and address these risks; however, the extent of the future effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and growth strategies is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Governmental Regulations Affecting Our Properties 
 We and our properties are subject to a variety of federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and similar laws. Please see Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risk Factors Related to our REIT Status and Other Laws and Regulations" for further discussion of potential material effects of our compliance with government regulation, including environmental regulations and the rules governing REITs. 
 The application of these laws to a specific property that we own depends on a variety of property-specific circumstances, including the current and former uses of the property, the building materials used at the property and the physical layout of the property. Under certain environmental laws, we, as the owner or operator of properties currently or previously owned, may be required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous or toxic substances, asbestos-containing materials, or petroleum product releases at the property, we may be held liable for property damage and for investigation and clean up costs incurred in connection with the contamination, and we may be liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the real estate. Such costs or liabilities could exceed the value of the affected real estate. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. 
 Neither existing environmental, health, safety and similar laws nor the costs of our compliance with these laws has had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe they will in the future. In addition, we have not incurred, and do not expect to incur, any material costs or liabilities due to environmental contamination at properties we currently own or have owned in the past. However, we cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on properties we currently own or may acquire in the future. We have no current plans for substantial capital expenditures with respect to compliance with environmental, health, safety and similar laws and we carry environmental insurance which covers a number of environmental risks for most of our properties. 
 Energy and Emissions Regulations Affecting Our Properties 
 Some jurisdictions in which we own property have enacted or may enact legislation that requires use of only certain types of energy sources, limits energy usage on site, or limits allowable emissions from buildings with fines or other costs being imposed for exceeding those limits. This type of legislation typically includes an extended period of time from adoption to implementation to allow property owners ample opportunity to make investments and take other actions to comply with the legislation. Any investments we believe we will need to make to comply with laws that have been passed to date are being included as part of our ordinary capital improvement planning process for our properties. We also address the potential effects of these types of laws in our energy reduction and energy efficient efforts that are described in more detail in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Corporate Responsibility." These types of laws have not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and management does not believe they will have a material adverse effect in the future. We cannot, however, predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on properties we currently own or may acquire in the future 
 Competition 
 Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us with respect to the leasing and the acquisition of properties. Some of these competitors may possess greater capital resources than we do, although we do not believe that any single competitor or group of competitors in any of the primary markets where our properties are located are dominant in that market. This competition may: 
 reduce the number of properties available for acquisition; 
 increase the cost of properties available for acquisition; 
 interfere with our ability to attract and retain tenants, leading to increased vacancy rates and/or reduced rents; and 
 adversely affect our ability to minimize expenses of operation. 
 Retailers at our properties also face increasing competition from online retailers, outlet stores, discount shopping clubs, superstores, and other forms of sales and marketing of goods and services, such as direct mail. This competition could contribute to lease defaults and insolvency of tenants. 
 Available Information 
 Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act are available free of charge through the Investors section of our website at www.federalrealty.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with, or furnish the material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers, Whistleblower Policy, organizational documents and the charters of our audit committee, compensation and human capital committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are all available in the Corporate Governance section of the Investors section of our website. 
 Amendments to the Code of Ethics or Code of Business Conduct or waivers that apply to any of our executive officers or our senior financial officers will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance section of our website as well. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Also, documents that we incorporate by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including documents that we subsequently file with the SEC will contain forward-looking statements. When we refer to forward-looking statements or information, sometimes we use words such as may, will, could, should, plans, intends, expects, believes, estimates, anticipates and continues. In particular, the below risk factors describe forward-looking information. The risk factors describe risks that may affect these statements but are not all-inclusive, particularly with respect to possible future events. Many things can happen that can cause actual results to be different from those we describe. These factors include, but are not limited to the following: 
 Risk Factors Related to our Real Estate Investments and Operations 
 Revenue from our properties may be reduced or limited if the retail operations of our tenants are not successful. 
 Revenue from our properties depends primarily on the ability of our tenants to pay the full amount of rent and other charges due under their leases on a timely basis. Some of our leases provide for the payment, in addition to base rent, of additional rent above the base amount according to a specified percentage of the gross sales generated by the tenants and generally provide for reimbursement of real estate taxes and expenses of operating the property. Economic, legal, and/or competitive conditions, as well as COVID-19, may impact the success of our tenants retail operations and therefore the amount of rent and expense reimbursements we receive from our tenants. Any reduction in our tenants' abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent, or other charges on a timely basis, including the closing of stores prior to the end of the lease term or the filing by any of our tenants for bankruptcy protection, will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In the event of default by a tenant, we may experience delays and unexpected costs in enforcing our rights as landlord under lease terms, which may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our net income depends on the success and continued presence of our anchor tenants. 
 Our net income could be adversely affected in the event of a downturn in the business, or the bankruptcy or insolvency, of any anchor store or anchor tenant. Anchor tenants generally occupy large amounts of square footage, pay a significant portion of the total rents at a property and contribute to the success of other tenants by drawing significant numbers of customers to a property. The closing of one or more anchor stores at a property could adversely affect that property and result in lease terminations by, or reductions in rent from, other tenants whose leases may permit termination or rent reduction in those circumstances or whose own operations may suffer as a result. Over the past several years, we have seen higher levels of anchor turnover and closings in some markets, which has caused an oversupply of larger retail spaces. Therefore, tenant demand for certain of our anchor spaces may decrease and as a result, we may see an increase in vacancy and/or a decrease in rents for those spaces that could have a negative impact to our net income. As of December 31, 2022, our anchor tenant space is 96.9 leased and 95.6 occupied. 
 
 A shift in retail shopping from brick and mortar stores to online shopping may have an adverse impact on our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many retailers operating brick and mortar stores have made online sales a vital piece of their business. The shift to online shopping may cause declines in brick and mortar sales generated by certain of our tenants and may cause certain of our tenants to reduce the size or number of their retail locations in the future. This risk is partially mitigated by our strategy of maintaining a diverse portfolio of retail properties. The trend of retailers utilizing brick and mortar locations for showroom and on-line sales distribution purposes (particularly at shopping centers in densely populated areas like ours) may further mitigate this risk. However, there can be no assurance that our shopping centers will not be further impacted by the shift to online shopping. As a result, our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We have properties that are geographically concentrated, and adverse economic or real estate market declines in these areas could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our tenants operated in 12 states and the District of Columbia. Any adverse situation that disproportionately affects the the markets where our properties are concentrated may have a magnified adverse effect on our portfolio. Refer to Properties (Item 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) for additional discussion of the geographic concentration. Real estate markets are subject to economic downturns, as they have been in the past, and we cannot predict how economic conditions will impact this market in both the short and long term. 
 Declines in the economy or a decline in the real estate market in these states could hurt our financial performance and the value of our properties. Factors that may negatively affect economic conditions in these states include: 
 
 business layoffs or downsizing; 
 industry slowdowns; 
 elevated levels of inflation over an extended period of time; 
 increasing interest rates; 
 increased business restrictions due to health crises; 
 relocations of businesses; 
 changing demographics; 
 increased telecommuting and use of alternative work places; 
 infrastructure quality; 
 any oversupply of, or reduced demand for, real estate; 
 concessions or reduced rental rates under new leases for properties where tenants defaulted; and 
 increased operating costs including insurance premiums and real estate taxes. 
 We may be unable to collect balances due from tenants that file for bankruptcy protection. 
 If a tenant or lease guarantor files for bankruptcy, we may not be able to collect all pre-petition amounts owed by that party. In addition, a tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may terminate our lease in which event we would have a general unsecured claim that would likely be for less than the full amount owed to us for the remainder of the lease term, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may experience difficulty or delay in renewing leases or re-leasing space. 
 We derive most of our revenue directly or indirectly from rent received from our tenants. We are subject to the risks that, upon expiration or termination of leases, whether by their terms, as a result of a tenant bankruptcy, general economic conditions or otherwise, leases for space in our properties may not be renewed, space may not be re-leased, or the terms of renewal or re-lease, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than current lease terms and may include decreases in rental rates. As a result, our net income could be reduced. 
 Our development activities have inherent risks. 
 The ground-up development of improvements on real property, as opposed to the renovation and redevelopment of existing improvements, presents substantial risks. We generally do not look to acquire raw land for future development; however, we do intend to complete the development and construction of future phases of projects we already own. We may undertake development of these and other projects on our own or bring in third parties if it is justifiable on a risk-adjusted return basis. We may also choose to delay completion of a project if market conditions do not allow an appropriate return. If conditions arise and we are not able or decide not to complete a project or if the expected cash flows of our project do not exceed the book value, an impairment of the project may be required. If additional phases of any of our existing projects or if any new projects are not successful, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to the risks associated with real estate investment in general, as described elsewhere and the specific risks above, the risks associated with our remaining development activities include: 
 contractor changes may delay the completion of development projects and increase overall costs; 
 significant time lag between commencement and stabilization subjects us to greater risks due to fluctuations in the general economy; 
 delivery of residential product into uncertain residential environments may result in lower rents or longer time periods to reach economic stabilization; 
 substantial amount of our investment is related to infrastructure and the overall value of the project may be negatively impacted if we do not complete subsequent phases; 
 failure or inability to obtain construction or permanent financing on favorable terms; 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 expenditure of money and time on projects that may never be completed; 
 difficulty securing key anchor or other tenants may impact occupancy rates and projected revenue; 
 inability to achieve projected rental rates or anticipated pace of lease-up; 
 higher than estimated construction or operating costs, including labor and material costs; and 
 possible delay in completion of a project because of a number of factors, including COVID-19, supply chain disruptions and shortages, inflation, weather, labor disruptions, construction delays or delays in receipt of zoning or other regulatory approvals, acts of terror or other acts of violence, or acts of God (such as fires, earthquakes or floods). 
 Redevelopments and acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. 
 Our investment strategy includes the redevelopment and acquisition of high quality, retail focused properties in densely populated areas with high average household incomes and significant barriers to adding competitive retail supply. The redevelopment and acquisition of properties entail risks that include the following, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations: 
 our estimate of the costs to improve, reposition or redevelop a property may prove to be too low, or the time we estimate to complete the improvement, repositioning or redevelopment may be too short. As a result, the property may fail to achieve the returns we have projected, either temporarily or for a longer period; 
 we may not be able to identify suitable properties to acquire or may be unable to complete the acquisition of the properties we identify; 
 we may not be able to integrate an acquisition into our existing operations successfully; 
 properties we redevelop or acquire may fail to achieve the occupancy or rental rates we project, within the time frames we project, at the time we make the decision to invest, which may result in the properties failure to achieve the returns we projected; 
 our pre-acquisition evaluation of the physical condition of each new investment may not detect certain defects or identify necessary repairs until after the property is acquired, which could significantly increase our total acquisition costs or decrease cash flow from the property; and 
 our investigation of a property or building prior to our acquisition, and any representations we may receive from the seller of such building or property, may fail to reveal various liabilities, which could reduce the cash flow from the property or increase our acquisition cost. 
 Our performance and value are subject to general risks associated with the real estate industry. 
 Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently, the value of our investments, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our shareholders will be adversely affected. As a real estate company, we are susceptible to the following real estate industry risks: 
 economic downturns in general, or in the areas where our properties are located; 
 adverse changes in local real estate market conditions, such as an oversupply or reduction in demand; 
 changes in tenant preferences that reduce the attractiveness of our properties to tenants; 
 zoning or regulatory restrictions; 
 decreases in market rental rates; 
 weather conditions that may increase or decrease energy costs and other weather-related expenses; 
 costs associated with the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; and 
 increases in the cost of adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, associated with one or more properties, which may occur even when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in revenues from one or more properties, although real estate taxes typically do not increase upon a reduction in such revenues. 
 Each of these risks could result in decreases in market rental rates and increases in vacancy rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 
 Many real estate costs are fixed, even if income from our properties decreases. 
 Our financial results depend primarily on leasing space in our properties to tenants on terms favorable to us. Costs associated with real estate investment, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced even when a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, or other circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. As a result, cash flow from the operations of our properties may be reduced if a tenant does not pay its rent or we are unable to rent our properties on favorable terms. Under those circumstances, we might not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and may incur substantial legal costs. Additionally, new properties that we may acquire or redevelop may not produce 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 any significant revenue immediately, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with such new properties until they are fully occupied. 
 Competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties and generate sufficient income from tenants. 
 Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties and properties for acquisition. This competition may: 
 reduce properties available for acquisition; 
 increase the cost of properties available for acquisition; 
 reduce rents payable to us; 
 interfere with our ability to attract and retain tenants; 
 lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties; and 
 adversely affect our ability to minimize expenses of operation. 
 Retailers at our properties also face increasing competition from online retailers, outlet stores, discount shopping clubs and other forms of sales and marketing of goods, such as direct mail. This competition could contribute to lease defaults and insolvency of tenants. If we are unable to continue to attract appropriate retail tenants to our properties, or to purchase new properties in our geographic markets, it could materially affect our ability to generate net income, service our debt and make distributions to our shareholders. 
 We may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. 
 Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, there are some limitations under federal income tax laws applicable to real estate and to REITs in particular that may limit our ability to sell our assets. We may not be able to alter our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions including being unable to sell a property at a return we believe is appropriate due to the economic environment. Our inability to respond quickly to adverse changes in the performance of our investments could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations and make distributions to our shareholders. 
 We may have limited flexibility in dealing with our jointly owned investments. 
 Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of funds that we may invest in properties and assets owned jointly with other persons or entities. As of December 31, 2022, we held 20 predominantly retail real estate projects jointly with other persons in addition to properties owned in a downREIT structure. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we owned an interest in the hotel component of Assembly Row. We may make additional joint investments in the future. Our existing and future joint investments may subject us to special risks, including the possibility that our partners or co-investors might become bankrupt, that those partners or co-investors might have economic or other business interests or goals which are unlike or incompatible with our business interests or goals, that those partners or co-investors might be in a position to take action contrary to our suggestions or instructions, or in opposition to our policies or objectives, and that disputes may develop with our joint venture partners over decisions affecting the property or the joint venture, which may result in litigation or arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. Although as of December 31, 2022, we held the controlling interests in all of our existing co-investments (except the hotel investment discussed above, the investment in the La Alameda shopping center acquired in 2017, the investment in the Chandler Festival and Chandler Gateway shopping centers acquired in 2022 (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements), and our Escondido Promenade shopping center (as discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements), we generally must obtain the consent of the co-investor or meet defined criteria to sell or to finance these properties. Joint ownership gives a third party the opportunity to influence the return we can achieve on some of our investments and may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. We may also be liable for the actions of our co-investors. 
 Our insurance coverage on our properties may be inadequate. 
 We currently carry comprehensive insurance on all of our properties, including insurance for liability, fire, flood, earthquake, environmental matters, rental loss and acts of terrorism. All of these policies contain coverage limitations. We believe these coverages are of the types and amounts customarily obtained for or by an owner of similar types of real property assets located in the areas where our properties are located. We intend to obtain similar insurance coverage on subsequently acquired properties. 
 The availability of insurance coverage may decrease and the prices for insurance may increase as a consequence of significant losses incurred by the insurance industry and other factors outside our control. As a result, we may be unable to renew or duplicate our current insurance coverage in adequate amounts or at reasonable prices. In addition, insurance companies may no longer offer coverage against certain types of losses, such as losses due to terrorist acts, pandemics, and toxic mold, or, if 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 offered, the expense of obtaining these types of insurance may not be justified. We therefore may cease to have insurance coverage against certain types of losses and/or there may be decreases in the limits of insurance available. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of our insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, but still remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We cannot guarantee that material losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future. If any of our properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Also, due to inflation, changes in codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, it may not be feasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a building after it has been damaged or destroyed. Further, we may be unable to collect insurance proceeds if our insurers are unable to pay or contest a claim. Events such as these could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations, including distributions to our shareholders. 
 Natural disasters, climate change and health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating results. 
 Climate change may add to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters and severe weather conditions and create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. Certain of our operations are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, snow storms, floods and fires. The impact of climate change or the occurrence of natural disasters can delay new development projects, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase operating costs, create additional investment costs to make improvements to existing properties to comply with climate change regulations, increase future property insurance costs, and negatively impact the tenant demand for space. If insurance is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable terms, or if our insurance is not adequate to cover business interruption or losses from these events, our earnings, liquidity or capital resources could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our business is subject to risks related to the effects of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including the 
 COVID-19 pandemic. Such events could: 
 inhibit global, national and local economic activity; 
 drive inflation, adversely affect trading activity in securities markets, which could negatively impact the trading prices of our common shares and debt securities and our ability to access the securities markets as a source of liquidity; 
 adversely affect our tenants financial condition by limiting foot traffic and staffing at their businesses, which could affect their ability to pay rent and willingness to make new leasing commitments; 
 reduce our cash flow, which could impact our ability to pay dividends at the current rate and in the current format or at all or to service our debt; 
 temporarily or permanently reduce the demand for retail or office space; 
 interfere with our business operations by requiring our personnel to work remotely; 
 increase the frequency of cyber-attacks; 
 disrupt supply chains that could be important in our development and redevelopment activities; 
 result in labor shortages; 
 interfere with potential purchases and sales of properties; 
 impact our ability to pay dividends at the current rate and in the current format or at all; and 
 have other direct and indirect effects that are difficult to predict. 
 Such risks depend upon the nature and severity of the public health concern, as well as the extent and duration of government-mandated orders and personal decisions to limit travel, economic activity and personal interaction, none of which can be predicted with confidence. In particular, we cannot predict the impact of stay-at-home and other government orders instituted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which vary by jurisdiction, or the pandemics' short and long term economic effects, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 An increased focus on metrics and reporting related to corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 Investors and other stakeholders have become more focused on understanding how companies address a variety of ESG factors. Many of those investors and shareholders look to ESG rating systems, or disclosure frameworks that have been developed by third party groups to allow comparisons between companies on ESG factors as they evaluate investment decisions as well as to company disclosures. 
 Although we participate in many of these ratings systems, or disclosure frameworks, and generally score relatively well in those in which we do participate, we do not participate in, and would not necessarily score well in, all of the available ratings systems. Further, the criteria used in these ratings systems change frequently, and we cannot guaranty that we will be able to score well as criteria change. We supplement our participation in ratings systems with corporate disclosures of our ESG activities but many investors and stakeholders may look for specific disclosures that we do not provide. Failure to participate in 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 certain of the third party ratings systems, failure to score well in those ratings systems or failure to provide certain ESG disclosures could result in reputational harm when investors or others compare us against similar companies in our industry and could cause certain investors to be unwilling to invest in our stock which could adversely impact our ability to raise capital. 
 For more information about the Trust's Corporate Responsibility initiatives, see Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Corporate Responsibility." 
 
 Risk Factors Related to our Funding Strategies and Capital Structure 
 The amount of debt we have and the restrictions imposed by that debt could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4.3 billion of debt outstanding. Of that outstanding debt, approximately 322.3 million was secured by all or a portion of 7 of our real estate projects. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 86.2 of our debt is fixed rate or is fixed via interest rate swap agreements, which includes all of our property secured debt and our unsecured senior notes. Our organizational documents do not limit the level or amount of debt that we may incur. The amount of our debt outstanding from time to time could have important consequences to our shareholders. For example, it could: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, property acquisitions, redevelopments and other appropriate business opportunities that may arise in the future; 
 limit our ability to make distributions on our outstanding common shares and preferred shares; 
 make it difficult to satisfy our debt service requirements; 
 require us to dedicate increased amounts of our cash flow from operations to payments on debt upon refinancing or on our variable rate, unhedged debt, if interest rates rise; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the factors that affect the profitability of our business; 
 limit our ability to obtain any additional debt or equity financing we may need in the future for working capital, debt refinancing, capital expenditures, acquisitions, redevelopments or other general corporate purposes or to obtain such financing on favorable terms; and/or 
 limit our flexibility in conducting our business, which may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt or debt with less restrictive terms. 
 Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness will depend primarily on our future performance, which to a certain extent is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt or meet our other cash needs. If we are unable to generate this cash flow from our business, we may be required to refinance all or a portion of our existing debt, sell assets or obtain additional financing to meet our debt obligations and other cash needs, including the payment of dividends required to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust. We cannot assure you that any such refinancing, sale of assets or additional financing would be possible on terms that we would find acceptable. 
 We are obligated to comply with financial and other covenants pursuant to our debt obligations that could restrict our operating activities, and the failure to comply with such covenants could result in defaults that accelerate payment under our debt agreements. 
 Our revolving credit facility, unsecured term loan, and certain series of notes include financial covenants that may limit our operating activities in the future. We are also required to comply with additional covenants that include, among other things, provisions: 
 relating to the maintenance of property securing a mortgage; 
 restricting our ability to pledge assets or create liens; 
 restricting our ability to incur additional debt; 
 restricting our ability to amend or modify existing leases at properties securing a mortgage; 
 restricting our ability to enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 restricting our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our default related financial covenants. If we were to breach any of our default related debt covenants, including the covenants listed above, and did not cure the breach within any applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt immediately, and, if the debt is secured, could immediately begin proceedings to take possession of the property securing the loan. Many of our debt arrangements, including our public notes and our revolving credit facility, are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can put us in 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 default and require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other debt obligations. As a result, any default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations and the market value of our shares. 
 Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. 
 Our credit worthiness is rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings assigned are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we access, as well as the terms of certain existing and future financing we obtain. Since we depend on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit rating, including actual changes in outlook, or even the initiation of review of our credit rating that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our ability to grow will be limited if we cannot obtain additional capital. 
 Our growth strategy is focused on the development and redevelopment of properties we already own and the acquisition of additional properties. We believe that it will be difficult to fund our expected growth with cash from operating activities because, in addition to other requirements, we are generally required to distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our taxable income each year to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. As a result, we must rely primarily upon the availability of debt or equity capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Debt could include the sale of debt securities and mortgage loans from third parties. If economic conditions and conditions in the capital markets are not favorable at the time we need to raise capital, we may need to obtain capital on less favorable terms. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that additional financing, refinancing or other capital will be available in the amounts we desire or on favorable terms. Our access to debt or equity capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of our growth potential and risk profile, our ability to pay dividends, and our current and potential future earnings. Depending on the outcome of these factors as well as the impact of the economic environment, we could experience delay or difficulty in implementing our growth strategy on satisfactory terms, or be unable to implement this strategy. 
 Rising interest rates could adversely affect our cash flow and the market price of our outstanding debt and preferred shares. 
 Of our 4.3 billion of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, approximately 655.1 million bears interest at a variable rate, of which, 600.0 million is our unsecured term loan that bears interest at a variable rate of SOFR plus 85 basis points plus 0.10 , and 55.1 million in mortgages payable that bear interest at a variable rate of LIBOR plus 195 basis points and are effectively fixed through two interest rate swap agreements. We also have a 1.25 billion revolving credit facility, on which no balance was outstanding at December 31, 2022, that bears interest at SOFR plus 77.5 basis points, plus 0.10 . We may borrow additional funds at variable interest rates in the future. Increases in interest rates would increase the interest expense on our variable rate debt and reduce our cash flow, which could adversely affect our ability to service our debt and meet our other obligations and also could reduce the amount we are able to distribute to our shareholders. We may enter into additional hedging arrangements or other transactions for all or a portion of our variable rate debt to limit our exposure to rising interest rates. However, the amounts we are required to pay under variable rate debt to which hedging or similar arrangements relate may increase in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any such hedging arrangements. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our debt securities and preferred shares to demand a higher annual yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our outstanding debt securities and preferred shares and the cost and/or timing of refinancing or issuing additional debt securities or preferred shares. 
 Risk Factors Related to our REIT Status and Other Laws and Regulations 
 Environmental laws and regulations could reduce the value or profitability of our properties. 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating to hazardous materials, environmental protection and human health and safety. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we and our tenants may be responsible for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances released on or in properties we own or operate, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). This liability may be imposed whether or not we knew about, or were responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. Further, the presence of contamination on our properties or the failure to properly remediate contamination at any of our properties may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease those properties or to borrow funds by using those properties as collateral. The costs or liabilities could exceed the value of the affected real estate. We are not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 properties that management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations taken as a whole. 
 
 In addition, changes in government legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our development or redevelopment projects without a corresponding increase in revenues, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 could require us to take remedial steps with respect to existing or newly acquired properties. 
 Our existing properties, as well as properties we may acquire, as commercial facilities, are required to comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Investigation of a property may reveal non-compliance with this Act. The requirements of this Act, or of other federal, state or local laws or regulations, also may change in the future and restrict further renovations of our properties with respect to access for disabled persons. Future compliance with this Act may require expensive changes to the properties. 
 The revenues generated by our tenants could be negatively affected by various federal, state and local laws to which they are subject. 
 We and our tenants are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations, such as local licensing requirements, consumer protection laws and state and local fire, life-safety and similar requirements that affect the use of the properties. The leases typically require that each tenant comply with all laws and regulations. Failure to comply could result in fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants, or restrictions on the ability to conduct business on such properties. Non-compliance of this sort could reduce our revenues from a tenant, could require us to pay penalties or fines relating to any non-compliance, and could adversely affect our ability to sell or lease a property. 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes would cause the Parent Company to be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment of distributions. 
 We believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and currently intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code. However, we cannot assure you that we will remain qualified as such in the future. 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions and applicable income tax regulations that have been issued under the Code. Certain facts and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95 of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying rents and certain other income. Satisfying this requirement could be difficult, for example, if defaults by tenants were to reduce the amount of income from qualifying rents. As a REIT, we must generally make annual distributions to shareholders of at least 90 of our taxable income. In addition, new legislation, new regulations, new administrative interpretations or new court decisions may significantly change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. Any modification in the tax treatment of REITs could have a significant adverse impact to our net income. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT: 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to shareholders in computing taxable income; 
 we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 
 unless we are entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified; 
 we could be required to pay significant income taxes, which would substantially reduce the funds available for investment or for distribution to our shareholders for each year in which we failed or were not permitted to qualify; and 
 we would no longer be required by law to make any distributions to our shareholders. 
 To maintain our status as a REIT, we limit the amount of shares any one shareholder of the Parent Company can own. 
 The Code imposes certain limitations on the ownership of the stock of a REIT. For example, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code) during the last half of any taxable year. To protect our REIT status, the Parent Company's declaration of trust prohibits any one shareholder from owning (actually or constructively) more than 9.8 in value of the outstanding common shares or of any class or series of outstanding preferred shares. The constructive ownership rules are complex. Shares of the Parent Company's capital 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 stock owned, actually or constructively, by a group of related individuals and/or entities may be treated as constructively owned by one of those individuals or entities. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 in value of the outstanding common shares and/or a class or series of preferred shares (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns common shares or preferred shares) by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity (or another) to own constructively more than 9.8 in value of the outstanding capital stock. If that happens, either the transfer of ownership would be void or the shares would be transferred to a charitable trust and then sold to someone who can own those shares without violating the 9.8 ownership limit. 
 The Board of Trustees may waive these restrictions on a case-by-case basis. In addition, the Board of Trustees and two-thirds of our shareholders eligible to vote at a shareholder meeting may remove these restrictions if they determine it is no longer in our best interests for the Parent Company to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. The 9.8 ownership restrictions may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of our control that might involve a premium price for the common shares or otherwise be in the shareholders best interest. 
 Legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs, including positions taken by the IRS, could have a material adverse effect on us and our investors. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, and by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury ). Changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof by the IRS and the Treasury, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect us and our investors. No prediction can be made as to the likelihood of passage of new tax legislation or other provisions, or the direct or indirect effect on us and our shareholders. Accordingly, such new legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify to be taxed as a REIT and/or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification. 
 Certain tax and anti-takeover provisions of the Parent Company's declaration of trust and bylaws, and certain restrictions in the Partnership's limited partnership agreement, may inhibit a change of our control. 
 Certain provisions contained in the Parent Company's declaration of trust and bylaws and the Maryland General Corporation Law, as applicable to Maryland REITs, may discourage a third party from making a tender offer or acquisition proposal to us. If this were to happen, it could delay, deter or prevent a change in control or the removal of existing management. These provisions also may delay or prevent the shareholders from receiving a premium for their common shares over then-prevailing market prices. These provisions include: 
 the REIT ownership limit described above; 
 authorization of the issuance of our preferred shares with powers, preferences or rights to be determined by the Board of Trustees; 
 special meetings of our shareholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, by one-third of the trustees or by shareholders possessing no less than 25 of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting; 
 the Board of Trustees, without a shareholder vote, can classify or reclassify unissued shares of beneficial interest, including the reclassification of common shares into preferred shares and vice-versa; 
 a two-thirds shareholder vote is required to approve some amendments to the declaration of trust; and 
 advance-notice requirements for proposals to be presented at shareholder meetings. 
 In addition, if we elect to be governed by it in the future, the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Law could delay or prevent a change in control. Under Maryland law, unless a REIT elects not to be subject to this law, control shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by shareholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquirer and by officers or trustees who are employees of the REIT. Control shares are voting shares that would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing trustees within specified ranges of voting power. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, with some exceptions. 
 The Parent Company's bylaws state that the Maryland control share acquisition law will not apply to any acquisition by any person of our common shares. This bylaw provision may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares, by a vote of a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote, and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 In addition, certain provisions in the Partnership s limited partnership agreement (the Partnership Agreement may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes in our control. These provisions could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or change of our control, although some shareholders might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. These provisions also make it more difficult for third parties to alter the management structure of the Partnership without the concurrence of our Board of Trustees. These provisions include, among others: 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 redemption rights of limited partners and certain assignees of units of limited partnership interest ("OP Units"); 
 transfer restrictions on OP Units and restrictions on admissions of partners; 
 a requirement that the General Partner may not be removed as the general partner of the Partnership without its consent; 
 the ability of the General Partner to issue preferred partnership interests in the Partnership with terms that it may determine, without the approval or consent of any Limited Partner; and 
 restrictions on the ability of the General Partner, the Partnership or the Parent Company to transfer its interests in the Partnership or otherwise engage in certain extraordinary transactions, including, among others, certain mergers, business combinations, sales of all or substantially all of their assets and recapitalizations. 
 We may be required to incur additional debt to qualify as a REIT. 
 As a REIT, we must generally make annual distributions to shareholders of at least 90 of our taxable income. We are subject to income tax on amounts of undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, we would be subject to a 4 excise tax if we fail to distribute sufficient income to meet a minimum distribution test based on our ordinary income, capital gain and aggregate undistributed income from prior years. We intend to make distributions to shareholders to comply with the Code s distribution provisions and to avoid federal income and excise tax. We may need to borrow funds to meet our distribution requirements because: 
 our income may not be matched by our related expenses at the time the income is considered received for purposes of determining taxable income; and 
 non-deductible capital expenditures, creation of reserves, or debt service requirements may reduce available cash but not taxable income. 
 In these circumstances, we might have to borrow funds on terms we might otherwise find unfavorable and we may have to borrow funds even if our management believes the market conditions make borrowing financially unattractive. Current tax law also allows us to pay a portion of our distributions in shares instead of cash. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 The market value of our debt and equity securities is subject to various factors that may cause significant fluctuations or volatility. 
 As with other publicly traded securities, the market price of our debt and equity securities depends on various factors, which may change from time to time and/or may be unrelated to our financial condition, operating performance or prospects that may cause significant fluctuations or volatility in such prices. These factors include, among others: 
 general economic and financial market conditions; 
 level and trend of interest rates; 
 our ability to access the capital markets to raise additional capital; 
 the issuance of additional equity or debt securities; 
 changes in our funds from operations FFO or earnings estimates; 
 changes in our credit or analyst ratings; 
 our financial condition and performance; 
 market perception of our business compared to other REITs; and 
 market perception of REITs, in general, compared to other investment alternatives. 
 We cannot assure you we will continue to pay dividends in the current composition or at historical rates. 
 Our ability to continue to pay dividends on our common shares at historical rates or to increase our common share dividend rate, and our ability to pay preferred share dividends and service our debt securities, will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 our financial condition and results of future operations; 
 the performance by our tenants under their contractual lease agreements; 
 the terms of our loan covenants; and 
 our ability to acquire, finance, develop or redevelop and lease additional properties at attractive rates. 
 If we do not maintain or increase, or if we change the composition of the dividend on our common shares, it could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares and other securities. Any preferred shares we may offer in the future may have a fixed dividend rate that would not increase with any increases in the dividend rate of our common shares. Conversely, payment of dividends on our common shares may be subject to payment in full of the dividends on any preferred shares and payment of interest on any debt securities we may offer. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 The Parent Company is a holding company with no direct operations, and it will rely on funds received from the Partnership to pay its obligations and make distributions to its shareholders. 
 The Parent Company is a holding company and expects to conduct substantially all of its operations through the Partnership. The Parent Company will not have, apart from an interest in the Partnership, any independent operations. As a result, the Parent Company will rely on distributions from the Partnership to make any distributions we declare on our common shares. The Parent Company will also rely on distributions from the Partnership to meet its obligations, including any tax liability on taxable income allocated to the Parent Company from the Partnership. Through its ownership and control of the General Partner, the Parent Company exercises exclusive control over the Partnership, including the authority to cause the Partnership to make distributions, subject to certain limited approval and voting rights of the Partnership s Limited Partners as described in the Partnership Agreement. In addition, because the Parent Company is a holding company, your claims as shareholders are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations to preferred equity holders of the Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or reorganization of the Partnership or its subsidiaries, assets of the Partnership or the applicable subsidiary will be available to satisfy any claims of our shareholders only after such liabilities and obligations have been satisfied in full. 
 We currently own 100 of the OP Units issued by the Partnership and are its sole Limited Partner. However, in connection with our future acquisition activities or otherwise, we may issue additional OP Units to third parties and admit additional Limited Partners. Such issuances would reduce the Parent Company s percentage ownership in the Partnership. 
 
 Loss of our key management could adversely affect performance and the value of our common shares. 
 We are dependent on the efforts of our key management. Although we believe qualified replacements could be found for any departures of key executives, the loss of their services could adversely affect our performance and the value of our common shares. 
 
 We may adjust our business policies without shareholder approval. 
 We may modify our approach to investment, financing, borrowing, and other operating strategies without shareholder approval. A change in the approach to any of these items could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and the market price of our securities. 
 Our current business plan focuses on our investment in high quality retail based properties that are typically neighborhood and community shopping centers or mixed-use properties, principally through redevelopments and acquisitions. If this business plan is not successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that we make, including those in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as may be required by law, we make no promise to update any of the forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should carefully review the above risks and the risk factors. 
 We face risks relating to cyber attacks that could cause loss of confidential information and other business disruptions. 
 We rely extensively on information technology systems to process transactions and manage our business, and our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cyber attacks. These could include attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and computer systems as well as attacks on third party's information technology systems that we rely on to provide important information technology services relating to key business functions, such as payroll. Attacks can be both individual and/or highly organized attempts by very sophisticated hacking organizations. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, which include password encryption, multi-factor authentication, frequent password change events, firewall detection systems, anti-virus software in-place, frequent backups, a redundant data system for core applications and penetration testing; however, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber attack. A cyber attack could compromise the confidential information of our employees, tenants and vendors. A successful attack could disrupt and otherwise adversely affect our business operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 General 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned or had a majority ownership interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-used properties which are operated as 103 predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately 25.8 million square feet. These properties are located primarily in densely populated and affluent communities in strategic metropolitan markets in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, California, and South Florida. No single commercial or residential property accounted for over 10 of our 2022 total revenue. We believe that our properties are adequately covered by commercial general liability, fire, flood, earthquake, terrorism and business interruption insurance provided by reputable companies, with commercially reasonable exclusions, deductibles and limits. 
 Tenant Diversification 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 3,300 commercial leases and 3,000 residential leases, with tenants ranging from sole proprietors to major national and international retailers. No one tenant or affiliated group of tenants accounted for more than 2.8 of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. As a result of our tenant diversification, we believe our exposure to any one bankruptcy filing has not been and will not be significant, however, multiple filings by a number of tenants could have a significant impact. 
 Geographic Diversification 
 Our 103 real estate projects are located in 12 states and the District of Columbia. The following table shows the number of projects, the gross leasable area GLA of commercial space and the percentage of total portfolio gross leasable area of commercial space in each state as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 State Number of Projects Gross Leasable Area Percentage of Gross Leasable Area (In square feet) California (1) 21 6,385,000 24.7 Maryland 17 4,346,000 16.8 Virginia 19 4,094,000 15.9 Pennsylvania 10 1,996,000 7.7 Massachusetts 7 2,184,000 8.5 New Jersey 7 1,891,000 7.3 Florida 4 1,281,000 5.0 New York 7 1,236,000 4.8 Illinois 4 799,000 3.1 Arizona 2 947,000 3.7 Connecticut 3 358,000 1.4 Michigan 1 215,000 0.8 District of Columbia 1 78,000 0.3 Total 103 25,810,000 100.0 
 (1) Includes our 77.7 pro-rata share of Escondido Promenade, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Leases, Lease Terms and Lease Expirations 
 Our leases are classified as operating leases and typically are structured to require the monthly payment of minimum rents in advance, subject to periodic increases during the term of the lease, percentage rents based on the level of sales achieved by tenants, and reimbursement of a majority of on-site operating expenses and real estate taxes. These features in our leases generally reduce our exposure to higher costs and allow us to participate in improved tenant sales. 
 Commercial property leases generally range from three to ten years; however, certain leases, primarily with anchor tenants, may be longer. Many of our leases contain tenant options that enable the tenant to extend the term of the lease at expiration at pre-established rental rates that often include fixed rent increases, consumer price index adjustments or other market rate adjustments from the prior base rent. Leases on residential units are generally for a period of one year or less and, in 2022, represented approximately 9.7 of total rental income. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the schedule of lease expirations for our commercial leases in place as of December 31, 2022 for each of the 10 years beginning with 2023 and after 2032 in the aggregate assuming that none of the tenants exercise future renewal options. Annualized base rents reflect in-place contractual rents as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Year of Lease Expiration Leased Square Footage Expiring Percentage of Leased Square Footage Expiring Annualized Base Rent Represented by Expiring Leases Percentage of Annualized Base Rent Represented by Expiring Leases 2023 1,600,000 7 50,078,000 7 2024 3,288,000 14 93,999,000 13 2025 3,392,000 14 90,135,000 12 2026 2,221,000 9 71,066,000 10 2027 2,987,000 12 100,035,000 14 2028 2,549,000 11 74,476,000 10 2029 1,707,000 7 57,460,000 8 2030 985,000 4 29,051,000 4 2031 1,042,000 4 35,049,000 5 2032 2,081,000 9 68,078,000 9 Thereafter 2,090,000 9 57,455,000 8 Total 23,942,000 100 726,882,000 100 
 During 2022, we signed leases for a total of 2,048,000 square feet of retail space including 1,985,000 square feet of comparable space leases (leases for which there was a prior tenant) at an average rental increase of 6 on a cash basis. New leases for comparable spaces were signed for 757,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 8 on a cash basis. Renewals for comparable spaces were signed for 1,228,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 4 on a cash basis. Tenant improvements and incentives for comparable spaces were 31.65 per square foot, of which, 75.12 per square foot was for new leases and 4.86 per square foot was for renewals in 2022. 
 During 2021, we signed leases for a total of 2,193,000 square feet of retail space including 2,093,000 square feet of comparable space leases (leases for which there was a prior tenant) at an average rental increase of 7 on a cash basis. New leases for comparable spaces were signed for 1,144,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 10 on a cash basis. Renewals for comparable spaces were signed for 949,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 3 on a cash basis. Tenant improvements and incentives for comparable spaces were 37.57 per square foot, of which, 65.92 per square foot was for new leases and 3.41 per square foot was for renewals in 2021. 
 The rental increases associated with comparable spaces generally include all leases signed for retail space in arms-length transactions reflecting market leverage between landlords and tenants during the period. The comparison between the rent for expiring leases and new leases is determined by including contractual rent on the expiring lease, including percentage rent, and the comparable annual rent and in some instances, projections of percentage rent, to be paid on the new lease. In atypical circumstances, management may exercise judgment as to how to most effectively reflect the comparability of rents reported in the calculation. The change in rental income on comparable space leases is impacted by numerous factors including current market rates, location, individual tenant creditworthiness, use of space, market conditions when the expiring lease was signed, capital investment made in the space and the specific lease structure. Rent abatement and short term rent restructuring agreements that are a result of COVID-19 impacts are not included in this calculation. Tenant improvements and incentives include the total dollars committed for the improvement (fit out) of a space as it relates to a specific lease. Incentives include amounts paid to tenants as an inducement to sign a lease that do not represent building improvements. Costs related to tenant improvements require judgement by management in determining what are costs specific to the tenant and not deferred maintenance on the space. 
 
 Historically, we have executed comparable space leases for 1.4 to 2.0 million square feet of retail space each year and expect the volume for 2023 will be in line with these historical averages. Although we expect overall positive increases in annual rent for comparable spaces, changes in annual rent for any individual lease or combinations of individual leases reported in any particular period may be positive or negative and we can provide no assurance that the annual rents on comparable space leases will continue to increase at historical levels, if at all. 
 The leases signed in 2022 generally become effective over the following two years though some may not become effective until 2025 and beyond. Further, there is risk that some new tenants will not ultimately take possession of their space and that tenants for both new and renewal leases may not pay all of their contractual rent due to operating, financing or other matters. However, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 our historical increases in rental rates do provide information about the tenant/landlord relationship and the potential increase we may achieve in rental income over time. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Retail and Residential Properties 
 The following table sets forth information concerning all real estate projects in which we owned an equity interest, had a leasehold interest, or otherwise controlled and are consolidated as of December 31, 2022. Except as otherwise noted, we are the sole owner of our real estate projects. Principal tenants are the largest tenants in the project based on square feet leased or are tenants important to a project s success due to their ability to attract retail customers. 
 Property, City, State, Zip Code Year Completed Year Acquired Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units Average Base Rent Per Square Foot(2) Percentage Leased(3) Principal Tenant(s) Arizona Camelback Colonnade Phoenix, AZ 85016(4) 1977, 2019 2021 642,000 18.14 89 Fry's Food Drug Floor D cor Marshalls Nordstrom Last Chance Best Buy Chandler Festival Chandler, AZ 85224(5)(6) 2000 2022 355,000 17.24 95 Ross Dress for Less Nordstrom Rack TJ Maxx Ulta Chandler Gateway Chandler, AZ 85226(5)(6) 2001 2022 262,000 11.10 100 Walmart Hobby Lobby Petco Hilton Village Scottsdale, AZ 85250(4)(7) 1982, 1989 2021/2022 305,000 33.87 90 CVS Houston's California Azalea South Gate, CA 90280(4)(6) 2014 2017 223,000 28.48 100 Marshalls Ross Dress for Less Ulta Michaels Bell Gardens Bell Gardens, CA 90201(4)(6)(7) 1990, 2003, 2006 2017/2018 330,000 23.58 98 Food 4 Less Marshalls Ross Dress for Less Bob's Discount Furniture Colorado Blvd Pasadena, CA 91103(7) 1905-1988 1998 42,000 60.04 100 Banana Republic True Food Kitchen Crow Canyon Commons San Ramon, CA 94583 1980, 1998, 2006 2005/2007 243,000 29.55 100 Sprouts Total Wine More Rite Aid Alamo Ace Hardware East Bay Bridge Emeryville Oakland, CA 94608 1994-2001, 2011, 2012 2012 440,000 19.71 100 Pak-N-Save Home Depot Target Nordstrom Rack Escondido Promenade Escondido, CA 92029(8) 1987 1996/2010 231,000 29.37 99 TJ Maxx Dick's Sporting Goods Ross Dress For Less Bob's Discount Furniture Fourth Street Berkeley, CA 94710(4) 1948, 1975 2017 71,000 32.59 81 CB2 Ingram Book Group Bellwether Coffee Freedom Plaza Los Angeles, CA 90002(4)(7) 2020 2018 114,000 30.71 97 Smart Final Nike Blink Fitness Ross Dress For Less Grossmont Center La Mesa, CA 91942(4) 1961, 1963, 1982-1983, 2002 2021 932,000 14.17 98 Target Walmart Macy's CVS Hastings Ranch Plaza Pasadena, CA 91107(7) 1958, 1984, 2006, 2007 2017 273,000 8.59 100 Marshalls HomeGoods CVS Sears Hollywood Blvd Hollywood, CA 90028 1929, 1991 1999 181,000 36.55 86 Target Marshalls L.A. Fitness Kings Court Los Gatos, CA 95032(7)(9) 1960 1998 81,000 42.31 100 Lunardi's CVS La Alameda Walnut Park, CA 90255(5)(6)(7) 2008 2017 245,000 27.08 95 Marshalls Ross Dress For Less CVS Petco Old Town Center Los Gatos, CA 95030 1962, 1998 1997 98,000 42.99 95 Anthropologie Sephora Teleferic Barcelona 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Property, City, State, Zip Code Year Completed Year Acquired Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units Average Base Rent Per Square Foot(2) Percentage Leased(3) Principal Tenant(s) Olivo at Mission Hills Mission Hills, CA 91345(4) 2018 2017 155,000 33.26 100 Target 24 Hour Fitness Ross Dress for Less Plaza Del Sol South El Monte, CA 91733(4) 2009 2017 48,000 24.22 96 Marshalls Plaza El Segundo / The Point El Segundo, CA 90245 (6) 2006-2007, 2016 2011/2013 501,000 48.03 85 Whole Foods Nordstrom Rack HomeGoods Dick's Sporting Goods Multiple Restaurants San Antonio Center Mountain View, CA 94040(7)(9) 1958, 1964-1965, 1974-1975, 1995-1997 2015/2019 213,000 16.70 99 Trader Joe's Walmart 24 Hour Fitness Santana Row San Jose, CA 95128(7)(11) 2002, 2009, 2016, 2020 1997 1,206,000 56.56 99 Crate Barrel Container Store H M Best Buy Splunk Net App Multiple Restaurants Santana Row Residential San Jose, CA 95128 2003-2006, 2011, 2014 1997/2012 662 units N/A 96 Sylmar Towne Center Sylmar, CA 91342(4) 1973 2017 148,000 17.57 93 Food 4 Less CVS Third Street Promenade Santa Monica, CA 90401 1888-2000 1996-2000 207,000 72.02 74 adidas Madewell Patagonia Multiple Restaurants Westgate Center San Jose, CA 95129 1960-1966 2004 648,000 19.68 91 Target Nordstrom Rack Nike Factory TJ Maxx Connecticut Bristol Plaza Bristol, CT 06010 1959 1995 264,000 14.24 82 Stop Shop TJ Maxx Burlington Darien Commons Darien, CT 06820 1920-2009 2013/2018 59,000 42.94 89 Equinox Walgreens Darien Commons Residential Darien, CT 06820 2022 2013/2018 59 units N/A 75 Greenwich Avenue Greenwich Avenue, CT 06830 1968 1995 35,000 96.19 100 Saks Fifth Avenue District of Columbia Friendship Center Washington, DC 20015 1998 2001 78,000 33.73 100 Marshalls DSW Maggiano's Florida CocoWalk Coconut Grove, FL 33133(4)(12) 1990/1994, 1922-1973, 2018-2021 2015-2017 273,000 45.17 100 Cinepolis Theaters Youfit Health Club Multiple Restaurants Del Mar Village Boca Raton, FL 33433 1982, 1994 2007 2008/2014 187,000 23.44 97 Winn Dixie CVS L.A. Fitness The Shops at Pembroke Gardens Pembroke Pines, FL 33027 2007 2022 391,000 30.66 92 DSW Old Navy Nike Factory Barnes Noble Tower Shops Davie, FL 33324 1989, 2017 2011/2014 430,000 27.06 100 Trader Joe's TJ Maxx Ross Dress for Less Best Buy Ulta Illinois Crossroads Highland Park, IL 60035 1959 1993 168,000 23.48 91 L.A. Fitness Ulta Binny's Ferguson's Bath, Kitchen, Lighting Gallery Finley Square Downers Grove, IL 60515 1974 1995 281,000 17.13 92 Bed, Bath Beyond Buy Buy Baby Michaels Portillo's 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Property, City, State, Zip Code Year Completed Year Acquired Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units Average Base Rent Per Square Foot(2) Percentage Leased(3) Principal Tenant(s) Garden Market Western Springs, IL 60558 1958 1994 139,000 13.92 96 Mariano's Fresh Market Walgreens Riverpoint Center Chicago, IL 60614 1989, 2012 2017 211,000 21.21 93 Jewel Osco Marshalls Old Navy Maryland Bethesda Row Bethesda, MD 20814(7) 1945-1991 2001, 2008 1993-2006/ 2008/2010 529,000 56.39 95 Giant Food Apple Equinox Anthropologie Multiple Restaurants Bethesda Row Residential Bethesda, MD 20814 2008 1993 180 units N/A 96 Congressional Plaza Rockville, MD 20852(4) 1965 1965 324,000 41.60 91 The Fresh Market Buy Buy Baby Ulta Barnes Noble Container Store Congressional Plaza Residential Rockville, MD 20852(4) 2003, 2016 1965 194 units N/A 98 Courthouse Center Rockville, MD 20852 1975 1997 38,000 25.61 69 Federal Plaza Rockville, MD 20852 1970 1989 249,000 38.25 93 Trader Joe's TJ Maxx Micro Center Ross Dress for Less Gaithersburg Square Gaithersburg, MD 20878 1966 1993 208,000 31.11 95 Marshalls Ross Dress For Less Ashley Furniture HomeStore CVS Governor Plaza Glen Burnie, MD 21961 1963 1985 243,000 20.44 99 Aldi Dick's Sporting Goods Ross Dress for Less Petco Laurel Laurel, MD 20707 1956 1986 364,000 23.71 99 Giant Food Marshalls L.A. Fitness HomeGoods Montrose Crossing Rockville, MD 20852 1960-1979, 1996, 2011 2011/2013 368,000 33.72 100 Giant Food Marshalls Home Depot Design Center Old Navy Burlington Perring Plaza Baltimore, MD 21134 1963 1985 398,000 19.04 71 Shoppers Food Warehouse Home Depot Micro Center Pike Rose North Bethesda, MD 20852(11) 1963, 2014, 2018, 2020 1982/2007/ 2012 667,000 42.68 100 Porsche Uniqlo REI H M L.L. Bean Multiple Restaurants Pike Rose Residential North Bethesda, MD 20852 2014, 2016, 2018 1982/2007 765 units N/A 97 Plaza Del Mercado Silver Spring, MD 20906 1969 2004 116,000 33.15 96 Aldi CVS L.A. Fitness Quince Orchard Gaithersburg, MD 20877(7) 1975 1993 270,000 26.14 84 Aldi HomeGoods L.A. Fitness Staples THE AVENUE at White Marsh Baltimore, MD 21236(9) 1997 2007 315,000 27.59 88 AMC Ulta Old Navy Nike The Shoppes at Nottingham Square Baltimore, MD 21236 2005-2006 2007 33,000 51.91 100 White Marsh Other Baltimore, MD 21236 1985 2007 56,000 33.44 87 White Marsh Plaza Baltimore, MD 21236 1987 2007 80,000 23.62 100 Giant Food 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Property, City, State, Zip Code Year Completed Year Acquired Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units Average Base Rent Per Square Foot(2) Percentage Leased(3) Principal Tenant(s) Wildwood Bethesda, MD 20814 1958 1969 88,000 103.94 100 Balducci's CVS Multiple Restaurants Massachusetts Assembly Row/ Assembly Square Marketplace Somerville, MA 02145(11) 2005, 2014, 2018, 2021 2005-2011/ 2013 1,178,000 35.30 99 Trader Joe's TJ Maxx AMC Nike PUMA Multiple Restaurants Assembly Row Residential Somerville, MA 02145 2018, 2021 2005-2011 947 units N/A 94 Campus Plaza Bridgewater, MA 02324 1970 2004 114,000 16.83 85 Roche Bros. Burlington Chelsea Commons Chelsea, MA 02150(6) 1962,1969, 2008 2006-2008 222,000 12.94 100 Home Depot Planet Fitness CVS Dedham Plaza Dedham, MA 02026 1959 1993/2016/ 2019 249,000 18.14 92 Star Market Planet Fitness Linden Square Wellesley, MA 02481 1960, 2008 2006 224,000 50.56 97 Roche Bros. CVS 7 units N/A 100 North Dartmouth North Dartmouth, MA 02747 2004 2006 48,000 17.22 100 Stop Shop Queen Anne Plaza Norwell, MA 02061 1967 1994 149,000 20.42 99 Big Y Foods TJ Maxx HomeGoods Michigan Gratiot Plaza Roseville, MI 48066 1964 1973 215,000 12.82 100 Kroger Bed, Bath Beyond Best Buy DSW New Jersey Brick Plaza Brick Township, NJ 08723(7) 1958 1989 407,000 21.85 95 Trader Joe's AMC HomeGoods Ulta Burlington Brook 35 Sea Grit, NJ 08750(4)(6)(9) 1986, 2004 2014 98,000 41.89 92 Banana Republic Gap Williams-Sonoma Ellisburg Cherry Hill, NJ 08034 1959 1992 260,000 18.20 99 Whole Foods Buy Buy Baby RH Outlet Hoboken Hoboken, NJ 07030(4)(6)(13) 1887-2006 2019/2020/2022 171,000 57.04 98 CVS New York Sports Club Sephora Multiple Restaurants 129 units N/A 100 Mercer Mall Lawrenceville, NJ 08648(7) 1975 2003/2017 551,000 26.68 89 Shop Rite Nike Ross Dress for Less Nordstrom Rack REI Tesla The Grove at Shrewsbury Shrewsbury, NJ 07702(4)(6)(9) 1988, 1993 2007 2014 193,000 49.05 100 Lululemon Anthropologie Pottery Barn Williams-Sonoma Troy Hills Parsippany-Troy, NJ 07054 1966 1980 211,000 23.02 99 Target L.A. Fitness Michaels New York Fresh Meadows Queens, NY 11365 1949 1997 408,000 39.23 96 Island of Gold AMC Kohl's Michaels Georgetowne Shopping Center Brooklyn, NY 11234 1969, 2006, 2015 2019 147,000 41.49 87 Foodway Five Below IHOP Greenlawn Plaza Greenlawn, NY 11743 1975, 2004 2006 103,000 19.80 92 Greenlawn Farms Tuesday Morning Planet Fitness 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Property, City, State, Zip Code Year Completed Year Acquired Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units Average Base Rent Per Square Foot(2) Percentage Leased(3) Principal Tenant(s) Hauppauge Hauppauge, NY 11788 1963 1998 134,000 33.63 86 Shop Rite Huntington Huntington, NY 11746 1962 1988/2007/ 2015 116,000 26.85 90 Petsmart Michaels Ulta Huntington Square East Northport, NY 11731(7) 1980, 2007 2010 75,000 30.76 91 Barnes Noble Melville Mall Huntington, NY 11747(7) 1974 2006 253,000 29.75 100 Uncle Giuseppe's Marketplace Marshalls Dick's Sporting Goods Macy's Backstage Public Lands Pennsylvania Andorra Philadelphia, PA 19128 1953 1988 270,000 14.82 88 Acme Markets TJ Maxx Kohl's L.A. Fitness Five Below Bala Cynwyd Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 1955 1993 174,000 37.51 94 Acme Markets Michaels L.A. Fitness Bala Cynwyd Residential Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 2020 1993 87 units N/A 99 Flourtown Flourtown, PA 19031 1957 1980 156,000 22.58 96 Giant Food Movie Tavern Lancaster Lancaster, PA 17601(7) 1958 1980 126,000 19.01 99 Giant Food AutoZone Langhorne Square Levittown, PA 19056 1966 1985 223,000 18.68 100 Redner's Warehouse Markets Marshalls Planet Fitness Lawrence Park Broomall, PA 19008 1972 1980/2017 356,000 23.57 97 Acme Markets TJ Maxx HomeGoods Barnes Noble Lankenau Medical Center Northeast Philadelphia, PA 19114 1959 1983 214,000 21.57 80 Marshalls Ulta Skechers Crunch Fitness Town Center of New Britain New Britain, PA 18901 1969 2006 124,000 10.08 93 Giant Food Rite Aid Dollar Tree Willow Grove Willow Grove, PA 19090 1953 1984 105,000 22.37 98 Marshalls Five Below Wynnewood Wynnewood, PA 19096 1948 1996 248,000 29.27 97 Giant Food Old Navy DSW 9 units N/A 100 Virginia 29th Place Charlottesville, VA 22091 1975-2001 2007 169,000 20.35 100 Lidl HomeGoods DSW Staples Barcroft Plaza Falls Church, VA 22041 1963, 1972, 1990, 2000 2006/2007/ 2016 113,000 28.80 98 Harris Teeter Barracks Road Charlottesville, VA 22905 1958 1985 497,000 27.77 96 Harris Teeter Kroger Anthropologie Bed, Bath Beyond Old Navy Ulta Birch Broad Falls Church, VA 22046 1960/1962 1967/1972 144,000 37.94 99 Giant Food CVS Staples Chesterbrook McLean, VA 22101(4) 1967 2021 90,000 26.67 76 Safeway Starbucks Fairfax Junction Fairfax, VA 22030(9) 1981, 1986, 2000 2019/2020 124,000 24.92 91 Aldi CVS Planet Fitness Graham Park Plaza Falls Church, VA 22042 1971 1983 132,000 40.71 90 Giant Food 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Property, City, State, Zip Code Year Completed Year Acquired Square Feet(1) /Apartment Units Average Base Rent Per Square Foot(2) Percentage Leased(3) Principal Tenant(s) Idylwood Plaza Falls Church, VA 22030 1991 1994 73,000 48.07 88 Whole Foods Kingstowne Towne Center Kingstowne, VA 22315 1996, 2001, 2006 2022 410,000 26.99 98 Giant Food Safeway TJ Maxx HomeGoods Five Below Ross Dress for Less Mount Vernon/South Valley/ 7770 Richmond Hwy Alexandria, VA 22306(9) 1966, 1972,1987 2001 2003/2006 565,000 19.90 97 Shoppers Food Warehouse TJ Maxx Home Depot Old Navy Petsmart Old Keene Mill Springfield, VA 22152 1968 1976 91,000 39.41 95 Whole Foods Walgreens Planet Fitness Pan Am Fairfax, VA 22031 1979 1993 228,000 25.71 95 Safeway Micro Center CVS Michaels Pike 7 Plaza Vienna, VA 22180 1968 1997/2015 172,000 49.74 100 TJ Maxx DSW Ulta Tower Shopping Center Springfield, VA 22150 1960 1998 111,000 27.55 87 L.A. Mart Talbots Total Wine More Twinbrooke Shopping Centre Fairfax, VA 22032 1977 2021 101,000 26.40 92 Safeway Walgreens Tyson's Station Falls Church, VA 22043 1954 1978 48,000 49.47 91 Trader Joe's Village at Shirlington Arlington, VA 22206(7) 1940, 2006-2009 1995 266,000 40.07 85 Harris Teeter CVS AMC Carlyle Grand Caf Westpost (formerly known as Pentagon Row) Arlington, VA 22202 2001-2002 1998/2010 297,000 33.49 99 Harris Teeter Target TJ Maxx DSW Ulta Willow Lawn Richmond, VA 23230 1957 1983 463,000 21.85 96 Kroger Old Navy Ross Dress For Less Gold's Gym Dick's Sporting Goods Total Commercial (10) 25,810,000 30.36 94 Total Residential 3,039 units 96 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Represents the GLA of the commercial portion of the property. Some of our properties include office space which is included in this square footage. 
 (2) Average base rent per square foot is calculated as the aggregate, annualized in-place contractual (defined as cash basis excluding rent abatements) minimum rent for all occupied spaces divided by the aggregate GLA of all occupied spaces. Average base rent is for commercial spaces only. 
 (3) Percentage leased is expressed as a percentage of rentable commercial square feet occupied or subject to a lease. Residential percentage leased is expressed as a percentage of units occupied or subject to a lease. 
 (4) We own the controlling interest in this property. 
 (5) We own a noncontrolling interest in this property. 
 (6) All or a portion of this property is encumbered by a mortgage loan. 
 (7) All or a portion of this property is owned pursuant to a ground lease. 
 (8) We own a 77.7 TIC interest in this property. GLA disclosed represents our 77.7 share. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (9) We own all or a portion of this property in a downREIT partnership, of which a wholly owned subsidiary of the Trust is the sole general partner, with third party partners holding operating partnership units. 
 (10) Aggregate information is calculated on a GLA weighted-average basis, excluding Chandler Festival, Chandler Gateway, and La Alameda,, which are all unconsolidated properties at December 31, 2022. 
 (11) Portion of property is currently under development. See further discussion in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (12) This property includes interests in four nearby buildings. 
 (13) This property includes 40 buildings primarily along Washington Street and 14th Street in Hoboken, New Jersey. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved from time-to-time in various legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, but not limited to, commercial disputes, environmental matters, and litigation in connection with transactions such as acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that our current proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FRT. Listed below are the high and low sales prices of our common shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange and the dividends declared for each of the periods indicated. 
 
 Price Per Share Dividends Declared Per Share High Low 2022 Fourth quarter 112.34 87.79 1.080 Third quarter 113.61 86.43 1.080 Second quarter 128.13 92.02 1.070 First quarter 140.51 113.10 1.070 2021 Fourth quarter 138.40 117.48 1.070 Third quarter 123.43 111.21 1.070 Second quarter 125.00 101.45 1.060 First quarter 110.66 81.85 1.060 
 On February 3, 2023, there were 2,157 holders of record of our common shares. 
 Our ongoing operations generally will not be subject to federal income taxes as long as we maintain our REIT status and distribute to shareholders at least 100 of our taxable income. Under the Code, REITs are subject to numerous organizational and operational requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least 90 of taxable income. 
 Future distributions will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our actual net income available for common shareholders, financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the Board of Trustees deems relevant. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our regular annual dividend rate for 55 consecutive years. 
 Our total annual dividends paid per common share for 2022 and 2021 were 4.29 per share and 4.25 per share, respectively. The annual dividend amounts are different from dividends as calculated for federal income tax purposes. Distributions to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes generally will be taxable to a shareholder as ordinary dividend income. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a nontaxable reduction of the shareholder s basis in such shareholder s shares, to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable capital gain. Distributions that are treated as a reduction of the shareholder s basis in its shares will have the effect of increasing the amount of gain, or reducing the amount of loss, recognized upon the sale of the shareholder s shares. No assurances can be given regarding what portion, if any, of distributions in 2023 or subsequent years will constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. During a year in which a REIT earns a net long-term capital gain, the REIT can elect under Section 857(b)(3) of the Code to designate a portion of dividends paid to shareholders as capital gain dividends. If this election is made, then the capital gain dividends are generally taxable to the shareholder as long-term capital gains. 
 The following table reflects the income tax status of distributions per share paid to common shareholders: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Ordinary dividend 3.518 3.358 Capital gain 0.772 0.680 Return of capital 0.212 4.290 4.250 
 Distributions on our 5.417 Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares were paid at the rate of 1.354 per share per annum commencing on the issuance date of March 8, 2007. Distributions on our 5.0 Series C Cumulative Redeemable 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Preferred Shares were paid at the rate of 1.250 per depositary share per annum, commencing on the issuance date of September 29, 2017. We do not believe that the preferential rights available to the holders of interest in our preferred shares or the financial covenants contained in our debt agreements had or will have an adverse effect on our ability to pay dividends in the normal course of business to our common shareholders or to distribute amounts necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Total Stockholder Return Performance 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Federal Realty's common shares with the S P 500 Index and the index of equity real estate investment trusts prepared by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") for the five fiscal years commencing December 31, 2017, and ending December 31, 2022, assuming an investment of 100 and the reinvestment of all dividends into additional common shares during the holding period. Equity real estate investment trusts are defined as those that derive more than 75 of their income from equity investments in real estate assets. The FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Total Return Index includes all tax qualified real estate investment trusts listed on the NYSE, NYSE MKT, or the NASDAQ National Market. Stock performance for the past five years is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Shares 
 Under the terms of various operating partnership agreements of certain of our affiliated limited partnerships, the interest of limited partners in those limited partnerships may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, for cash or an equivalent number of our common shares, at our option. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we did not issue any common shares in connection with the redemption of downREIT operating partnership units. Any equity securities sold by us during 2022 that were not registered have been previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 During 2022, 5,871 restricted common shares were forfeited by former employees. 
 From time to time, we could be deemed to have repurchased shares as a result of shares withheld for tax purposes upon a stock compensation related vesting event. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this section or elsewhere in this report may be deemed forward-looking statements . See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report for important information regarding these forward-looking statements and certain risk and uncertainties that may affect us. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 
 Overview 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust (the "Parent Company" or the "Trust") is an equity real estate investment trust ("REIT"). Federal Realty OP LP (the "Operating Partnership") is the entity through which the Trust conducts substantially all of its operations and owns substantially all of its assets. The Trust owns 100 of the limited liability company interest of, is sole member of, and exercises exclusive control over Federal Realty GP LLC (the "General Partner"), which in turn, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, "we," "our," and "us" means the Trust and its business and operations conducted through its directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company specializes in the ownership, management, and redevelopment of high quality retail and mixed-use properties located primarily in communities where we believe demand exceeds supply, in strategically selected metropolitan markets in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, California, and South Florida. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or had a majority interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-use properties which are operated as 103 predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately 25.8 million square feet. In total, the real estate projects were 94.5 leased and 92.8 occupied at December 31, 2022. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our dividends per common share for 55 consecutive years. 
 Impacts of COVID-19 Pandemic and General Economic Conditions 
 Given the ongoing workforce shortages, global supply chain bottlenecks and shortages, and high inflation, we continue to monitor and address risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the general state of the economy. While improving, our cash flow and results of operations in the year ended December 31, 2022 continued to be negatively impacted largely due to vacancy levels remaining above historical levels. Although virtually all of our leases required the tenants to pay rent even while they were not operating, we entered into numerous agreements to abate, defer, and/or restructure tenant rent payments for varying periods of time, all with the objective of collecting as much cash as reasonably possible and maintaining occupancy to the maximum extent. We believe those actions positioned many of our tenants to be able to return to payment of contractual rent as soon as possible after the initial impacts from the pandemic started to subside. 
 During 2022, we have continued to see improvements in overall cash collections from tenants with collection rates nearing pre-pandemic levels. We have also taken multiple steps over the past two years to strengthen our financial position, maximize liquidity, and to provide maximum flexibility during these uncertain times, including maintaining levels of cash in excess of the cash balances we have historically maintained. On October 5, 2022, we amended our revolving credit facility increasing the borrowing capacity from 1.0 billion to 1.25 billion and extending the maturity date to April 5, 2027, plus two six-month extensions at our option. Additionally, we have an option (subject to bank approval) to increase the credit facility through an accordion feature to 1.75 billion. We also amended our unsecured term loan borrowing an additional 300.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, there is no outstanding balance on our 1.25 billion revolving credit facility, and we have cash and cash equivalents of 85.6 million. 
 
 Additional discussion of the impact of current economic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic on our results and long-term operations can be found throughout Item 7 and Item 1A . Risk Factors. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Responsibility 
 We actively endeavor to operate and develop our properties in a sustainable, responsible, and effective manner with the objective being to drive long-term growth and aid in value creation for our shareholders, tenants, employees, and local communities. We have aligned our program and efforts with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, as described in our ESG Policy and our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report, which are provided only for informational purposes on our website and not incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Our development activities have been heavily focused on owning, developing and operating properties that are certified under the U.S. Green Building Council s USGBC Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED rating system which serves as a third-party verification that a building or community was designed and built to mitigate its environmental footprint. We currently have 19 LEED certified buildings and our Pike Rose project has achieved LEED for Neighborhood Development Stage 3 Gold certification. The COVID-19 pandemic has also increased our focus on owning, developing and operating healthier buildings. To that end, our new corporate headquarters space at our 909 Rose Avenue building has earned a Fitwel certification developed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) together with the General Services Administration (GSA). This certification assesses a building s impact on seven distinct categories related to overall health and well-being. 
 
 We are also committed to implementing sustainable business practices at our operating properties that focus on energy efficiency, water conservation and waste minimization and have established greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets in accordance with the Science-Based Targets initiative as well as energy reduction targets. To achieve these targets, we are actively addressing energy efficiency projects on site such as upgrading to LED lighting, procuring green energy, reducing electric consumption, and increasing our onsite solar generation capacity. We have installed on-site solar systems at 25 of our properties with a capacity of 14 MW with more projects actively in progress. We also installed electric vehicle car charging stations in numerous properties throughout our portfolio. We currently have over 300 charging stations in operation with more under construction. 
 We also understand that we face risks presented by climate change and are working to evaluate our risk exposure. In our 2021 Sustainability report, we provided a disclosure pursuant to the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure and we intend to provide that disclosure annually. 
 We are also highly committed to our employees and fostering a work environment that promotes growth, development and personal well-being. Our four core values are accountability, excellence, innovation and integrity and we seek to attract and retain talented professionals who embrace those values. All of our efforts with respect to corporate responsibility are overseen by our Board of Trustees. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, referred to as GAAP , requires management to make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses. These estimates are prepared using management s best judgment, after considering past and current events and economic conditions. In addition, information relied upon by management in preparing such estimates includes internally generated financial and operating information, external market information, when available, and when necessary, information obtained from consultations with third party experts. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A discussion of possible risks which may affect these estimates is included in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements; however, the most critical accounting policies, which are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and involve the use of complex estimates and significant assumptions as to future uncertainties and, therefore, may result in actual amounts that differ from estimates, are as follows: 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Collectibility of Lease Income 
 Our leases with our tenants are classified as operating leases. When collection of substantially all lease payments during the lease term is considered probable, the lease qualifies for accrual accounting. When collection of substantially all lease payments during the lease term is not considered probable, total lease revenue is limited to the lesser of revenue recognized under accrual accounting or cash received. Determining the probability of collection of substantially all lease payments during a lease term requires significant judgment. This determination is impacted by numerous factors including our assessment of the tenant s credit worthiness, economic conditions, tenant sales productivity in that location, historical experience with the tenant and tenants operating in the same industry, future prospects for the tenant and the industry in which it operates, and the length of the lease term. If leases currently classified as probable are subsequently reclassified as not probable, any outstanding lease receivables (including straight-line rent receivables) would be written-off with a corresponding decrease in rental income. For example, in the event that our collectibility determinations were not accurate and we were required to write off additional receivables equaling 1 of rental income, our rental income and net income would decrease by 10.7 million. If leases currently classified as not probable are subsequently changed to probable, any lease receivables (including straight-line rent receivables) are re-instated with a corresponding increase to rental income. 
 Our collection of rents has continued to improve, including collecting rents related to prior periods. As a result, our collectibility related adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted in an increase to rental income of 4.1 million, as compared to a 24.0 million decrease to rental income during the year ended December 31, 2021, which reflected lower levels of cash collections and elevated levels of rent abatements and disputes directly related to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the revenue from approximately 31 and 34 of our tenants (based on total commercial leases), respectively, is being recognized on a cash basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our straight-line rent receivables balance was 126.6 million and 110.7 million, respectively, and is included in "accounts and notes receivable, net" on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we executed rent deferral agreements related to the COVID-19 pandemic representing approximately 48 million of rent. We have subsequently collected approximately 35 million of those amounts previously deferred. 
 Other revenue recognition policies 
 When we enter into a transaction to sell a property or a portion of a property, we evaluate the recognition of the sale under ASC 610-20, "Other Income - Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets." In accordance with ASC 610-20, we apply the guidance in ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," to determine whether and when control transfers and how to measure the associated gain or loss. We determine the transaction price based on the consideration we expect to receive. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of a gain recognized will not occur. We analyze the risk of a significant gain reversal and if necessary limit the amount of variable consideration recognized in order to mitigate this risk. The estimation of variable consideration requires us to make assumptions and apply significant judgment. The existence and amount of variable consideration can vary significantly among transactions. Historically, our property sales have had variable consideration of less than 1 of total expected consideration; however, we had one transaction in 2019 where the variable consideration was approximately 45.5 million. 
 Real Estate Acquisitions 
 Upon acquisition of operating real estate properties, we estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired including land, building, improvements, leasing costs, intangibles such as acquired leases, assumed debt, and current assets and liabilities, if any. Based on these estimates, we allocate the purchase price to the applicable assets and liabilities. We utilize methods similar to those used by independent appraisers in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities. The value allocated to acquired leases is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as rental income in the statement of operations. We consider qualitative and quantitative factors in evaluating the likelihood of a tenant exercising a below market renewal option and include such renewal options in the calculation of in-place lease value when we consider these to be bargain renewal options. If the value of below market lease intangibles includes renewal option periods, we include such renewal periods in the amortization period utilized. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the unamortized balance of any acquired lease value is written off to rental income. 
 During 2022, we acquired properties included in our consolidated financial statements with a total purchase price of 443.1 million. 1.9 million, or less than 1 of the total purchase price was allocated to above market lease assets and 38.7 million, or 9 was allocated to below market lease liabilities. If the amounts allocated in 2022 to below market lease liabilities and building assets were each reduced by 5 of the total purchase price, annual below market lease liability amortization increasing rental income would decrease by approximately 2.1 million (using the weighted average life of below market liabilities at each respective acquired property) and annual depreciation expense would decrease by approximately 0.6 million (using a depreciable life of 35 years). 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Long-Lived Assets and Impairment 
 There are estimates and assumptions made by management in preparing the consolidated financial statements for which the actual results will be determined over long periods of time. This includes the recoverability of long-lived assets, including our properties that have been acquired or redeveloped and our investment in certain joint ventures. Management s evaluation of impairment includes review for possible indicators of impairment as well as, in certain circumstances, undiscounted and discounted cash flow analysis. Since most of our investments in real estate are wholly-owned or controlled assets which are held for use, a property with impairment indicators is first tested for impairment by comparing the undiscounted cash flows, taking into account the anticipated hold period, including residual value, to the current net book value of the property. If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the net book value, the property is written down to expected fair value. 
 The calculation of both discounted and undiscounted cash flows requires management to make estimates of future cash flows including revenues, operating expenses, required maintenance and development expenditures, market conditions, demand for space by tenants and rental rates over long periods. Because our properties typically have a long life, the assumptions used to estimate the future recoverability of book value requires significant management judgment. We are also required to estimate the anticipated hold period. A change in the expected holding period from a long term hold to a short term would cause a significant change in the undiscounted cash flows and could result in an impairment charge. Actual results could be significantly different from the estimates. These estimates have a direct impact on net income, because recording an impairment charge results in a negative adjustment to net income. 
 Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 2022 Acquisitions, Dispositions, and Other Transactions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired the following properties: Date Acquired Property City/State Gross Leasable Area (GLA) Gross Value (in square feet) (in millions) April 20, 2022 July 27, 2022 Kingstowne Towne Center Kingstowne, Virginia 410,000 200.0 (1) July 18, 2022 Hilton Village (office building) Scottsdale, Arizona 212,000 53.6 (2) July 27, 2022 The Shops at Pembroke Gardens Pembroke Pines, Florida 391,000 180.5 (3) November 18, 2022 Hoboken (301 Washington St.) Hoboken, New Jersey N/A 9.0 (4) 
 (1) Approximately 11.3 million and 0.3 million of net assets were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and 20.2 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (2) This building is adjacent to, and will be operated as part of our Hilton Village property. The land is controlled under a long-term ground lease that expires on September 30, 2075, for which we have recorded a 6.5 million "operating lease right of use asset" (net of a 0.8 million above market liability) and a 7.3 million "operating lease liability." Approximately 8.9 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and 0.1 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (3) Approximately 16.3 million and 1.6 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and 18.4 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (4) This property, that we own a 90 ownership interest in, was acquired through our Hoboken joint venture, and is in the beginning stages of redevelopment. 
 
 On October 6, 2022, we acquired a 47.5 net interest in an unconsolidated joint venture that owns two shopping centers for a combined price of 58.9 million. On the date of acquisition, the properties had combined mortgage debt of 76.1 million, of which, our share is approximately 36.2 million. Approximately 8.0 million and 2.0 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and 17.1 million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." Additional information on the properties is listed below: 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Property City/State Gross Leasable Area (GLA) Purchase Price (our share) (in square feet) (in millions) Chandler Festival Chandler, Arizona 355,000 40.8 Chandler Gateway Chandler, Arizona 262,000 18.1 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold two residential properties (one included an adjacent retail pad), one retail property, one parcel of land, and one portion of a property for sales prices totaling 136.2 million, resulting in net gains totaling approximately 84.1 million. 
 Other Transactions 
 On July 13, 2022, we acquired the 21.8 redeemable noncontrolling interest in the partnership that owns our Plaza El Segundo shopping center for 23.6 million, bringing our ownership interest to 100 . 
 On August 25, 2022, we entered into a tenancy in common ("TIC") agreement with our partner in the partnership that owned Escondido Promenade. As a result, the Company owns a 77.7 TIC interest, and our former partner owns the remaining 22.3 interest. While the Company controlled and consolidated Escondido Promenade under the previous partnership arrangement, control is shared under the TIC agreement. The transaction is considered a transfer of our previous controlling partner interest in exchange for a non-controlling TIC interest. Accordingly, we deconsolidated the entity and recorded our TIC interest at fair value as an equity method investment. We recognized a 70.4 million "gain on deconsolidation of VIE" on our consolidated statements of operations, which is the difference between the net carrying value of the deconsolidated entity and the fair value of our TIC interest. As of August 25, 2022, the fair value of our investment in the entity was 110.0 million, and is included in "investment in partnerships" on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. As a part of this transaction, we made a 3.5 million loan to our co-owner, which is included in "accounts and notes receivable, net" on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. In addition, we entered into a purchase option agreement to acquire the TIC interest from our co-owner, which was secured through an option payment of 1.5 million, and allows us to exercise our option at any time between February 1, 2023 and March 15, 2023. 
 2022 Significant Debt and Equity Transactions 
 On February 14, 2022, we replaced our existing at-the-market ATM equity program with a new ATM equity program in which we may from time to time offer and sell common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to 500.0 million. Our ATM equity program also allows shares to be sold through forward sales contracts. We intend to use the net proceeds from ATM equity program issuances to fund potential acquisition opportunities, fund our development and redevelopment pipeline, repay indebtedness and/or for general corporate purposes. 
 During 2022, we settled the remaining forward sales agreements entered into during 2021 by issuing 2,203,655 common shares for net proceeds of 259.4 million, and consequently, we have no outstanding open forward sales agreements as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 430,473 common shares at a weighted average price per share of 111.49 for net cash proceeds of 47.4 million including paying 0.5 million in commissions and 0.1 million in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. As of December 31, 2022, we had the capacity to issue up to 452.0 million in common shares under our ATM equity program. 
 On June 29, 2022, we repaid the 16.1 million mortgage loan on one of the buildings at our Hoboken property, at par. 
 On October 5, 2022, we amended our revolving credit facility, increasing the borrowing capacity from 1.0 billion to 1.25 billion, extending the maturity date to April 5, 2027, plus two six-month extension options, transitioning the interest rate provisions from LIBOR to the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"), and adjusting the spread for SOFR based loans. Our SOFR based loans bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR as defined in the credit agreement plus 0.10 plus a spread, based on our credit rating. The current spread is 77.5 basis points. In addition, we have an option (subject to bank approval) to increase the credit facility through an accordion feature to 1.75 billion. On October 5, 2022, we also amended our unsecured term loan and borrowed an additional 300.0 million, bringing the total outstanding to 600.0 million. The term loan amendment also transitioned the interest rate provisions from LIBOR to SOFR. This SOFR based loan bears interest at Term SOFR as defined in the agreement, plus 0.10 , plus an 85 basis point spread, based on our current credit rating. The net proceeds from the term loan were used to repay the 267.0 million outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 2023 Acquisition 
 On January 31, 2023, we acquired the 180,000 square foot portion of Huntington Square shopping center that was not previously owned, as well as the fee interest in the land underneath the portion of the shopping center which we control under a long-term ground lease for 35.5 million. 
 Capitalized Costs 
 Certain external and internal costs directly related to the development, redevelopment and leasing of real estate, including pre-construction costs, real estate taxes, insurance, and construction costs and salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved, are capitalized. We capitalized external and internal costs related to both development and redevelopment activities of 278 million and 11 million, respectively, for 2022 and 356 million and 10 million, respectively, for 2021. We capitalized external and internal costs related to other property improvements of 111 million and 4 million, respectively, for 2022 and 64 million and 4 million, respectively, for 2021. We capitalized external and internal costs related to leasing activities of 18 million and 4 million, respectively, for 2022 and 19 million and 3 million, respectively, for 2021. The amount of capitalized internal costs for salaries and related benefits for development and redevelopment activities, other property improvements, and leasing activities were 10 million, 3 million, and 4 million, respectively, for 2022 and 10 million, 3 million, and 3 million, respectively, for 2021. Total capitalized costs were 425 million for 2022 and 456 million for 2021, respectively. 
 Corporate Reorganization 
 In January 2022, we completed a reorganization into an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust, or "UPREIT." For additional information on our UPREIT reorganization, please see our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022 and January 5, 2022, as well our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 10, 2022. Immediately following the reorganization, the Parent Company had the same consolidated assets and liabilities as Federal Realty Investment Trust immediately before the reorganization. The Parent Company exercises exclusive control over the General Partner and does not have assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. As a result, the UPREIT reorganization represented a merger of entities under common control in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements including the notes thereto, are presented as if the UPREIT reorganization had occurred at the earliest period presented. 
 Outlook 
 Our long-term growth strategy is focused on growth in earnings, funds from operations, and cash flows primarily through a combination of the following: 
 growth in our comparable property portfolio, 
 growth in our portfolio from property redevelopments and expansions, and 
 expansion of our portfolio through property acquisitions. 
 While the general economic effects of the elevated levels of inflation, rising interest rates, and the COVID-19 pandemic are impacting us in the short-term, our long-term focus has not changed. Our comparable property growth is primarily driven by increases in rental rates on new leases and lease renewals, changes in portfolio occupancy, and the redevelopment of those assets. Over the long-term, the infill nature and strong demographics of our properties provide a strategic advantage allowing us to maintain relatively high occupancy and generally increase rental rates. We believe the locations and nature of our centers and diverse tenant base partially mitigates any potential negative changes in the economic environment. However, any significant reduction in our tenants' abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent or other charges, will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We seek to maintain a mix of strong national, regional, and local retailers. At December 31, 2022, no single tenant accounted for more than 2.8 of annualized base rent. 
 The effects of the current economic conditions, the COVID-19 pandemic, and inflation continue to negatively impact our business with the largest current impacts being lower occupancy, supply chain disruptions, and higher interest costs. At December 31, 2022, our commercial space is 92.8 occupied, which is below historical levels largely due to tenant failures as a result of the pandemic. This lower occupancy will adversely impact our results until we can release the space and then commences paying rent, as well as limit future vacancies. We are, however, experiencing strong demand for our commercial space as evidenced by the 2.0 million square feet of comparable space leasing we've completed in 2022, and the 1.7 spread between our leased rate of 94.5 and our occupied rate of 92.8 . Our percentage of contractual rent actually collected has continued to increase since the low point in April 2020, including some tenants paying past due amounts. We continue to see impacts of overall supply chain disruptions affecting the broader economy, including significantly longer lead times, limited availability, and increased costs for certain construction and other materials that support our development and redevelopment activities. If disruptions continue to worsen, they could result in extended timeframes and/or increased costs for completion of our projects and tenant build-outs, which could delay the commencement of rent payments under new leases. Similarly, if our 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 tenants experience significant disruptions in supply chains supporting their own products, or staffing issues due to labor shortages, their ability to pay rent may be adversely affected. We continue to monitor these macroeconomic developments and are working with our tenants and our vendors to limit the overall impact to our business. 
 The duration and severity of the economic impact from the current economic environment and the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, however , we seek to position the Trust to continue to participate in the resulting economic recovery. 
 
 We continue to have several development projects in process being delivered as follows: 
 Phase III of Assembly Row includes 277,000 square feet of office space, 56,000 square feet of retail space, and 500 residential units. As of December 31, 2022, Phase III is substantially complete, with expected final costs between 475 million and 485 million. 
 Phase III at Pike Rose includes a 212,000 square foot office building (which includes 7,000 square feet of ground floor retail space and approximately 45,000 square feet is our new corporate headquarters). As of December 31, 2022, Phase III is substantially complete, with final estimated costs between 130 million and 135 million. 
 Phase IV at Pike Rose is a 276,000 square foot office building (which includes 10,000 square feet of ground floor retail space). Approximately 157,000 square feet of the office space is pre-leased to two tenants. The building is expected to cost between 185 million and 200 million, and begin delivering in late 2023. 
 The first phase of construction on Santana West includes an eight story 376,000 square foot office building, which is expected to cost between 300 million and 315 million. 
 Throughout the portfolio, we currently have redevelopment projects underway with a projected total cost of approximately 228 million that we expect to stabilize over the next several years. 
 
 The above includes our best estimates based on information currently known, however, the completion of construction, final costs, and the timing of leasing and openings may be further impacted by the current environment including the duration and severity of the economic impacts of COVID-19, supply chain disruptions, broader economic conditions, and inflation. 
 The development of future phases of Assembly Row, Pike Rose and Santana Row will be pursued opportunistically based on, among other things, market conditions, tenant demand, and our evaluation of whether those phases will generate an appropriate financial return. 
 We continue to review acquisition opportunities that complement our portfolio and provide long-term growth opportunities. Initially, some of our acquisitions do not contribute significantly to earnings growth; however, we believe they provide long-term re-leasing growth, redevelopment opportunities, and other strategic opportunities. Any growth from acquisitions is contingent on our ability to find properties that meet our qualitative standards at prices that meet our financial hurdles. Changes in interest rates may affect our success in achieving earnings growth through acquisitions by affecting both the price that must be paid to acquire a property, as well as our ability to economically finance the property acquisition. Generally, our acquisitions are initially financed by available cash and/or borrowings under our revolving credit facility which may be repaid later with funds raised through the issuance of new equity or new long-term debt. We may also finance our acquisitions through the issuance of common shares, preferred shares, or units in the Operating Partnership, as well as through assumed mortgages and property sales. 
 At December 31, 2022, the leasable square feet in our properties was 94.5 leased and 92.8 occupied. The leased rate is higher than the occupied rate due to leased spaces that are being redeveloped or improved or that are awaiting permits and, therefore, are not yet ready to be occupied. Our occupancy and leased rates are subject to variability over time due to factors including acquisitions, the timing of the start and stabilization of our redevelopment projects, lease expirations and tenant closings and bankruptcies. 
 Comparable Properties 
 Throughout this section, we have provided certain information on a comparable property basis. Information provided on a comparable property basis includes the results of properties that we owned and operated for the entirety of both periods being compared except for properties that are currently under development or are being repositioned for significant redevelopment and investment. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and the comparison of 2022 and 2021, all or a portion of 91 properties, were considered comparable properties and seven were considered non-comparable properties. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one property was moved from comparable properties to non-comparable properties, one property was moved from non-comparable properties to comparable properties, three properties were removed from comparable properties, as they were sold, and one property was removed from comparable properties, as it was deconsolidated, compared to the designations as of December 31, 2021. While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, we typically move non-comparable properties to comparable properties once they have stabilized, which is typically considered 90 physical 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 occupancy or when the growth expected from the redevelopment has been included in the comparable periods. We typically remove properties from comparable properties when the repositioning of the asset has commenced and has or is expected to have a significant impact to property operating income within the calendar year. Acquisitions are moved to comparable properties once we have owned the property for the entirety of comparable periods and the property is not under development or being repositioned for significant redevelopment and investment. Comparable property information replaces our previous same center designations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 Change 2022 2021 Dollars (Dollar amounts in thousands) Rental income 1,073,292 948,842 124,450 13.1 Mortgage interest income 1,086 2,382 (1,296) (54.4) Total property revenue 1,074,378 951,224 123,154 12.9 Rental expenses 228,958 198,121 30,837 15.6 Real estate taxes 127,824 118,496 9,328 7.9 Total property expenses 356,782 316,617 40,165 12.7 Property operating income (1) 
 717,596 634,607 82,989 13.1 General and administrative expense (52,636) (49,856) (2,780) 5.6 Depreciation and amortization (302,409) (279,976) (22,433) 8.0 Gain on deconsolidation of VIE 70,374 70,374 100.0 Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interest 93,483 89,950 3,533 3.9 Operating income 526,408 394,725 131,683 33.4 Other interest income 1,072 809 263 32.5 Interest expense (136,989) (127,698) (9,291) 7.3 Income from partnerships 5,170 1,245 3,925 315.3 Total other, net (130,747) (125,644) (5,103) 4.1 Net income 395,661 269,081 126,580 47.0 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (10,170) (7,583) (2,587) 34.1 Net income attributable to the Trust 385,491 261,498 123,993 47.4 
 (1) Property operating income is a non-GAAP measure that consists of rental income and mortgage interest income, less rental expenses and real estate taxes. This measure is used internally to evaluate the performance of property operations to the previous period and we consider it be a significant measure. We believe that property operating income is useful to investors in measuring the operating performance of our property portfolio because the definition excludes various items included in operating income that do not relate to, or are not indicative of, the operating performance of our properties, such as general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization, and allows us to isolate disparities in operating income caused by acquisitions, dispositions, and stabilization of properties. Property operating income may, therefore, provide a more consistent metric for comparing the operating performance of our real estate between periods. Property operating income should not be considered an alternative measure of operating results or cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP. The reconciliation of operating income to property operating income for 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 
 2022 2021 
 (in thousands) Operating income 526,408 394,725 General and administrative 52,636 49,856 Depreciation and amortization 302,409 279,976 Gain on deconsolidation of VIE (70,374) Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interest (93,483) (89,950) Property operating income 717,596 634,607 
 
 Property Revenues 
 Total property revenue increased 123.2 million, or 12.9 , to 1.1 billion in 2022 compared to 951.2 million in 2021. The percentage occupied at our shopping centers was 92.8 at December 31, 2022 compared to 91.1 at December 31, 2021. The most significant driver of the increase in property revenues is the ongoing recovery from the initial impacts of COVID-19 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 during 2022, as compared to 2021, when COVID-19 related restrictions were still in effect for a portion of the year. Changes in the components of property revenue are discussed below. 
 Rental Income 
 Rental income consists primarily of minimum rent, cost reimbursements from tenants and percentage rent, and is net of collectibility related adjustments. Rental income increased 124.5 million, or 13.1 , to 1.1 billion in 2022 compared to 948.8 million in 2021 due primarily to the following: 
 an increase of 39.8 million from 2021 and 2022 acquisitions, 
 an increase of 36.3 million from comparable properties primarily related to higher percentage rent, parking income, and specialty leasing of 10.7 million primarily the result of the gradual lifting of COVID-19 closures and restrictions during 2021, higher rental rates of 9.9 million, higher average occupancy of approximately 8.3 million, a 5.7 million increase in CAM recoveries on higher CAM costs, and a 3.2 million increase in tenant recoveries, partially offset by lower net termination fees and legal fee income of 2.5 million, 
 an increase of 30.6 million from non-comparable properties primarily driven by the opening of Phase III at Assembly Row in 2021, redevelopment related occupancy increases at CocoWalk, and the 2021 and 2022 openings at the Phase III office building at Pike Rose, partially offset by redevelopment related occupancy decreases at Huntington Shopping Center, 
 a 28.0 million decrease in collectibility related impacts across all properties primarily due to higher collection rates and lower rent abatements in 2022 as tenants continue to recover from the initial impacts of COVID-19, and 
 an increase of 4.2 million from improving demand at our Pike Rose hotel, 
 partially offset by 
 a decrease of 11.4 million from property sales. 
 Mortgage Interest Income 
 Mortgage interest income decreased 1.3 million, or 54.4 , to 1.1 million in 2022 compared to 2.4 million in 2021 primarily due to the repayment of 31.1 million of mortgage notes receivable in May 2021. 
 Property Expenses 
 Total property expenses increased 40.2 million, or 12.7 , to 356.8 million in 2022 compared to 316.6 million in 2021. Changes in the components of property expenses are discussed below. 
 Rental Expenses 
 Rental expenses increased 30.8 million, or 15.6 , to 229.0 million in 2022 compared to 198.1 million in 2021. This increase is primarily due to the following: 
 an increase of 12.2 million from comparable properties due primarily to higher repairs and maintenance costs, utilities, and management fees, as 2021 had lower costs as a result of COVID-19 impacts, as well as inflationary impacts in 2022 and higher insurance costs, 
 an increase of 7.7 million from 2021 and 2022 acquisitions, 
 an increase of 6.9 million from non-comparable properties due primarily to the 2021 openings of Phase III at Assembly Row, the Phase III office building at Pike Rose, and CocoWalk, as well as increased costs associated with the redevelopment of Huntington Shopping Center, and 
 an increase of 5.3 million from higher operating costs at our Pike Rose hotel largely due to lifting of COVID-19 restrictions, 
 partially offset by 
 a decrease of 1.5 million from our property sales. 
 As a result of the changes in rental income and rental expenses as discussed above, rental expenses as a percentage of rental income increased to 21.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 20.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Real Estate Taxes 
 Real estate tax expense increased 9.3 million, or 7.9 to 127.8 million in 2022 compared to 118.5 million in 2021 due primarily to the following: 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 an increase of 5.6 million from 2021 and 2022 acquisitions, 
 an increase of 2.6 million from non-comparable properties due primarily to the opening of Phase III at Assembly Row, and 
 an increase of 2.1 million from comparable properties primarily due to a true-up in 2021 of prior year supplemental taxes at one of our properties and higher assessments, 
 partially offset by 
 a decrease of 0.8 million from our property sales. 
 Property Operating Income 
 Property operating income increased 83.0 million, or 13.1 , to 717.6 million in 2022 compared to 634.6 million in 2021. This increase is primarily driven by the ongoing recovery from the initial impacts of COVID-19, which resulted in lower collectibility related adjustments and higher percentage rent, specialty leasing, and parking income, compared to 2021 during which COVID-19 related restrictions were gradually being lifted. Also contributing to the increase were property acquisitions, higher occupancy and rental rates at comparable properties, and the opening of Phase III at Assembly Row in 2021, partially offset by property sales. 
 Other Operating 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense increased 2.8 million, or 5.6 , to 52.6 million in 2022 from 49.9 million in 2021. This increase is due primarily to higher personnel related costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 22.4 million, or 8.0 , to 302.4 million in 2022 from 280.0 million in 2021. This increase is due primarily to property acquisitions, the openings of Phase III at Assembly Row, the Phase III office building at Pike Rose, and CocoWalk, partially offset by the net impact of accelerated depreciation related to 2021 and 2022 redevelopment activities and 2021 property sales. 
 Gain on Deconsolidation of VIE 
 The 70.4 million gain on deconsolidation of VIE for the year ended December 31, 2022 is the result of the deconsolidation of Escondido Promenade in connection with the execution of the related August 25, 2022 TIC agreement (see Note 3 for additional information). 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate and Change in Control of Interest 
 The 93.5 million gain on sale of real estate for the year ended December 31, 2022 is due primarily to a net gain of 84.1 million from the sale of two residential properties (including an adjacent retail pad), one retail property, and one parcel of land (see Note 3 for additional information), and a 9.3 million gain related to the reduction of our liability for estimated condemnation and transaction costs associated with the sale under threat of condemnation in December 2019 at San Antonio Center (see Note 7 for additional information). 
 The 90.0 million gain on sale of real estate for the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to the sale of two properties and portions of three properties, as well as the 2.1 million gain relating to the acquisition of the previously unconsolidated Pike Rose hotel joint venture (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income increased 131.7 million, or 33.4 , to 526.4 million in 2022 compared to 394.7 million in 2021. This increase is primarily due to the gain on the deconsolidation of a VIE, and the ongoing recovery from the impacts of COVID-19 restrictions, which resulted in lower collectibility related adjustments and higher percentage rent, specialty leasing, and parking income, compared to 2021 during which COVID-19 related restrictions were gradually being lifted. Also contributing to the increase were property acquisitions, higher occupancy and rental rates at comparable properties, and the opening of Phase III at Assembly Row in 2021, partially offset by property sales and higher personnel related costs. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 9.3 million, or 7.3 , to 137.0 million in 2022 compared to 127.7 million in 2021. This increase is due primarily to the following: 
 an increase of 5.6 million due to a higher overall weighted average borrowing rate, and 
 a decrease of 4.0 million in capitalized interest, 
 partially offset by 
 a decrease of 0.2 million due to lower weighted average borrowings. 
 Gross interest costs were 155.7 million and 150.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capitalized interest was 18.7 million and 22.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Income from Partnerships 
 Income from partnerships increased 3.9 million or 315.3 to 5.2 million in 2022 compared to 1.2 million in 2021. This increase is due primarily to improved operating results at our Assembly Row hotel joint venture and our restaurant joint ventures, largely the result of the easing of COVID-19 closures and restrictions and the forgiveness of certain loans for some of our restaurants joint ventures and at our Assembly Row hotel joint venture. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased 2.6 million, or 34.1 , to 10.2 million in 2022 compared to 7.6 million in 2021. The increase is primarily due to 2021 acquisitions and higher income at our properties with third party partners. 
 
 Discussions of year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Due to the nature of our business and strategy, we typically generate significant amounts of cash from operations which is largely paid to our common and preferred shareholders in the form of dividends because as a REIT, the Trust is generally required to make annual distributions to shareholders of at least 90 of our taxable income (cash dividends paid in 2022 were approximately 349.0 million). Remaining cash flow from operations after dividend payments is used to fund recurring and non-recurring capital projects (such as tenant improvements and redevelopments), and regular debt service requirements (including debt service relating to additional or replacement debt, as well as scheduled debt maturities). We maintain a 1.25 billion revolving credit facility to fund short term cash flow needs and also look to the public and private debt and equity markets, joint venture relationships, and property dispositions to fund capital expenditures on a long-term basis. 
 During 2022, we have continued to see improvements in overall cash collections from tenants with collection rates nearing pre-pandemic levels. We have also taken multiple steps over the past two years to strengthen our financial position, maximize liquidity, and to provide maximum flexibility during these uncertain times. On October 5, 2022, we amended our revolving credit facility increasing the borrowing capacity from 1.0 billion to 1.25 billion and extending the maturity date to April 5, 2027, plus two six-month extensions at our option. Additionally, we have an option (subject to bank approval) to increase the credit facility through an accordion feature to 1.75 billion. We also amended our unsecured term loan, borrowing an additional 300.0 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there is no balance outstanding on our 1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and we had cash and cash equivalents of 85.6 million. For the year ended 2022, the weighted average amount of borrowings outstanding on our revolving credit facility was 80.3 million, and the weighted average interest rate, before amortization of debt fees, was 3.2 . We also have the capacity to issue up to 452.0 million in common shares under the ATM program. We have 275.0 million of debt maturing in 2023. 
 Our overall capital requirements during 2023 will be impacted by the overall economic environment including impacts of inflation, supply chain issues, and a potential recession, as well as acquisition opportunities and the level and general timing of our redevelopment and development activities. We currently have development and redevelopment projects in various stages of construction with remaining costs of 274 million. We expect to incur the majority of those costs in the next two years. We expect overall capital costs to be at levels consistent with 2022 or slightly reduced as we complete current redevelopment 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 projects, prepare vacant space for new tenants, and complete the current phase and start on the next phase of our larger mixed use development projects. 
 We believe cash flow from operations, the cash on our balance sheet, and our 1.25 billion revolving credit facility will allow us to continue to operate our business in the short-term. Given our ability to access the capital markets, we also expect debt or equity to be available to us, although newly issued debt would likely be at higher interest rates than we currently have outstanding. We also have the ability to delay the timing of certain development and redevelopment projects as well as limit future acquisitions, reduce our operating expenditures, or re-evaluate our dividend policy. We expect these sources of liquidity and opportunities for operating flexibility to allow us to meet our financial obligations over the long term. While we have seen significant improvements from the initial negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, it, along with the overall state of the economy continues to affect our overall business, and we expect it will continue to negatively impact our business in the short term. However, we intend to operate with and to maintain our long term commitment to a conservative capital structure that will allow us to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed-charge coverage ratios as part of our commitment to investment-grade debt ratings. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 516,769 471,352 Net cash used in investing activities (785,998) (660,118) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 190,414 (452,967) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (78,815) (641,733) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year 175,163 816,896 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 96,348 175,163 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 45.4 million to 516.8 million during 2022 from 471.4 million during 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to higher net income before non-cash items and gains on sale of real estate, partially offset by the timing of collections of real estate tax reconciliation billings during 2021 and the timing of payments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 125.9 million to 786.0 million during 2022 from 660.1 million during 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to: 
 a 72.0 million increase in acquisition of real estate primarily due to 2022 property acquisitions (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information), as compared to 2021 property acquisitions, 
 the 31.1 million payoff of two mortgage notes receivable in May 2021, 
 a 20.0 million increase in investment in partnerships, resulting from the 2022 acquisition of a 47.5 net interest in an unconsolidated joint venture that owns two shopping centers (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information), and 
 18.0 million for net costs paid in 2022 relating to the partial sale under threat of condemnation at San Antonio Center in 2019, 
 partially offset by 
 a 23.8 million decrease in net capital expenditures. 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 643.4 million to 190.4 million provided during 2022 from 453.0 million used during 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to: 
 298.6 million in net proceeds from our unsecured term loan in October 2022, 
 a 258.2 million decrease in repayment of mortgages, finance leases, and notes payable primarily due to the 16.1 million mortgage loan repayment on one of the buildings at our Hoboken property in June 2022, as compared to the 140.9 million net repayments of four mortgage loans in 2021, the 100.0 million partial repayment of our 400.0 term loan which was amended in April 2021, and the 31.5 million repayment of the mortgage loan related to the Pike Rose hotel in January 2021, and 
 134.3 million increase in net proceeds from the issuance of common shares under our ATM equity program for net proceeds of 306.8 million and 172.7 million, respectively, during 2022 and 2021, 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 partially offset by, 
 a 27.6 million increase in distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests primarily related to our acquisition of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in the partnership that owns the Plaza El Segundo shopping center for 23.6 million, and 
 an 11.6 million increase in dividends paid to shareholders due to an increase in the common share dividend rate and an increase in the number of common shares outstanding. 
 Cash Requirements 
 The following table provides a summary of material cash requirements comprising our fixed, noncancelable obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Cash Requirements by Period Total Next Twelve Months Greater than Twelve Months (In thousands) Fixed and variable rate debt (principal only) (1) 4,344,474 278,893 4,065,581 Fixed and variable rate debt - our share of unconsolidated real estate partnerships (principal only)(2) 64,183 20,248 43,935 Lease obligations (minimum rental payments) (3)(4) 358,276 65,488 292,788 Redevelopments/capital expenditure contracts 262,081 244,096 17,985 Real estate commitments (5) 11,091 11,091 Total estimated cash requirements 5,040,105 608,725 4,431,380 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The weighted average interest rate on our fixed and variable rate debt is 3.7 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The weighted average interest rate on the fixed and variable rate debt related to our unconsolidated real estate partnerships is 4.05 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) This includes minimum rental payments related to both finance and operating leases. 
 (4) Lease obligations in the next twelve months include the 55 million fixed purchase price option for Mercer Mall as discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (5) This includes the liability related to the sale under threat of condemnation at San Antonio Center as further discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition to the amounts set forth in the table above and other liquidity requirements previously discussed, the following potential commitments exist: 
 (a) Under the terms of the Congressional Plaza partnership agreement, a minority partner has the right to require us and the other minority partner to purchase its 26.63 interest in Congressional Plaza at the interest s then-current fair market value. If the other minority partner defaults in their obligation, we must purchase the full interest. Based on management s current estimate of fair market value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately 62 million to 65 million. 
 (b) Under the terms of various other partnership agreements, the partners have the right to exchange their operating partnership units for cash or the same number of our common shares, at our option. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 644,554 downREIT operating partnership units are outstanding. 
 (c) The other member in The Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35 has the right to require us to purchase all of its approximately 4.1 interest in The Grove at Shrewsbury and approximately 6.5 interest in Brook 35 at the interests' then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair market value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from 6 million to 7 million. 
 (d) Effective September 18, 2023, the other member in Hoboken has the right to require us to purchase all of its 10 ownership interest at the interest's then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair market value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from 8 million to 9 million. 
 (e) Effective June 14, 2026, the other member in Camelback Colonnade and Hilton Village has the right to require us to purchase all of its 2.0 ownership interest at the interest's then-current fair market value. Based on management's current 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from 4 million to 5 million. 
 (f) Effective October 6, 2027, the other member in the partnership that owns equity method investments in Chandler Festival and Chandler Gateway has the right to require us to purchase its 2.5 net ownership interest. Based on management's current estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from 1 million and 2 million. 
 (g) Effective June 1, 2029, the other member in Grossmont Center has the right to require us to purchase all of its 40.0 ownership interest at the interest's then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from 68 million to 73 million. 
 (h) At December 31, 2022, we had letters of credit outstanding of approximately 6.7 million. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, we have four real estate related equity method investments with total debt outstanding of 154.1 million, of which our share is 63.8 million. Our investment in these ventures at December 31, 2022 was 34.0 million. 
 Other than the items disclosed in the Cash Requirements table, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements, or capital resources. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Financing Arrangements 
 The following is a summary of our total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Description of Debt Original Debt Issued Principal Balance as of December 31, 2022 Stated Interest Rate as of December 31, 2022 Maturity Date (Dollars in thousands) Mortgages payable Secured fixed rate Azalea Acquired 40,000 3.73 November 1, 2025 Bell Gardens Acquired 11,835 4.06 August 1, 2026 Plaza El Segundo 125,000 125,000 3.83 June 5, 2027 The Grove at Shrewsbury (East) 43,600 43,600 3.77 September 1, 2027 Brook 35 11,500 11,500 4.65 July 1, 2029 Hoboken (24 Buildings) (1) 56,450 55,060 LIBOR + 1.95 December 15, 2029 Various Hoboken (14 Buildings) Acquired 30,876 Various (2) Various through 2029 Chelsea Acquired 4,446 5.36 January 15, 2031 Subtotal 322,317 Net unamortized debt issuance costs and premium (1,702) Total mortgages payable, net 320,615 Notes payable Term Loan (3)(5) 600,000 600,000 SOFR + 0.85 April 16, 2024 Revolving credit facility (3)(4)(5) 1,250,000 SOFR + 0.775 April 5, 2027 Various 7,239 2,957 Various (6) Various through 2059 Subtotal 602,957 Net unamortized debt issuance costs (1,880) Total notes payable, net 601,077 Senior notes and debentures Unsecured fixed rate 2.75 notes 275,000 275,000 2.75 June 1, 2023 3.95 notes 600,000 600,000 3.95 January 15, 2024 1.25 notes 400,000 400,000 1.25 February 15, 2026 7.48 debentures 50,000 29,200 7.48 August 15, 2026 3.25 notes 475,000 475,000 3.25 July 15, 2027 6.82 medium term notes 40,000 40,000 6.82 August 1, 2027 3.20 notes 400,000 400,000 3.20 June 15, 2029 3.50 notes 400,000 400,000 3.50 June 1, 2030 4.50 notes 550,000 550,000 4.50 December 1, 2044 3.625 notes 250,000 250,000 3.625 August 1, 2046 Subtotal 3,419,200 Net unamortized debt issuance costs and premium (11,499) Total senior notes and debentures, net 3,407,701 Total debt, net 4,329,393 
 _____________________ 
 (1) On November 26, 2019, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements that fix the interest rate on the mortgage loan at 3.67 . 
 (2) The interest rates on these mortgages range from 3.91 to 5.00 . 
 (3) Our revolving credit facility SOFR loans bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR as defined in the credit agreement and our term loan bears interest at Term SOFR, plus 0.10 , plus a spread, based on our current credit rating. 
 (4) The maximum amount drawn under our revolving credit facility during 2022 was 330.0 million and the weighted average effective interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility, before amortization of debt fees, was 3.2 . 
 (5) The Operating Partnership is the obligor under our revolving credit facility, term loan, and senior notes and debentures. 
 (6) The interest rates on these notes payable range from 3.00 to 11.31 . 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Our revolving credit facility, unsecured term loan, and other debt agreements include financial and other covenants that may limit our operating activities in the future. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants related to our revolving credit facility, term loan, and senior notes. Additionally, we were in compliance with all of the financial and other covenants that could trigger a loan default on our mortgage loans. If we were to breach any of these financial and other covenants and did not cure the breach within an applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt immediately and, if the debt is secured, could immediately begin proceedings to take possession of the property securing the loan. Many of our debt arrangements, including our public notes and our revolving credit facility, are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can put us in default and require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other debt obligations. As a result, any default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations and the market value of our shares. Our organizational documents do not limit the level or amount of debt that we may incur. 
 The following is a summary of our scheduled principal repayments as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Unsecured Secured Total (In thousands) 2023 275,755 3,138 278,893 2024 1,200,671 (1) 3,299 1,203,970 2025 418 47,630 48,048 2026 429,276 26,240 455,516 2027 515,037 (2) 178,278 693,315 Thereafter 1,601,000 63,732 1,664,732 4,022,157 322,317 4,344,474 (3) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Our 600.0 million term loan matures on April 16, 2024, plus two one-year extensions, at our option. 
 (2) Our 1.25 billion revolving credit facility matures on April 5, 2027, plus two six-month extensions, at our option. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under this credit facility. 
 (3) The total debt maturities differ from the total reported on the consolidated balance sheet due to the unamortized net debt issuance costs and premium/discount on mortgage loans, notes payable, and senior notes as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Rate Hedging 
 We may use derivative instruments to manage exposure to variable interest rate risk. We generally enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to variable interest rate risk and treasury locks to manage the risk of interest rates rising prior to the issuance of debt. We enter into derivative instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges and do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
 Interest rate swaps associated with cash flow hedges are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Effectiveness of cash flow hedges is assessed both at inception and on an ongoing basis. The effective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with cash flow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) which is included in "accumulated other comprehensive loss" on the balance sheet and statement of shareholders' equity. Cash flow hedges become ineffective if critical terms of the hedging instrument and the debt instrument do not perfectly match such as notional amounts, settlement dates, reset dates, calculation period and LIBOR rate. In addition, the default risk of the counterparty is evaluated by monitoring the credit worthiness of the counterparty which includes reviewing debt ratings and financial performance. If a cash flow hedge is deemed ineffective, the ineffective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with cash flow hedges is recognized in earnings in the period affected. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have two interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix the interest rate on a mortgage payable associated with our Hoboken portfolio at 3.67 . Our Assembly Row hotel joint venture is also a party to two interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix their debt at 5.206 . All swaps were designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. Hedge ineffectiveness has not impacted our earnings in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 REIT Qualification 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to maintain our qualification as a REIT under Section 856(c) of the Code. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to corporate federal income taxes on income we distribute to our shareholders as long as we satisfy certain technical requirements of the Code, including the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income to our shareholders. 
 Funds From Operations 
 Funds from operations FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies operating performance. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT defines FFO as follows: net income, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization, and excluding gains and losses on the sale of real estate or changes in control, net of tax, and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. We compute FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition, and we have historically reported our FFO available for common shareholders in addition to our net income and net cash provided by operating activities. It should be noted that FFO: 
 does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP (which, unlike FFO, generally reflects all cash effects of transactions and other events in the determination of net income); 
 should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance; and 
 is not necessarily indicative of cash flow as a measure of liquidity or ability to fund cash needs, including the payment of dividends. 
 We consider FFO available for common shareholders a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance primarily because it excludes the assumption that the value of the real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, as implied by the historical cost convention of GAAP and the recording of depreciation. We use FFO primarily as one of several means of assessing our operating performance in comparison with other REITs. Comparison of our presentation of FFO to similarly titled measures for other REITs may not necessarily be meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. 
 An increase or decrease in FFO available for common shareholders does not necessarily result in an increase or decrease in aggregate distributions because our Board of Trustees is not required to increase distributions on a quarterly basis. However, we must distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income to remain qualified as a REIT. Therefore, a significant increase in FFO will generally require an increase in distributions to shareholders although not necessarily on a proportionate basis. 
 The reconciliation of net income to FFO available for common shareholders is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Net income 395,661 269,081 135,888 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (10,170) (7,583) (4,182) Gain on deconsolidation of a VIE (70,374) Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interests, net (93,483) (89,892) (91,922) Impairment charge, net 50,728 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 266,741 243,711 228,850 Amortization of initial direct costs of leases 27,268 26,051 20,415 Funds from operations 515,643 441,368 339,777 Dividends on preferred shares (1) (7,500) (8,042) (8,042) Income attributable to operating partnership units 2,810 2,998 3,151 Income attributable to unvested shares (1,797) (1,581) (1,037) Funds from operations available for common shareholders (2) 509,156 434,743 333,849 Weighted average number of common shares, diluted (1)(2)(3) 80,603 78,072 76,261 Funds from operations available for common shareholders, per diluted share (2) 6.32 5.57 4.38 
 _____________________ 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, dividends on our Series 1 preferred stock were not deducted in the calculation of FFO available to common shareholders, as the related shares were dilutive and included in "weighted average common shares, diluted." 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2020, FFO available for common shareholders includes an 11.2 million charge related to early extinguishment of debt. If this charge was excluded, our FFO available for common shareholders for 2020 would have been 345.0 million, and FFO available for common shareholders, per diluted share would have been 4.52. 
 (3) The weighted average common shares used to compute FFO per diluted common share includes downREIT operating partnership units that were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. Conversion of these operating partnership units is dilutive in the computation of FFO per diluted common share but is anti-dilutive for the computation of diluted EPS for 2021 and 2020. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our use of financial instruments, such as debt instruments, subjects us to market risk which may affect our future earnings and cash flows, as well as the fair value of our assets. Market risk generally refers to the risk of loss from changes in interest rates and market prices. We manage our market risk by attempting to match anticipated inflow of cash from our operating, investing and financing activities with anticipated outflow of cash to fund debt payments, dividends to common and preferred shareholders, investments, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. 
 We may enter into certain types of derivative financial instruments to further reduce interest rate risk. We use interest rate protection and swap agreements, for example, to convert some of our variable rate debt to a fixed-rate basis or to hedge anticipated financing transactions. We use derivatives for hedging purposes rather than speculation and do not enter into financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The following discusses the effect of hypothetical changes in market rates of interest on interest expense for our variable rate debt and on the fair value of our total outstanding debt, including our fixed-rate debt. Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our debt. Quoted market prices were used to estimate the fair value of our marketable senior notes and debentures and discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to estimate the fair value of our mortgages and notes payable. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of financial instruments. This analysis does not purport to take into account all of the factors that may affect our debt, such as the effect that a changing interest rate environment could have on the overall level of economic activity or the action that our management might take to reduce our exposure to the change. This analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. 
 
 Fixed Interest Rate Debt 
 The majority of our outstanding debt obligations (maturing at various times through 2059) have fixed interest rates which limit the risk of fluctuating interest rates. However, interest rate fluctuations may affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt instruments. At December 31, 2022, we had 3.7 billion of fixed-rate debt outstanding, including 55.1 million in mortgage payables that are effectively fixed by two interest rate swap agreements. If market interest rates used to calculate the fair value on our fixed-rate debt instruments at December 31, 2022 had been 1.0 higher, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have decreased by approximately 164.6 million. If market interest rates used to calculate the fair value on our fixed-rate debt instruments at December 31, 2022 had been 1.0 lower, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have increased by approximately 184.6 million. 
 Variable Interest Rate Debt 
 Generally, we believe that our primary interest rate risk is due to fluctuations in interest rates on our outstanding variable rate debt. At December 31, 2022, we had 600.0 million of variable rate debt outstanding (the principal balance on our unsecured term loan). Based upon this amount of variable rate debt and the specific terms, if market interest rates increased 1.0 , our annual interest expense would increase approximately 6.0 million with a corresponding decrease in our net income and cash flows for the year. Conversely, if market interest rates decreased 1.0 , our annual interest expense would decrease by approximately 6.0 million with a corresponding increase in our net income and cash flows for the year. 
 While no amounts were outstanding at December 31, 2022, we have a 1.25 billion revolving credit facility that bears interest at a variable rate. If we increase our outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility in the future, additional decreases to future earnings and cash flows could occur. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data are included as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Management's Evaluations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Trust and the Operating Partnership maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Trust and the Operating Partnership's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 Our management, with the participation of the Trust and the Operating Partnership s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Trust and the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Trust and the Operating Partnership s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Trust and the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Evaluations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Trust and the Operating Partnership s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Trust and the Operating Partnership s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Trustees, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and our Trustees; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of any of our assets in circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 We assessed the effectiveness of the Trust and the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on that assessment and criteria, management concluded that the Trust and the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Trust and the Operating Partnership's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Trust and the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting, which appears on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 Certain information required in Part III is omitted from this Report but is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (as amended or supplemented, the Proxy Statement ). 
 
 ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The tables and narrative in the Proxy Statement identifying our Trustees and Board committees under the caption Election of Trustees and Corporate Governance , the sections of the Proxy Statement entitled Executive Officers and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 10 are incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics, which is applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. The Code of Ethics is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Investors section of our website at www.federalrealty.com . 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled Summary Compensation Table, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Committee Report, Trustee Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 11 are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled Share Ownership and Equity Compensation Plan Information and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 12 are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND TRUSTEE INDEPENDENCE 
 The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled Certain Relationship and Related Transactions and Independence of Trustees and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 13 are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The sections of the Proxy Statement entitled Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and other information included in the Proxy Statement required by this Item 14 are incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, together with Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F- 1 . 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Our financial statement schedules are included in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F- 40 . 
 (3) Exhibits 
 (b) The following documents are filed as exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference info, this report: 

52 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated December 2, 2021, by and among the Predecessor, the Parent Company, and Merger Sub (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Parent Company dated January 1, 2022, as amended by the Articles of Amendment of Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated January 1, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Trust's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Parent Company dated January 1, 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.3 Articles of Merger, dated December 8, 2021, by and among Merger Sub and the Predecessor (previously filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Parent Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.4 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Federal Realty OP LP (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.5 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Federal Realty OP LP, dated as of January 5, 2022, by and between Federal Realty GP LLC and the Parent Company (Previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.1 Specimen Common Share certificate (previously filed as Exhibit 4(i) to the Predecessor s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 Indenture dated December 1, 1993 related to the Partnership s 7.48 Debentures due August 15, 2026; and 6.82 Medium Term Notes due August 1, 2027; (previously filed as Exhibit 4(a) to the Predecessor s Registration Statement on Form S-3, and amended on Form S-3, filed on December 13, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference) 4.3 Indenture dated September 1, 1998 related to the Partnership s 2.75 Notes due 2023; 3.95 Notes due 2024; 4.50 Notes due 2044; 2.55 Notes due 2021; 3.625 Notes due 2046; 3.25 Notes due 2027; 3.20 Notes due 2029; 3.50 Notes due 2030; 1.25 Notes due 2026 (previously filed as Exhibit 4(a) to the Predecessor s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on September 17, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 5, 2022, by and between Federal Realty OP LP and U.S. Bank National Association, with respect to the Partnership's Indenture dated December 1, 1993 related to the Partnership's 7.48 Debentures due August 15, 2026 and 6.82 Medium Term Notes due August 1, 2027 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 5, 2022, by and between Federal Realty OP LP and U.S. Bank National Association, with respect to the Partnership's Indenture dated September 1, 1998 related to the Partnership's 2.75 Notes due 2023; 3.95 Notes due 2024; 4.50 Notes due 2044; 2.55 Notes due 2021; 3.625 Notes due 2046; 3.25 Notes due 2027; 3.20 Notes due 2029; 3.50 Notes due 2030; 1.25 Notes due 2026 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.6 Deposit Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2017, by and among Federal Realty Investment Trust, American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC, as Depositary, and all holders from time to time of Receipt (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Predecessor's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on September 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.7 Specimen certificate relating to the 5.000 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest (previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Predecessor's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on September 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.8 Description of Securities (previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated here by reference) 
 10.1 Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 22, 1999 (previously filed as a portion of Exhibit 10 to the Predecessor's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999 (the "1999 1Q Form 10-Q") and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2 Executive Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 22, 1999 (previously filed as a portion of Exhibit 10 to the Predecessor's 1999 1Q Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.3 Amendment to Executive Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 16, 2005 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Predecessor s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 (the 2004 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.4 Health Coverage Continuation Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated February 16, 2005 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Predecessor's 2004 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.5 Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Dawn M. Becker dated April 19, 2000 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Predecessor s 2005 2Q Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.6 Amendment to Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Dawn M. Becker dated February 16, 2005 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Predecessor's 2004 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for long term vesting and retention awards for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 (the "2010 Form 10-K") and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.8 Amendment to Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Predecessor s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 the 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.9 Second Amendment to Executive Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Predecessor s 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.10 Amendment to Health Coverage Continuation Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Donald C. Wood dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Predecessor s 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.11 Second Amendment to Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Dawn M. Becker dated January 1, 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Predecessor s 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.12 2010 Performance Incentive Plan (previously filed as Appendix A to the Predecessor s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.13 Amendment to 2010 Performance Incentive Plan the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Appendix A to the Predecessor s Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program and the Trust s Annual Incentive Bonus Program and basic awards with annual vesting for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Predecessor s 2010 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.15 Form of Option Award Agreement for awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Predecessor s 2010 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.16 Form of Option Award Agreement for front loaded awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Predecessor s 2010 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.17 Form of Option Award Agreement for basic options awarded out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Predecessor s 2010 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.18 Revised Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for front loaded awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (the "2012 Form 10-K") and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.19 Revised Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for long-term vesting and retention awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Predecessor's 2012 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.20 Revised Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for shares awarded out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Predecessor's 2012 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.21 Revised Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program and the Trust s Annual Incentive Bonus Program and basic awards with annual vesting for shares issued out of the 2010 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Predecessor's 2012 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.22 Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Daniel Guglielmone dated August 15, 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Predecessor's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.23 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2019, by and among the Predecessor, each of the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 29, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.24 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (previously filed as Appendix B to the Predecessor s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.25 Term Loan Agreement dated as of May 6, 2020, by and among the Predecessor, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto and their permitted assignees under Section 12.6., as Lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Regions Bank, Truist Bank, and U.S. Bank National Bank Association as Co-Syndication Agents, PNC Capital Markets, LLC, Regions Capital Markets, Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Book Managers (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.26 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020, by and among the Predecessor, each of the Lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.27 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program and the Trust s Annual Incentive Bonus Program and basic awards with annual vesting for shares issued out of the 2020 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 11, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.28 Form of Option Award Agreement for awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2020 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 11, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.29 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for long-term vesting and retention awards made under Federal Realty Investment Trust s Long-Term Incentive Award Program for shares issued out of the 2020 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 11, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.30 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for shares awarded out of the 2020 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on From 10-K, filed on February 11, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.31 Form of Option Award Agreement for basic options awarded out of the 2020 Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Predecessor's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 11, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.32 Form of Performance Award Agreement for Jeffrey S. Berkes, dated February 10, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Predecessor s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 12, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.33 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Jeffery S. Berkes, dated February 10, 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Predecessor's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.34 First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2021, by and among the Predecessor, as borrower, the Lenders, New Lenders, Departing Lenders (as each such term is defined therein) and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Predecessor's Current Report on From 8-K, filed on April 19, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.35 Omnibus Assignment, Assumption and Amendment entered into between the Predecessor and the Parent Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.36 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Consent, dated as of January 1, 2022, by and among the Predecessor, as borrower, each of the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.37 Second Amendment to Term Loan Agreement and Consent, dated as of January 1, 2022, by and among the Predecessor, as borrower, each of the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.38 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2022, by and among the Partnership, as borrower, each of the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10. 1 to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.39 Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2022, by and among the Partnership, as borrower, each of the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10. 2 to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Federal Realty Investment Trust and Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP (filed herewith) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 
 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 
 31.4 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 
 32.3 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 
 32.4 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 
 101 The following materials from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (1) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (3) the Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity, (4) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (5) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements that have been detail tagged. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 Pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(4)(iii), the Trust and the Partnership by this filing agree, upon request, to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Trust and the Partnership. 
 In this Exhibit Index, the term "Predecessor" refers to Federal Realty Investment Trust before the effectiveness of our UPREIT conversion as described in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 3 and 5, 2022. Upon completion of the UPREIT conversion, the Partnership became the successor to the Predecessor's right and obligations under this instrument. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized this February 8, 2023. 
 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust Federal Realty OP LP By: / S / D ONALD C. W OOD 
 Donald C. Wood Chief Executive Officer and Trustee 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of Donald C. Wood and Dawn M. Becker as his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Report and to file same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, granting unto such attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary in connection with such matters and hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Signature Title Date / S / D ONALD C. W OOD 
 Chief Executive Officer and Trustee February 8, 2023 Donald C. Wood (Principal Executive Officer) / S / D ANIEL G UGLIELMONE 
 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial February 8, 2023 Daniel Guglielmone Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) / S / D AVID W. F AEDER 
 Non -Executive Chairman February 8, 2023 David W. Faeder /S/ E LIZABETH I. H OLLAND 
 Trustee February 8, 2023 Elizabeth I. Holland /S/ N ICOLE Y. L AMB-HALE 
 Trustee February 8, 2023 Nicole Y. Lamb-Hale /S/ THOMAS A. MCEACHIN Trustee February 8, 2023 Thomas A. McEachin /S/ A NTHONY P. N ADER, III 
 Trustee February 8, 2023 Anthony P. Nader, III / S / G AIL P. S TEINEL 
 Trustee February 8, 2023 Gail P. Steinel 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8 and Item 15(a)(1) and (2) 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 2 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F- 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F- 11 
 Federal Realty OP LP: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-12 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-13 
 Consolidated Statements of Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-14 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-15 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 16 
 Financial Statement Schedules Schedule III Summary of Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation F- 40 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate F- 48 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted either because the information is not applicable, not material, or is disclosed in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Trustees and Shareholders 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Federal Realty Investment Trust (a Maryland real estate investment trust) and subsidiaries (collectively, the "Trust") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). In our opinion, the Trust maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Trust as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Trust s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Evaluation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 8, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Trustees and Shareholders 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Federal Realty Investment Trust (a Maryland real estate investment trust) and subsidiaries (collectively, the "Trust") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trust as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trust s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Lease Collectibility Assessment 
 In order to recognize rental revenue on an accrual basis, the Trust must determine whether substantially all the rents due under a lease arrangement are collectible. If the Trust reaches the conclusion that substantially all of the rents are not collectible for a specific lease, then rental revenue under that arrangement can only be recognized when cash payment from the tenant is received. 
 
 Significant judgment is exercised by the Trust when making a collectibility assessment and includes the following considerations which require challenging and subjective auditor judgment in the execution of our audit procedures: 
 Creditworthiness of the tenant 
 Current economic conditions 
 Historical experience with the tenant and other tenants operating in the same industry 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the collectibility assessment included the following: 
 We assessed the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls relating to the collectibility assessment process. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluated management s accounting policies related to this assessment. 
 We verified the completeness of the population of tenants that management evaluated. 
 We researched recent publicly available information such as bankruptcy filings, industry journals, and periodicals, and for any of the Trust s tenants identified in our research, we evaluated whether such information was considered in management s collectibility assessment. 
 For a selection of tenant receivables where collectibility was deemed as probable, we inspected and evaluated management s documentation supporting the collectibility assessment. 
 We recalculated the aging for a selection of tenant receivable balances using supporting documentation. 
 For a selection of leases, we evaluated the collectibility assessment conclusion reached by management and performed the following procedures for each selection: 
 Verified that management s accounting policies related to the collectibility assessment were followed. 
 Obtained from management documentation such as tenant collection history and any direct correspondence and evaluated management s considerations supporting the collectibility assessment conclusion reached. 
 Researched publicly available information to independently verify the completeness and accuracy of management s information used to make the collectibility assessment. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Trust s auditor since 2002. 
 
 February 8, 2023 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Trustees and Unitholders 
 Federal Realty OP LP 

Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Federal Realty OP LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Operating Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Evaluation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 8, 2023 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Trustees and Unitholders 
 Federal Realty OP LP 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Federal Realty OP LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiaries (collectively, the "Operating Partnership") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Lease Collectibility Assessment 
 In order to recognize rental revenue on an accrual basis, the Operating Partnership must determine whether substantially all the rents due under a lease arrangement are collectible. If the Operating Partnership reaches the conclusion that substantially all of the rents are not collectible for a specific lease, then rental revenue under that arrangement can only be recognized when cash payment from the tenant is received. 
 
 Significant judgment is exercised by the Operating Partnership when making a collectibility assessment and includes the following considerations which require challenging and subjective auditor judgment in the execution of our audit procedures: 
 Creditworthiness of the tenant 
 Current economic conditions 
 Historical experience with the tenant and other tenants operating in the same industry 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the collectibility assessment included the following: 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 We assessed the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls relating to the collectibility assessment process. 
 We evaluated management s accounting policies related to this assessment. 
 We verified the completeness of the population of tenants that management evaluated. 
 We researched recent publicly available information such as bankruptcy filings, industry journals, and periodicals, and for any of the Operating Partnership s tenants identified in our research, we evaluated whether such information was considered in management s collectibility assessment. 
 For a selection of tenant receivables where collectibility was deemed as probable, we inspected and evaluated management s documentation supporting the collectibility assessment. 
 We recalculated the aging for a selection of tenant receivable balances using supporting documentation. 
 For a selection of leases, we evaluated the collectibility assessment conclusion reached by management and performed the following procedures for each selection: 
 Verified that management s accounting policies related to the collectibility assessment were followed. 
 Obtained from management documentation such as tenant collection history and any direct correspondence and evaluated management s considerations supporting the collectibility assessment conclusion reached. 
 Researched publicly available information to independently verify the completeness and accuracy of management s information used to make the collectibility assessment. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Operating Partnership's auditor since 2022. 
 
 February 8, 2023 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share and per share data) ASSETS Real estate, at cost Operating (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 Construction-in-progress (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 ) ) Net real estate Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Mortgage notes receivable, net Investment in partnerships Operating lease right of use assets, net Finance lease right of use assets, net Prepaid expenses and other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Mortgages payable, net (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 Notes payable, net Senior notes and debentures, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Dividends payable Security deposits payable Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other liabilities and deferred credits Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Shareholders equity Preferred shares, authorized shares, par: 
 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, (stated at liquidation preference per share), shares issued and outstanding 
 Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, (stated at liquidation preference per share), and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Common shares of beneficial interest, par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated dividends in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity of the Trust Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) REVENUE Rental income Mortgage interest income Total revenue EXPENSES Rental expenses Real estate taxes General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Impairment charge ) Gain on deconsolidation of VIE Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interest, net of tax OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE) Other interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Early extinguishment of debt ) Income (loss) from partnerships ) NET INCOME Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE TRUST Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) NET INCOME AVAILABLE FOR COMMON SHAREHOLDERS EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC Net income available for common shareholders Weighted average number of common shares EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, DILUTED Net income available for common shareholders Weighted average number of common shares NET INCOME Other comprehensive income (loss) - change in value of interest rate swaps ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE TRUST 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity 
 Shareholders Equity of the Trust Preferred Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Dividends in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands, except share data) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) ) January 1, 2020 adoption of new accounting standard ) ) Net income, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive loss - change in value of interest rate swaps, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Dividends declared to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared to preferred shareholders ) ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common shares issued, net Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Conversion and redemption of downREIT OP units ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Net income, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Dividends declared to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared to preferred shareholders ) ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common shares issued, net Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Conversion and redemption of downREIT OP units ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net income, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Dividends declared to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared to preferred shareholders ) ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common shares issued, net Exercise of stock options Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Conversion of preferred shares ) ) Conversion and redemption of downREIT OP units ) ) Deconsolidation of VIE Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment charge Gain on deconsolidation of VIE ) Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interest, net of tax ) ) ) Early extinguishment of debt (Income) loss from partnerships ) ) Straight-line rent ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and dispositions: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable, net ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Increase (decrease) in security deposits and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of real estate ) ) ) Capital expenditures - development and redevelopment ) ) ) Capital expenditures - other ) ) ) Costs associated with property sold under threat of condemnation, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Change in cash from deconsolidation of VIE ) Investment in partnerships ) ) ) Distribution from partnerships in excess of earnings Leasing costs ) ) ) (Issuance) repayment of mortgage and other notes receivable, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Costs to amend revolving credit facility ) ) Issuance of senior notes, net of costs Redemption and retirement of senior notes ) Issuance of notes payable, net of costs Repayment of mortgages, finance leases, and notes payable ) ) ) Issuance of common shares, net of costs Dividends paid to common and preferred shareholders ) ) ) Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

Federal Realty OP LP 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except unit data) ASSETS Real estate, at cost Operating (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 Construction-in-progress (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 ) ) Net real estate Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Mortgage notes receivable, net Investment in partnerships Operating lease right of use assets, net Finance lease right of use assets, net Prepaid expenses and other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Liabilities Mortgages payable, net (including and of consolidated variable interest entities, respectively) 
 Notes payable, net Senior notes and debentures, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Dividends payable Security deposits payable Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other liabilities and deferred credits Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Partner capital Preferred units, and units issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Common units, and units issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total partner capital Noncontrolling interests in consolidated partnerships Total capital TOTAL LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty OP LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per unit data) REVENUE Rental income Mortgage interest income Total revenue EXPENSES Rental expenses Real estate taxes General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Impairment charge ) Gain on deconsolidation of VIE Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interest, net of tax OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE) Other interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Early extinguishment of debt ) Income (loss) from partnerships ) NET INCOME Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP Dividends on preferred units ) ) ) NET INCOME AVAILABLE FOR COMMON UNIT HOLDERS EARNINGS PER COMMON UNIT, BASIC Net income available for common unit holders Weighted average number of common units EARNINGS PER COMMON UNIT, DILUTED Net income available for common unit holders Weighted average number of common units NET INCOME Other comprehensive income (loss) - change in value of interest rate swaps ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty OP LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Capital 
 Preferred Units Common Units Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Partner Capital Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Partnerships Total Capital BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) January 1, 2020 adoption of new accounting standard ) ) ) Net income, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive loss - change in fair value of interest rate swaps, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Distributions declared to common unit holders ) ) ) Distributions declared to preferred unit holders ) ) ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests in consolidated partnerships, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common units issued as a result of common stock issued by Parent Company, net of issuance costs Common units issued under dividend reinvestment plan Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Common units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Conversion and redemption of downREIT OP units ) ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) Net income, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income - change in fair value of interest rate swaps, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Distributions declared to common unit holders ) ) ) Distributions declared to preferred unit holders ) ) ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests in consolidated partnerships, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common units issued as a result of common stock issued by Parent Company, net of issuance costs Common units issued under dividend reinvestment plan Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Common units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Conversion of downREIT OP units ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) Net income, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income - change in fair value of interest rate swaps, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Distributions declared to common unit holders ) ) ) Distributions declared to preferred unit holders ) ) ) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interests in consolidated partnerships, excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common units issued as a result of common stock issued by Parent Company, net of issuance costs Exercise of stock options Common units issued under dividend reinvestment plan Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Common units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Conversion of preferred units ) Conversion and redemption of downREIT OP units ) ) Deconsolidation of VIE Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty OP LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment charge Gain on deconsolidation of VIE ) Gain on sale of real estate and change in control of interest, net of tax ) ) ) Early extinguishment of debt (Income) loss from partnerships ) ) Straight-line rent ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and dispositions: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable, net ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Increase (decrease) in security deposits and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of real estate ) ) ) Capital expenditures - development and redevelopment ) ) ) Capital expenditures - other ) ) ) Costs associated with property sold under threat of condemnation, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Change in cash from deconsolidation of VIE ) Investment in partnerships ) ) ) Distribution from partnerships in excess of earnings Leasing costs ) ) ) (Issuance) repayment of mortgage and other notes receivable, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Costs to amend revolving credit facility ) ) Issuance of senior notes, net of costs Redemption and retirement of senior notes ) Issuance of notes payable, net of costs Repayment of mortgages, finance leases, and notes payable ) ) ) Issuance of common units, net of costs Dividends paid to common and preferred unit holders ) ) ) Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 Federal Realty OP LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 1 
 predominantly retail real estate projects. 
 We operate in a manner intended to enable the Trust to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. A REIT that distributes at least of its taxable income to its shareholders each year and meets certain other conditions is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. 
 Impacts of COVID-19 Pandemic and General Economic Conditions 

NOTE 2 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

million of rent. We have subsequently collected approximately million of those amounts previously deferred. As of December 31, 2022, we have entered into rent abatement agreements related to the COVID-19 pandemic totaling million, million, and million of rents due in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 When collection of substantially all lease payments during the lease term is not considered probable, total lease revenue is limited to the lesser of revenue recognized under accrual accounting or cash received. Determining the probability of collection of substantially all lease payments during a lease term requires significant judgment. This determination is impacted by numerous factors including our assessment of the tenant s credit worthiness, economic conditions, tenant sales productivity in that location, historical experience with the tenant and tenants operating in the same industry, future prospects for the tenant and the industry in which it operates, and the length of the lease term. If leases currently classified as probable are subsequently reclassified as not probable, any outstanding lease receivables (including straight-line rent receivables) would be written-off with a corresponding decrease in rental income. If leases currently classified as not probable are subsequently changed to probable, any lease receivables (including straight-line rent receivables) are re-instated with a corresponding increase to rental income. 
 Our collection of rents has continued to improve from the initial impacts of COVID-19, including collecting rents related to prior periods. As a result, our collectibility related adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted in an increase to rental income of million, as compared to a million and million decrease to rental income during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which reflected lower levels of cash collections and elevated levels of rent abatements and disputes directly related to COVID-19. This includes changes in our collectibility assessments from probable to not probable, disputed rents, and any rent abatements directly related to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the revenue from approximately and of our tenants (based on total commercial leases), respectively, is being recognized on a cash basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our straight-line rent receivables balance was million and million, respectively, and is included in "accounts and notes receivable, net" on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 Other revenue recognition policies 
 Sales of real estate are recognized upon the transfer of control, which usually occurs when the real estate is legally sold. When we enter into a transaction to sell a property or a portion of a property, we evaluate the recognition of the sale under ASC 610-20, "Other Income - Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets." In accordance with ASC 610-20, we apply the guidance in ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," to determine whether and when control 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

years to a maximum of years on buildings and major improvements. Minor improvements, furniture and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over useful lives ranging from to years. Maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the useful lives of the related assets are charged to operations as incurred. Tenant improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the life of the related lease or their estimated useful life, whichever is shorter. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the undepreciated balance of any tenant improvements are written off if they are replaced or have no future value. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, real estate depreciation expense was million, million and million, respectively, including amounts from real estate sold. 
 Our methodology of allocating the cost of acquisitions to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on estimated fair values, replacement cost and/or appraised values. When we acquire operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land, building, improvements, leasing costs, intangibles such as acquired leases, assumed debt, if any, and to current assets acquired and current liabilities assumed, if any. The value allocated to acquired leases is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as rental income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We consider qualitative and quantitative factors in evaluating the likelihood of a tenant exercising a below market renewal option and include such renewal options in the calculation of acquired lease value when we consider these to be bargain renewal options. If the value of below market lease intangibles includes renewal option periods, we include such renewal periods in the amortization period utilized. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the unamortized balance of any acquired lease value is written off to rental income. 
 Transaction costs related to asset acquisitions, such as broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. The acquisition of an operating shopping center typically qualifies as an asset acquisition. 
 We capitalize certain costs related to the development and redevelopment of real estate including pre-construction costs, real estate taxes, insurance, construction costs and salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved, are capitalized. Additionally, we capitalize interest costs related to development and redevelopment activities. Capitalization of these costs begin when the activities and related expenditures commence and cease when the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use at which time the project is placed in service and depreciation commences. Additionally, we make estimates as to the probability of certain development and redevelopment projects being completed. If we determine the development or redevelopment is no longer probable of completion, we expense all capitalized costs which are not recoverable. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 million in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 
 . We view these lease costs as part of the up-front initial investment we made in order to generate a long-term cash inflow and therefore, we classify cash outflows related to leasing costs as an investing activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows. If a tenant vacates its space prior to the contractual termination of its lease, the unamortized balance of any previously capitalized lease costs are written off. See the "Leases" section in this note for further discussion regarding the change in accounting for lease costs. 
 interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix the interest rate on a mortgage payable associated with our Hoboken property at . Both swaps were designated and qualify for cash flow hedge accounting. As of December 31, 2022, our Assembly Row hotel joint venture is a party to interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix the interest rate on the joint venture's mortgage debt at . Both swaps were designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. Hedge ineffectiveness has not impacted earnings in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

mortgage notes receivable with an aggregate carrying amount, net of valuation adjustments of million, and a weighted average interest rate of . 
 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment in mortgage notes receivable and maximum exposure to loss was million for both periods. We also own a tenancy in common ("TIC") interest in Escondido Promenade which is recorded as an equity method investment and included in investments in partnerships" on our December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheets. Our TIC interest in Escondido Promenade is not considered a variable interest in a variable interest entity. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 In addition, we have entities that meet the criteria of a VIE in which we hold a variable interest. For each of these entities, we control the significant operating decisions and consequently have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entities. As we also have the obligation to absorb the majority of the losses and/or the right to receive a majority of the benefits for each of these entities, all are consolidated in our financial statements. Net real estate assets related to VIEs included in our consolidated balance sheets were approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and mortgages related to VIEs included in our consolidated balance sheets were approximately million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 Net income Contributions Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps Distributions redemptions ) ) Change in redemption value ) Ending balance 
 On July 13, 2022, we acquired the redeemable noncontrolling interest in the partnership that owns our Plaza El Segundo shopping center for million, bringing our ownership interest to . 
 
 properties which are accounted for as operating leases. The operating lease right of use ("ROU") assets and related liabilities are shown separately on the face of our consolidated balance sheet and reflect the present value of the minimum lease payments. A key input in the calculation is the discount rate. As the rate implied in the lease agreements is not readily determinable, we utilize our incremental borrowing rate that corresponds to the remaining term of the lease, our credit spread, and an adjustment to reflect the collateralized payment terms present in the lease. Our operating lease agreements may include options to extend the lease term or terminate it early. We include options to extend or terminate leases in the ROU operating lease asset and liability when it is reasonably certain we will exercise these options. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable lease term and is included in rental expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. We do not record an ROU asset or lease liability for leases with terms of less than 12 months. 
 of its taxable income to its shareholders each year and meets certain other conditions is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. Therefore, federal income taxes on our taxable income have been and are generally expected to be immaterial. We are obligated to pay state taxes, generally consisting of franchise or gross receipts taxes in certain states. Such state taxes also have not been material. 
 We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries, which we refer to as a TRS. In general, a TRS may engage in any real estate business and certain non-real estate businesses, subject to certain limitations under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes. Our TRS activities have not been material. 
 With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had material unrecognized tax benefits. While we currently have material unrecognized tax benefits, as a policy, we recognize penalties and interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. 
 individual commercial or residential property constitutes more than and we have no operations outside of the United States of America. Therefore, we have aggregated our properties into reportable segment as the properties share similar long-term economic characteristics and have other similarities including the fact that they are operated using consistent business strategies, are typically located in major metropolitan areas, and have similar tenant mixes. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

 million mortgage loan on Hoboken and the million mortgage loan related to the unconsolidated Assembly Row hotel (of which our share is million) from LIBOR to alternative interest rates. We do not expect a significant impact to our financial results, financial position, or cash flows from this transition. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

 Interest capitalized ) ) ) Interest expense Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS: DownREIT operating partnership units issued with acquisition Mortgage loans assumed with acquisition (1) DownREIT operating partnership units redeemed for common shares Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan 5.417 Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares redeemed for common shares 
 (1) . 
 Restricted cash (1) Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (1) 

NOTE 3 
 (1) July 18, 2022 Hilton Village (office building) Scottsdale, Arizona (2) July 27, 2022 The Shops at Pembroke Gardens Pembroke Pines, Florida (3) November 18, 2022 Hoboken (301 Washington St.) Hoboken, New Jersey N/A (4) 
 (1) million and million of net assets were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (2) million "operating lease right of use asset" (net of a million above market liability) and a million "operating lease liability." Approximately million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (4) ownership interest in, was acquired through our Hoboken joint venture, and is in the beginning stages of redevelopment. 
 
 On October 6, 2022, we acquired a net interest in an unconsolidated joint venture that owns two shopping centers for a combined price of million. On the date of acquisition, the properties had combined mortgage debt of million, of which, our share is approximately million. Approximately million and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." Additional information on the properties is listed below: 
 Property City/State Gross Leasable Area (GLA) Purchase Price (our share) (in square feet) (in millions) Chandler Festival Chandler, Arizona Chandler Gateway Chandler, Arizona 
 2022 Property Dispositions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold two residential properties (one included an adjacent retail pad), one retail property, one parcel of land, and one portion of a property for sales prices totaling million, resulting in net gains totaling approximately million. 
 Other Transaction 
 On August 25, 2022, we entered into a tenancy in common ("TIC") agreement with our partner in the partnership that owned Escondido Promenade. As a result, the Company owns a TIC interest, and our former partner owns the remaining interest. While the Company controlled and consolidated Escondido Promenade under the previous partnership arrangement, control is shared under the TIC agreement. The transaction is considered a transfer of our previous controlling partner interest in exchange for a non-controlling TIC interest. Accordingly, we deconsolidated the entity and recorded our TIC interest at fair value as an equity method investment. We recognized a million "gain on deconsolidation of VIE" on our consolidated statements of operations, which is the difference between the net carrying value of the deconsolidated entity and the fair value of our TIC interest. As of August 25, 2022, the fair value of our investment in the entity was million, and is included in "investment in partnerships" on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. As a part of this transaction, we made a million loan to our co-owner, which is included in "accounts and notes receivable, net" on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. In addition, we entered into a purchase option agreement to acquire the TIC interest from our co-owner, which was secured through an option payment of million, and allows us to exercise our option at any time between February 1, 2023 and March 15, 2023. 
 2021 Property Acquisitions 
 On January 4, 2021, we acquired our partner's interest in our joint venture arrangement related to the Pike Rose hotel for million, and repaid the million mortgage loan encumbering the hotel. As a result of the transaction, we gained control of the hotel, and effective January 4, 2021, we have consolidated this asset. We also recognized a gain on acquisition of the controlling interest of million related to the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the previously held equity interest. 
 On February 22, 2021, we acquired the fee interest at our Mount Vernon Plaza property in Alexandria, Virginia for million. As a result of this transaction, the "operating lease right of use assets" and "operating lease liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheet decreased by million. We now own the entire fee interest on this property. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 (2) June 1, 2021 Grossmont Center (1) La Mesa, California (3) June 14, 2021 Camelback Colonnade (1) Phoenix, Arizona (4) June 14, 2021 Hilton Village (1) Scottsdale, Arizona (5) September 2, 2021 Twinbrooke Shopping Centre Fairfax, Virginia (6) 
 (1) 
 (2) million and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (3) million and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (4) million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and million were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (5) million "operating lease right of use asset" (net of a million above market liability) and an million "operating lease liability." Approximately million and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 (6) million and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other assets for "acquired lease costs" and "above market leases," respectively, and million of net assets acquired were allocated to other liabilities for "below market leases." 
 2021 Property Dispositions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold two properties and a portion of three properties for a total sales price of million, which resulted in a net gain of million. 

NOTE 4 
 
 ) ) Below market leases, lessee ) ) Total ) ) Below market leases, lessor ) ) Above market leases, lessee ) ) Total ) ) 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Amortization of below market leases, lessor Net increase in rental income Amortization of below market leases, lessee Amortization of above market leases, lessee ) ) ) Net increase in rental expense 
 The following is a summary of the remaining weighted average amortization period for our acquired lease assets and acquired lease liabilities: 
 December 31, 2022 Above market leases, lessor years Below market leases, lessee years Below market leases, lessor years Above market leases, lessee years 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 
 November 1, 2025 Bell Gardens August 1, 2026 Plaza El Segundo June 5, 2027 The Grove at Shrewsbury (East) September 1, 2027 Brook 35 July 1, 2029 Hoboken (24 Buildings) (1) LIBOR + 
 December 15, 2029 Various Hoboken (14 Buildings) Various (2) Various through 2029 Chelsea January 15, 2031 Hoboken (1 Building) July 1, 2042 Subtotal Net unamortized debt issuance costs and premium ) ) Total mortgages payable, net Notes payable Term Loan (3)(5) SOFR + 
 April 16, 2024 Revolving credit facility (3)(4)(5) SOFR + 
 April 5, 2027 Various Various (6) Various through 2059 Subtotal Net unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total notes payable, net Senior notes and debentures 2.75 notes June 1, 2023 3.95 notes January 15, 2024 1.25 notes February 15, 2026 7.48 debentures August 15, 2026 3.25 notes July 15, 2027 6.82 medium term notes August 1, 2027 3.20 notes June 15, 2029 3.50 notes June 1, 2030 4.50 notes December 1, 2044 3.625 notes August 1, 2046 Subtotal Net unamortized debt issuance costs and premium ) ) Total senior notes and debentures Total debt 
 _____________________ 
 (1) On November 26, 2019, we entered into interest rate swap agreements that fix the interest rate on the mortgage loan at . 
 (2) The interest rates on these mortgages range from to . 
 (3) Our revolving credit facility SOFR loans bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR as defined in the credit agreement and our term loan bears interest at Term SOFR, plus , plus a spread, based on our current credit rating. 
 (4) The maximum amount drawn under our revolving credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million and the weighted average interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility, before amortization of debt fees, was . 
 (5) The Operating Partnership is the obligor under our revolving credit facility, term loan, and senior notes and debentures. 
 (6) The interest rates on these notes payable range from to . 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 million mortgage loan on one of the buildings at our Hoboken property, at par. 
 On October 5, 2022, we amended our revolving credit facility, increasing the borrowing capacity from billion to billion, extending the maturity date to April 5, 2027, plus two six-month extension options, transitioning the interest rate provisions from LIBOR to the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"), and adjusting the spread for SOFR based loans. Our SOFR based loans bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR as defined in the credit agreement plus plus a spread, based on our credit rating. The current spread is basis points. In addition, we have an option (subject to bank approval) to increase the credit facility through an accordion feature to billion. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the maximum amount of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average amount of borrowings outstanding was million, million and million, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate, before amortization of debt fees, was , and , respectively. The revolving credit facility requires an annual facility fee which is million under the amended credit agreement. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our revolving credit facility had balance outstanding. 
 On October 5, 2022, we also amended our unsecured term loan and borrowed an additional million, bringing the total outstanding to million. The term loan amendment also transitioned the interest rate provisions from LIBOR to SOFR. This SOFR based loan bears interest at Term SOFR as defined in the agreement, plus , plus a basis point spread, based on our current credit rating. The net proceeds from the term loan after underwriting fees and other costs were million, and were used to repay the million outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 Our revolving credit facility, term loan, and certain notes require us to comply with various financial covenants, including the maintenance of minimum shareholders equity and debt coverage ratios and a maximum ratio of debt to net worth. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all default related debt covenants. 
 2024 (1) 2025 2026 2027 (2) Thereafter (3) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) million term loan matures on April 16, 2024 plus two one-year extensions, at our option. 
 (2) billion revolving credit facility matures on April 5, 2027 plus two six-month extensions, at our option. As of December 31, 2022, there was balance outstanding under this credit facility. 
 (3) . 

NOTE 6 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

Senior notes and debentures 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts of million that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The interest rate swap agreements fix the interest rate on million of mortgage payables at through December 15, 2029. The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements are based on the estimated amounts we would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date and are determined using interest rate pricing models and interest rate related observable inputs. The fair value of our swaps at December 31, 2022 was an asset of million and is included in "prepaid expenses and other assets" on our consolidated balance sheet. During 2022, the value of our interest rate swaps increased million (including less than million reclassified from other comprehensive income as an increase to interest expense). 
 ) ) 
 One of our equity method investees has interest rate swaps which qualify as cash flow hedges. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our share of the change in fair value of the related swaps included in "accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" was an increase of million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 7 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. Any potential losses which exceed our estimates would result in a decrease in our net income. During 2022 and 2021, we made payments from these reserves of million and million, respectively. Although we consider the reserve to be adequate, there can be no assurance that the reserve will prove to be adequate over-time to cover losses due to the difference between the assumptions used to estimate the reserve and actual losses. 
 On July 13, 2022, we acquired the redeemable noncontrolling interest in the partnership that owns our Plaza El Segundo shopping center for million, bringing our ownership interest to . 
 On December 11, 2019, we received proceeds related to the sale under the threat of condemnation at San Antonio Center as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. We indemnified the condemning authority for all costs incurred related to the condemnation proceedings including any payments required to tenants at the property and recorded a corresponding liability for our estimate of these costs. During 2022, we recorded a net reduction to our liability for condemnation and transaction costs to reflect the impact of a recent tenant settlement agreement and our current estimate of remaining costs. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have recognized a gain of million, which is included in our consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, during 2022, we incurred million of payments to tenants, and consequently, at December 31, 2022, we have a liability of million to reflect our estimate of the remaining consideration. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had letters of credit outstanding of approximately million. 
 As of December 31, 2022 in connection with capital improvement, development, and redevelopment projects, we have contractual obligations of approximately million. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum operating lease payments Less amount representing interest ) Operating lease liabilities 

F-31 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum finance lease payments Less amount representing interest ) Finance lease liabilities 
 A master lease for Mercer Mall includes a fixed purchase price option for million in 2023. During 2022, we exercised our option to purchase the fee interest, which is expected to close in the second half of 2023. 
 Under the terms of the Congressional Plaza partnership agreement, a minority partner has the right to require us and the other minority partner to purchase its interest in Congressional Plaza at the interest s then-current fair market value. If the other minority partner defaults in their obligation, we must purchase the full interest. Based on management s current estimate of fair market value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from approximately million to million. 
 A master lease for Melville Mall, as amended on October 14, 2021, includes a fixed price put option at any time prior to June 30, 2025, requiring us to purchase Melville Mall for approximately million. Additionally, we have the right to purchase Melville Mall in 2026 for approximately million. The consideration is net of a contract amendment fee to be paid by the landlord. 
 The other member in The Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35 has the right to require us to purchase all of its approximately interest in The Grove at Shrewsbury and approximately interest in Brook 35 at the interests' then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair market value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from million to million. 
 Effective September 18, 2023, the other member in Hoboken has the right to require us to purchase all of its ownership interest at the interest's then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair market value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from million to million. 
 Effective June 14, 2026, the other member in Camelback Colonnade and Hilton Village has the right to require us to purchase all of its ownership interest at the interest's then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from million to million. 
 Effective October 6, 2027, the other member in the partnership that owns equity method investments in Chandler Festival and Chandler Gateway has the right to require us to purchase its net ownership interest. Based on management's current estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from million and million. 
 Effective June 1, 2029, the other member in Grossmont Center has the right to require us to purchase all of its ownership interest at the interest's then-current fair market value. Based on management's current estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2022, our estimated maximum liability upon exercise of the put option would range from million to million. 
 Under the terms of certain partnership agreements, the partners have the right to exchange their operating partnership units for cash or the same number of our common shares, at our option. A total of downREIT operating partnership units are outstanding which have a total fair value of million, based on our closing stock price on December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 8 
 shares, shares, and shares, respectively, were issued under the Plan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we had Depositary Shares outstanding, each representing 1/1000th interest of Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share, par value per share ("Series C Preferred Shares"), at 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 per depositary share (or per Series C Preferred share). The Series C Preferred Shares accrue dividends at a rate of of the liquidation preference per year and are redeemable at our option. Additionally, they are not convertible and holders of these shares generally have no voting rights, unless we fail to pay dividends for six or more quarters. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had shares of Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares Series 1 Preferred Shares outstanding that have a liquidation preference of per share and par value per share, and shares at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Series 1 Preferred Shares accrue dividends at a rate of per year and are convertible at any time by the holders to our common shares at a conversion rate of per share. On June 15, 2022, one of our Series 1 Preferred shareholders converted preferred shares to common shares. The Series 1 Preferred Shares are also convertible under certain circumstances at our election. The holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares have no voting rights. 
 On February 14, 2022, we replaced our existing at-the-market ATM equity program with a new ATM equity program in which we may from time to time offer and sell common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to million. Our ATM equity program also allows shares to be sold through forward sales contracts. We intend to use the net proceeds from ATM equity program issuances to fund potential acquisition opportunities, fund our development and redevelopment pipeline, repay indebtedness and/or for general corporate purposes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued common shares at a weighted average price per share of for net cash proceeds of million including paying million in commissions and million in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued common shares at a weighted average price per share of for net cash proceeds of million and paid million in commissions and million in additional offering expenses related to the sales of these common shares. As of December 31, 2022, we have the remaining capacity to issue up to million in common shares under our ATM equity program. 
 During 2021, we entered into forward sales contracts for common shares under our ATM equity program at a weighted average offering price of . During 2021, we settled a portion of these forward sales agreements by issuing common shares for net proceeds of million and during 2022, we settled the remaining forward sales contracts by issuing common shares for net proceeds of million. We have no outstanding forward sales agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 9 
 5.417 Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred shares 5.0 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred shares (1) (1) Amount represents dividends per depositary share, each representing 1/1000th of a share. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 Capital gain Return of capital Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred shares 
 Ordinary dividend Capital gain Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred shares 
 Ordinary dividend Capital gain 
 On November 3, 2022, the Trustees declared a quarterly cash dividend of per common share, payable January 17, 2023 to common shareholders of record on January 3, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 predominantly retail shopping center and mixed-use properties are located in states and the District of Columbia. There are approximately commercial leases and residential leases. Our commercial tenants range from sole proprietorships to national retailers and corporations. At December 31, 2022, no one tenant or corporate group of tenants accounted for more than of annualized base rent. 
 Our leases with commercial property and residential tenants are classified as operating leases. Commercial property leases generally range from three to (certain leases with anchor tenants may be longer), and in addition to minimum rents, may provide for percentage rents based on the tenant s level of sales achieved and cost recoveries for the tenant s share of certain operating costs. Leases on apartments are generally for a period of year or less. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost OTHER INFORMATION: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows for finance leases Operating cash flows for operating leases Financing cash flows for finance leases December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining term - finance leases years years Weighted-average remaining term - operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

NOTE 11 
 Utilities Management fees and costs Payroll Insurance Marketing Ground rent Other operating Total rental expenses 

NOTE 12 
 Capitalized share-based compensation ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 common shares of beneficial interest. Our 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2010 Plan ), which expired in May 2020, authorized the grant of share options, common shares and other share-based awards for up to common shares of beneficial interest. 
 Option awards under the plans are required to have an exercise price at least equal to the closing trading price of our common shares on the date of grant. Options and restricted share awards under the plan generally vest over three to and option awards typically have a ten -year contractual term. We pay dividends on unvested shares. Certain options and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control. Additionally, the vesting on certain option and share awards can accelerate in part or in full upon termination without cause. 
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model. Expected volatilities, term, dividend yields, employee exercises and estimated forfeitures are primarily based on historical data. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The fair value of each share award is determined based on the closing trading price of our common shares on the grant date. options were granted in 2022 and 2020. 
 Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) Risk free interest rate 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted in 2021 was per share. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock awarded in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total vesting-date fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 On February 10, 2021, restricted stock units were awarded to an officer that vest at the end of . The final awards earned are based on meeting certain market based performance criteria, and may vary from to of the original 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements (i.e. options and unvested shares) granted under our plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over the next years with a weighted-average period of years. 
 Shares Immediate Trustees February 7, 2023 Restricted Shares - years 
 Officers and key employees 

NOTE 13 
 for 2022, and for 2021 and 2020. Under the plan, we contribute of each employee s elective deferrals up to of eligible earnings. In addition, we may make discretionary contributions within the limits of deductibility set forth by the Code. Our full-time employees are immediately eligible to become plan participants. Employees are eligible to receive matching contributions immediately on their participation; however, these matching payments will not vest until their third anniversary of employment. Our expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately , and , respectively. 
 A non-qualified deferred compensation plan for our officers and certain other employees was established in 1994 that allows the participants to defer a portion of their income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we are liable to participants for approximately million and million, respectively, under this plan. Although this is an unfunded plan, we have purchased certain investments to match this obligation. Our obligation under this plan and the related investments are both included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14 
 million weighted average unvested shares and units outstanding, and for 2020 we had million which are considered participating securities. Therefore, we have allocated our earnings for basic and diluted EPS and EPU between common shares and units and unvested shares and units; the portion of earnings allocated to the unvested shares and units is reflected as earnings allocated to unvested shares or "earnings allocated to unvested units" in the reconciliation below. 
 stock options in 2020, 
 conversions of downREIT operating partnership units for 2021 and 2020, 
 and Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares and units for 2022, 2021, and 2020, and 
 the issuance of million shares and units issuable under forward sales agreements in 2021. 
 Additionally, unvested restricted stock units are excluded from the diluted EPS and EPU calculations as the market based performance criteria in the award has not yet been achieved. 
 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings per Share 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) NUMERATOR Net income Less: Preferred share dividends ) ) ) Less: Income from operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Less: Earnings allocated to unvested shares ) ) ) Net income available for common shareholders, basic Add: Income attributable to downREIT operating partnership units Net income available for common shareholders, diluted DENOMINATOR Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Open forward contracts for share issuances DownREIT operating partnership units Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC Net income available for common shareholders EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, DILUTED Net income available for common shareholders 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Preferred unit distributions ) ) ) Less: Income from operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Less: Earnings allocated to unvested units ) ) ) Net income available for common unit holders, basic Add: Income attributable to downREIT operating partnership units Net income available for common unit holders, diluted DENOMINATOR Weighted average common units outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Common unit issuances relating to open common forward contracts DownREIT operating partnership units Weighted average common units outstanding diluted EARNINGS PER COMMON UNIT, BASIC Net income available for common unit holders EARNINGS PER COMMON UNIT, DILUTED Net income available for common unit holders 

NOTE 15 
 square foot portion of Huntington Square shopping center that was not previously owned, as well as the fee interest in the land underneath the portion of the shopping center which we control under a long-term ground lease for million. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

1975 - 2001 5/30/2007 (1) ANDORRA (Pennsylvania) 1953 1/12/1988 (1) ASSEMBLY ROW/ASSEMBLY SQUARE MARKETPLACE (Massachusetts) 2005, 2012-2022 2005-2013 (1) AZALEA (California) 2014 8/2/2017 (1) BALA CYNWYD (Pennsylvania) 1955/2020 9/22/1993 (1) BARCROFT PLAZA (Virginia) 1963, 1972, 1990, 2000 1/13/16 11/7/16 (1) BARRACKS ROAD (Virginia) 1958 12/31/1985 (1) BELL GARDENS (California) 1990, 2003, 2006 8/2/17 11/29/18 (1) BETHESDA ROW (Maryland) 1945-2008 12/31/93, 6/2/97, 1/20/06, 9/25/08, 9/30/08, 12/27/10 (1) BIRCH BROAD (Virginia) 1960/1962 9/30/67 10/05/72 (1) BRICK PLAZA (New Jersey) 1958 12/28/1989 (1) BRISTOL PLAZA (Connecticut) 1959 9/22/1995 (1) BROOK 35 (New Jersey) 1986/2004 1/1/2014 (1) CAMELBACK COLONNADE (Arizona) 1977/2019 6/14/2021 (1) CAMPUS PLAZA (Massachusetts) 1970 1/13/2016 (1) CHELSEA COMMONS (Massachusetts) 1962/1969/ 2008 8/25/06, 1/30/07, 7/16/08 (1) CHESTERBROOK (Virginia) 1967/1991 4/30/21 (1) 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 1990/1994, 1922-1973, 2018-2021 5/4/15, 7/1/15, 12/16/15, 7/26/16, 6/30/17, 8/10/17 (1) COLORADO BLVD (California) 1905-1988 8/14/98 (1) CONGRESSIONAL PLAZA (Maryland) 1965/2003/2016 4/1/1965 (1) COURTHOUSE CENTER (Maryland) 1975 12/17/1997 (1) CROSSROADS (Illinois) 1959 7/19/1993 (1) CROW CANYON COMMONS (California) Late 1970's/ 1998/2006 12/29/05 2/28/07 (1) DARIEN COMMONS (Connecticut) 1920-2009 4/3/13 7/20/18 (1) DEDHAM PLAZA (Massachusetts) 1959 12/31/93, 12/14/16, 1/29/19, 3/12/19 (1) DEL MAR VILLAGE (Florida) 1982/1994/ 2007 5/30/08, 7/11/08, 10/14/14 (1) EAST BAY BRIDGE (California) 1994-2001, 2011/2012 12/21/2012 (1) ELLISBURG (New Jersey) 1959 10/16/1992 (1) FAIRFAX JUNCTION (Virgina) 1981/1986/ 2000 2/8/19 1/10/20 (1) FEDERAL PLAZA (Maryland) 1970 6/29/1989 (1) FINLEY SQUARE (Illinois) 1974 4/27/1995 (1) FLOURTOWN (Pennsylvania) 1957 4/25/1980 (1) FOURTH STREET (California) 1948,1975 5/19/2017 (1) FREEDOM PLAZA (California) 2018-2020 6/15/2018 (1) FRESH MEADOWS (New York) 1946-1949 12/5/1997 (1) 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

 1998 9/21/2001 (1) GAITHERSBURG SQUARE (Maryland) 1966 4/22/1993 (1) GARDEN MARKET (Illinois) 1958 7/28/1994 (1) GEORGETOWNE SHOPPING CENTER (New York) 1969/2006/ 2015 11/15/19 (1) GOVERNOR PLAZA (Maryland) 1963 10/1/1985 (1) GRAHAM PARK PLAZA (Virginia) 1971 7/21/1983 (1) GRATIOT PLAZA (Michigan) 1964 3/29/1973 (1) GREENLAWN PLAZA (New York) 1975/2004 1/13/2016 (1) GREENWICH AVENUE (Connecticut) 1968 4/12/1995 (1) GROSSMONT CENTER (California) 1961, 1963, 1982-1983, 2002 6/1/2021 (1) HASTINGS RANCH PLAZA (California) 1958, 1984, 2006, 2007 2/1/2017 (1) HAUPPAUGE (New York) 1963 8/6/1998 (1) HILTON VILLAGE (Arizona) 1982/1989 6/14/21 7/18/22 (1) HOBOKEN (New Jersey) 1887-2006 9/18/19, 11/26/19, 12/19/19, 2/12/20, 11/18/22 (1) HOLLYWOOD BLVD (California) 1929/1991 3/22/99 6/18/99 (1) HUNTINGTON (New York) 1962 12/12/88, 10/26/07, 11/24/15 (1) HUNTINGTON SQUARE (New York) 1980/2004-2007 8/16/2010 (1) IDYLWOOD PLAZA (Virginia) 1991 4/15/1994 (1) KINGS COURT (California) 1960 8/24/1998 (1) 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 1996/2001/ 2006 4/20/22 7/27/22 (1) LANCASTER (Pennsylvania) 1958 4/24/1980 (1) LANGHORNE SQUARE (Pennsylvania) 1966 1/31/1985 (1) LAUREL (Maryland) 1956 8/15/1986 (1) LAWRENCE PARK (Pennsylvania) 1972 7/23/1980 4/3/17 (1) LINDEN SQUARE (Massachusetts) 1960-2008 8/24/2006 (1) MELVILLE MALL (New York) 1974 10/16/2006 (1) MERCER MALL (New Jersey) 1975 10/14/03 1/31/17 (1) MONTROSE CROSSING (Maryland) 1960s, 1970s, 1996 2011 12/27/11 12/19/13 (1) MOUNT VERNON/SOUTH VALLEY/7770 RICHMOND HWY. (Virginia) 1966/1972/ 1987/2001 3/31/03, 3/21/03, 1/27/06 (1) NORTH DARTMOUTH (Massachusetts) 2004 8/24/2006 (1) NORTHEAST (Pennsylvania) 1959 8/30/1983 (1) OLD KEENE MILL (Virginia) 1968 6/15/1976 (1) OLD TOWN CENTER (California) 1962, 1997-1998 10/22/1997 (1) OLIVO AT MISSION HILLS (California) 2017-2018 8/2/2017 (1) PAN AM (Virginia) 1979 2/5/1993 (1) PERRING PLAZA (Maryland) 1963 10/1/1985 (1) PIKE ROSE (Maryland) 1963, 2012-2022 5/18/82, 10/26/07, 7/31/12 (1) PIKE 7 PLAZA (Virginia) 1968 3/31/97 7/8/15 (1) PLAZA DEL MERCADO (Maryland) 1969 1/13/2016 (1) 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

 2009 8/2/2017 (1) PLAZA EL SEGUNDO/THE POINT (California) 2006/2007/ 2016 12/30/11, 6/14/13, 7/26/13, 12/27/13 (1) QUEEN ANNE PLAZA (Massachusetts) 1967 12/23/1994 (1) QUINCE ORCHARD (Maryland) 1975 4/22/1993 (1) RIVERPOINT CENTER (Illinois) 1989, 2012 3/31/2017 (1) SAN ANTONIO CENTER (California) 1958, 1964-1965, 1974-1975, 1995-1997 1/9/2015, 9/13/19 (1) SANTANA ROW (California) 1999-2006, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2016-2022 3/5/97, 7/13/12, 9/6/12, 4/30/13 9/23/13 (1) SYLMAR TOWNE CENTER (California) 1973 8/2/2017 (1) THE AVENUE AT WHITE MARSH (Maryland) 1997 3/8/2007 (1) THE GROVE AT SHREWSBURY (New Jersey) 1988/1993/ 2007 1/1/2014 10/6/14 (1) THE SHOPPES AT NOTTINGHAM SQUARE (Maryland) 2005 - 2006 3/8/2007 (1) THE SHOPS AT PEMBROKE GARDENS (Florida) 2007 7/27/2022 (1) THIRD STREET PROMENADE (California) 1888-2000 1996-2000 (1) TOWER SHOPPNG CENTER (Virginia) 1953-1960 8/24/1998 (1) TOWER SHOPS (Florida) 1989, 2017 1/19/11 6/13/14 (1) TOWN CENTER OF NEW BRITAIN (Pennsylvania) 1969 6/29/2006 (1) TROY HILLS (New Jersey) 1966 7/23/1980 (1) 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

 1977 9/2/2021 (1) TYSON'S STATION (Virginia) 1954 1/17/1978 (1) VILLAGE AT SHIRLINGTON (Virginia) 1940, 2006-2009 12/21/1995 (1) WESTGATE CENTER (California) 1960-1966 3/31/2004 (1) WESTPOST (FORMERLY KNOWN AS PENTAGON ROW) (Virginia) 1999 - 2002 1998 11/22/10 (1) WHITE MARSH PLAZA (Maryland) 1987 3/8/2007 (1) WHITE MARSH OTHER (Maryland) 1985 3/8/2007 (1) WILDWOOD (Maryland) 1958 5/5/1969 (1) WILLOW GROVE (Pennsylvania) 1953 11/20/1984 (1) WILLOW LAWN (Virginia) 1957 12/5/1983 (1) WYNNEWOOD (Pennsylvania) 1948 10/29/1996 (1) TOTALS 
 
 (1) Depreciation of building and improvements is calculated based on useful lives ranging from the life of the lease to years. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST AND FEDERAL REALTY OP LP 
 SCHEDULE III 
 SUMMARY OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED 
 Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Reconciliation of Total Cost 
 (in thousands) 
 Additions during period Acquisitions Improvements Deductions during period Impairment of property ) Dispositions and retirements of property ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Additions during period Acquisitions Improvements Deduction during period dispositions and retirements of property ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Additions during period Acquisitions Improvements Deduction during period dispositions and retirements of property Dispositions and retirements of property ) Deconsolidation of VIE ) Balance, December 31, 2022 (1) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

Additions during period depreciation and amortization expense Deductions during period Impairment of property ) Dispositions and retirements of property ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Additions during period depreciation and amortization expense Deductions during period -dispositions and retirements of property ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Additions during period depreciation and amortization expense Deductions during period Dispositions and retirements of property ) Deconsolidation of VIE ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

February 2026 Interest only monthly; balloon payment due at maturity (2) Second mortgage on a retail shopping center in Rockville, MD February 2026 Interest only monthly; balloon payment due at maturity (2) Second mortgage on a retail shopping center in Baltimore, MD October 2031 Principal and interest monthly; balloon payment due at maturity (3) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) million in total. We do not hold the first mortgage loan on this property. Accordingly, the amount of the prior lien at December 31, 2022 is estimated. 
 (3) million. We do not hold the first mortgage loan on this property. Accordingly, the amount of the prior lien at December 31, 2022 is estimated. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 

January 1, 2020 adoption of new accounting standard - See Note 2 ) Additions during period: Acquisition of loan, net of valuation adjustments Issuance of loans Balance, December 31, 2020 Additions during period: Issuance of loans Deductions during period: Collection and satisfaction of loans ) Valuation adjustments ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Deductions during period: Valuation adjustments ) Collection and satisfaction of loans ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 F-49 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 frt-12312022xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST AND FEDERAL REALTY OP LP 
 
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Federal Realty GP LLC Delaware FR Associates Limited Partnership Maryland Andorra Associates Pennsylvania Governor Plaza Associates Pennsylvania Shopping Center Associates Pennsylvania Berman Enterprises II Limited Partnership Maryland FRIT Escondido Promenade, LLC California FRIT Leasing & Development Services, Inc. Delaware Congressional Plaza Associates, LLC Maryland FR Pike 7 Limited Partnership Delaware Federal Realty Partners L.P. Delaware Federal Realty Partners, LLC Delaware FR East Bay Bridge, LLC Delaware East Bay Bridge Retail, LLC Delaware Federal Realty Management Services, Inc. Delaware FRIT Solar, Inc. Delaware Santana Row ROF, Inc. Delaware FR Mercer Mall, LLC Delaware FR Westgate Mall, LLC Delaware FR Assembly Square, LLC Delaware FR Crow Canyon, LLC Delaware FR Linden Square, LLC Delaware FR Chelsea Commons Member, LLC Delaware FR Chelsea Commons I, LLC Delaware FR White Marsh, LLC Maryland Byron Station, LLC Maryland Byron Station Limited Partnership, LLLP Maryland NVI-Avenue, LLC Maryland FR Shoppers World, LLC Delaware FRIT Florida, LLC Delaware FR Rollingwood, LLC Delaware FR Montrose Crossing, LLC Delaware FRIT CA Operations, Inc. California FR Huntington Square, LLC Delaware FR Darien, LLC Delaware FR Georgetowne, LLC Delaware FR Hastings Ranch, LLC Delaware FR Riverpoint, LLC Delaware Street Retail, LLC Maryland SRI CM 4th Street JV, LLC Delaware SRI Old Town, LLC California Street Retail West I, L.P. Delaware Street Retail West II, L.P. Delaware Street Retail West 3, L.P. Delaware Street Retail West 4, L.P. Delaware Street Retail West 6, L.P. Delaware Street Retail West 7, L.P. Delaware Street Retail West 10, L.P. Delaware 

FRIT San Jose Town and Country Village, LLC California Santana Row Services, Inc. Delaware SRI Continental JV, LLC Delaware CCA Sepulveda, LLC Delaware Rosecrans-Sepulveda Partners 3, LLC Delaware PES Partners, LLC Delaware The Grove Fee Owner, LLC Delaware Route 35 Shrewsbury Limited Partnership New Jersey Shrewsbury Commons L.P. Washington Sea Girt Limited Partnership Washington 35 West, LLC Washington Merritt Shrewsbury Commons LLC Washington Cole Grove West, LLC Washington FR 508 Broad, LLC Delaware FR San Antonio Center, LLC Delaware San Antonio Center II, LLC Delaware Pike & Rose Condominium, Inc. Delaware PNR Hotel XXVI JV LLC Delaware PNR Hotel XXVI Owner LLC Delaware PNR Hotel XXVI Operator LLC Delaware SR Winchester, LLC Delaware Assembly Row Condominium, Inc. Delaware SRI Assembly Row Hotel, Inc. Delaware Assembly Hotel Operator, LLC Delaware Assembly Row Hotel, LLC Delaware FRIT Cocowalk, LLC Delaware FRIT Cocowalk Owner, LLC Delaware 3112 Commodore Plaza Investments, LLC Florida 3131 Commodore Plaza Investments, LLC Florida 3206 Grand Avenue, LLC Delaware 3406 Main Highway, LLC Delaware 3419 Main Highway Investments, LLC Florida FLV Campus Plaza GP, LLC Delaware FLV Campus Plaza Limited Partnership Delaware FLV Plaza del Mercado, LLC Delaware FLV Plaza del Mercado, LP Delaware FLV Greenlawn Plaza GP, LLC Delaware FLV Greenlawn Plaza, LP Delaware FLV Barcroft Plaza GP, LLC Delaware FLV Barcroft Plaza, LP Delaware Primestor FRIT JV, LLC Delaware Azalea Joint Venture, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Alameda, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Bell Gardens, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT El Monte, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT El Portal, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Los Jardines, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Mission Hills, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT SCP, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Sylmar, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT TRS JV, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Plaza Pacoima, LLC Delaware Prime FRIT Olivo Land, LLC Delaware Primestor FRIT Jordan Downs JV, LLC Delaware Primestor Jordan Downs, LLC Delaware 

Primestor Development Investment, LLC Delaware RevUp, Inc. Maryland FR Fairfax Junction. LLC Delaware SRI UNLMTD JV, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA Properties I, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA Properties II, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA 214 Washington, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA 301 Washington, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA 302 Washington, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA 600 Washington, LLC Delaware SRI-WSA 210 14 th , LLC 
 Delaware SRI-WSA 158 14 th , LLC 
 Delaware SRI-WSA 1426 Willow, LLC Delaware FR Chesterbrook JV, LLC Delaware FR Grossmont, LLC Delaware FR Hilton Village, LLC Delaware FR Camelback Colonnade, LLC Delaware FR Scottsdale Forum, LLC Delaware FR Pembroke Gardens, LLC Delaware FR Chandler Festival, LLC Delaware SanTan Festival, LLC Arizona Chandler Festival SPE LLC Delaware FR Chandler Gateway, LLC Delaware Chandler Gateway Partners, LLC Arizona Chandler Gateway SPE LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 frt-12312022xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our reports dated February 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements, schedules, and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Federal Realty Investment Trust and Federal Realty OP LP on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Federal Realty Investment Trust and Federal Realty OP LP on Form S-3 (File No. 333-261971, File No. 333-262016, and File No. 333-262024) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-239351 and File No. 333-147081). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 frt-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Donald C. Wood, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 8, 2023 S DONALD C. WOOD Donald C. Wood, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 frt-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Daniel Guglielmone , certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Federal Realty Investment Trust 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 8, 2023 S DANIEL GUGLIELMONE Daniel Guglielmone, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 frt-12312022xex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Donald C. Wood, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Federal Realty OP LP 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 8, 2023 S DONALD C. WOOD Donald C. Wood, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 7
 frt-12312022xex314.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

Exhibit 31.4 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Daniel Guglielmone , certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Federal Realty OP LP 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 8, 2023 S DANIEL GUGLIELMONE Daniel Guglielmone, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 frt-12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Donald C. Wood, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Federal Realty Investment Trust (the Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). The undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 8, 2023 S DONALD C. WOOD Donald C. Wood, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 frt-12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Daniel Guglielmone, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Federal Realty Investment Trust (the Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). The undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 8, 2023 S DANIEL GUGLIELMONE Daniel Guglielmone, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 frt-12312022xex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Donald C. Wood, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Federal Realty OP LP (the Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). The undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 8, 2023 S DONALD C. WOOD Donald C. Wood, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 11
 frt-12312022xex324.htm
 EX-32.4

Document 

Exhibit 32.4 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Daniel Guglielmone, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Federal Realty OP LP (the Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). The undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 8, 2023 S DANIEL GUGLIELMONE Daniel Guglielmone, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 frt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 frt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 frt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 frt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 frt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

